<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211013_10-K_edgar_data_857949_0001213900-21-052639.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9323026</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>350979</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1719456</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2671146</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2128572</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2160010</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-21-052639.hdr.sgml : 20211013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211013163133
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-21-052639
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			China Green Agriculture, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000857949
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE CHEMICALS [2870]
		IRS NUMBER:				363526027
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34260
		FILM NUMBER:		211321581

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3RD FLOOR, BOROUGH A, BLOCK A. NO.181,
		STREET 2:		SOUTH TAIBAI ROAD,
		CITY:			XIAN, SHAANXI PROVINCE,
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			710065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3034996000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3RD FLOOR, BOROUGH A, BLOCK A. NO.181,
		STREET 2:		SOUTH TAIBAI ROAD,
		CITY:			XIAN, SHAANXI PROVINCE,
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			710065

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DISCOVERY TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DISCOVERY TECHNOLOGIES INC /KS/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DISCOVERY SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19900613

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-21-052639.txt : 20211013

10-K
 1
 f10k2021_chinagreenagri.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to _____________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, . 

, Shaanxi Province, PRC 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number: + 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such report(s)), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value
of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last
sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter: as of December 31, 2020, based on the closing price 3.60 of the Company s common stock on such
date. 

The number of outstanding
shares of the registrant s common stock on October 13, 2021, was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 35 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 39 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 40 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 50 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 51 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 52 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 53 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 57 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters 
 66 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 67 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 69 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 70 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 70 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 71 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 72 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 F-1 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

China Green Agriculture, Inc. we 
or the Company is primarily engaged in the research, development, production and sale of various types of fertilizers and
agricultural products in the People s Republic of China PRC through its wholly-owned Chinese subsidiaries, Jinong
Shaanxi TechTeam Jinong Humic Acid Product Co., Ltd. Jinong ), and Beijing Gufeng Chemical Products Co., Ltd., Gufeng ),
both of which are engaged in fertilizer production. In addition, we operate through variable interest entities (the VIEs ),
including Xi an Hu County Yuxing Agriculture Technology Development Co., Ltd. Yuxing ), engaged in agricultural products
production, and another five VIE companies that we acquired since June 2016. Our primary business is fertilizer products, specifically
humic acid-based compound fertilizer produced through Jinong; and compound fertilizer, blended fertilizer, organic compound fertilizer,
slow-release fertilizers, highly-concentrated water-soluble fertilizers and mixed organic-inorganic compound fertilizer produced through
Gufeng. In addition, through Yuxing, we develop and produce agricultural products, such as top-grade fruits, vegetables, flowers and colored
seedlings. 

Since June 2016, the Company, through its wholly-owned
subsidiary Jinong, entered into strategic acquisition agreements and a series of contractual agreements with the shareholders of the following
eight companies that are organized under the laws of the PRC and are deemed as VIEs: Shaanxi Lishijie Agrochemical Co., Ltd., Songyuan
Jinyangguang Sannong Service Co., Ltd., Shenqiu County Zhenbai Agriculture Co., Ltd., Weinan City Linwei District Wangtian Agricultural
Materials Co., Ltd., Aksu Xindeguo Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd., and Xinjiang Xinyulei Eco-agriculture Science and Technology Co.,
Ltd., Sunwu County Xiangrong Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd., and Anhui Fengnong Seed Co., Ltd. (collectively hereafter referred to as
 the VIE Companies. 

As of June 30, 2021, the Company, through its wholly-owned
subsidiary Jinong, has discontinued the strategic acquisition agreements and the series of contractual agreements with the shareholders
of Aksu Xindeguo Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd., Xinjiang Xinyulei Eco-agriculture Science and Technology Co., Ltd., and Sunwu County
Xiangrong Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd., decreasing the number of VIE companies from eight to five. 

Fertilizer production is our core business and
we generated approximately 200,245,680, 200,185,739, and 237,212,740, or 83.5 , 80.3 , and 80.6 of our total revenues for the years
ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Our total annual production capacity was 555,000 metric tons as of June 30, 2021. 

As of June 30, 2021, we sold our products through
a network of 1,756 regional distributors covering 22 provinces, 4 autonomous regions and 4 central government-controlled municipalities
in China. We do not rely on any single distributor. Our top five distributors accounted for approximately 43.9 of our fertilizer revenues
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. 

As of June 30, 2021, we have developed 690 different
fertilizer products. We conduct our research and development activities through Yuxing, one of Jinong s VIEs, which tests new fertilizers
and grows high quality flowers, vegetables and seedlings for commercial sales. 

During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021,
2020 and 2019, our revenues from continuing and discontinued operations were 239,927,726, 249,243,496, and 294,320,803,
respectively; our net income (loss) for these periods was (119,747,617), (134,689,311), and 11,590,395, respectively. 

1 

Recent Developments 

Strategic Acquisitions: 

On June 30, 2016 and January 1, 2017,
through Jinong, we entered (i) Strategic Acquisition Agreements (the SAA ), and (ii) Agreements for Convertible Notes
(the ACN ), with the shareholders of the companies as identified below (the Targets ). 

June 30, 2016: 

Cash 
 Principal of 

Payment for 
 Notes for 

Acquisition 
 Acquisition 
 
 Company Name 
 Business Scope 
 (RMB [1] 
 (RMB) 
 
 Shaanxi Lishijie Agrochemical Co., Ltd. 
 Sales of pesticides, agricultural chemicals, chemical fertilizers, agricultural materials; Manufacture and sales of mulches. 
 10,000,000 
 3,000,000 

Songyuan Jinyangguang Sannong Service Co., Ltd. 
 Promotion and consulting services regarding agricultural technologies; Retail sales of chemical fertilizers (including compound fertilizers and organic fertilizers); Wholesale and retail sales of pesticides, agricultural machinery and accessories; Collection of agricultural information; Development of saline-alkali soil; Promotion and development of high-efficiency agriculture and related information technology solutions for agriculture, agricultural and biological engineering high technologies; E-commerce; Cultivation of freshwater fish, poultry, fruits, flowers, vegetables, and seeds; Recycling and complex utilization of straw and stalk; Technology transfer and training; Recycling of agricultural materials; Ecological industry planning. 
 8,000,000 
 12,000,000 

Shenqiu County Zhenbai Agriculture Co., Ltd.(2) 
 Cultivation of crops; Storage, sales, preliminary processing and logistics distribution of agricultural by-products; Promotion and application of agricultural technologies; Purchase and sales of agricultural materials; Electronic commerce. 
 3,000,000 
 12,000,000 

Weinan City Linwei District Wangtian Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd. 
 Promotion and application of new agricultural technologies; Professional prevention of plant diseases and insect pests; Sales of plant protection products, plastic mulches, material, chemical fertilizers, pesticides, agricultural medicines, micronutrient fertilizers, hormones, agricultural machinery and medicines, and gardening tools. 
 6,000,000 
 12,000,000 

Aksu Xindeguo Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd.(3) 
 Wholesale and retail sales of pesticides; Sales of chemical fertilizers, packaged seeds, agricultural mulches, micronutrient fertilizers, compound fertilizers, plant growth regulators, agricultural machinery, and water economizers; Consulting services for agricultural technologies; Purchase and sales of agricultural by- products. 
 10,000,000 
 12,000,000 

Xinjiang
 Xinyulei Eco-agriculture Science and Technology Co., Ltd (3) 
 Sales of chemical fertilizers, packaged seeds, agricultural mulches, micronutrient fertilizers, organic fertilizers, plant growth regulators, agricultural machineries, and water economizers; Purchase and sales of agricultural by-products; Cultivation of fruits and vegetables; Consulting services and training for agricultural technologies; Storage services; Sales of articles of daily use, food and oil; On-line sales of the above-mentioned products. 

Total 
 
 37,000,000 
 51,000,000 

(1) 
 The exchange rate between RMB and U.S. dollars on June 30, 2016 was RMB1=US 0.1508, according to the exchange rate published by Bank of China. 

(2) 
 On November 30, 2017, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Jinong, discontinued the strategic acquisition agreements and the series of contractual agreements with the shareholders of Zhenbai. In return, the shareholders of Zhenbai agreed to tender the whole payment consideration in the SAA back to the Company with early termination penalties. The convertible notes paid to Zhenbai s shareholders and the accrued interest had been forfeited. 

(3) 
 On June 2, 2021, the
 Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Jinong, discontinued the strategic acquisition agreements and the series of contractual
 agreements with the shareholders of Xindeguo, Xinyulei and Xiangrong. In return, the shareholders of Xindeguo, Xinyulei and
 Xiangrong agreed to pay cash with amount of RMB26,280,000 (approximately 4,068,144) to the Company. 

2 

January 1, 2017: 

Cash Payment for 
 Principal of Notes for 

Acquisition 
 Acquisition 
 
 Company Name 
 Business Scope 
 (RMB [1] 
 (RMB) 
 
 Sunwu County Xiangrong Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd.(3) 
 Sales of pesticides, agricultural chemicals, chemical fertilizers, agricultural materials; Manufacture and sales of mulches. 
 4,000,000 
 6,000,000 

Anhui Fengnong Seed Co., Ltd. 
 Wholesale and retail sales of pesticides; Sales of chemical fertilizers, packaged seeds, agricultural mulches, micronutrient fertilizers, compound fertilizers and plant growth regulators 
 4,000,000 
 6,000,000 

Total 
 
 8,000,000 
 12,000,000 

(1) 
 The exchange rate between RMB and U.S. dollars on January 1, 2017 was RMB1=US 0.144, according to the exchange rate published by Bank of China. 

(2) On June 2, 2021, the Company,
through its wholly-owned subsidiary Jinong, discontinued the strategic acquisition agreements and the series of contractual agreements
with the shareholders of Xindeguo, Xinyulei and Xiangrong. In return, the shareholders of Xindeguo, Xinyulei and Xiangrong agreed to
pay cash with amount of RMB26,280,000 (approximately 4,068,144) to the Company. 

Pursuant to the SAA and the ACN, the shareholders
of the Targets, while retaining possession of the equity interests and continuing to be the legal owners of such interests, agreed to
pledge and entrust all of their equity interests, including the proceeds thereof (but excluding any claims or encumbrances), and the operations
and management of its business to Jinong, in exchange for an aggregate amount of RMB45,000,000 (approximately 6,966,000), to be paid
by Jinong within three days following the execution of the SAA, ACN and the VIE Agreements, and convertible notes with an aggregate face
value of RMB63,000,000 (approximately 9,752,400), with an annual fixed compound interest rate of 3 and a term of three years. 

The SAA contains representations and warranties
by both Jinong and the shareholders of the Targets, including: 

Should the shareholders of the Targets fail to
satisfy the conditions listed in the exhibit to the SAA, i.e., the entry into the VIE Agreements, or breach of any the representations
or warranties in the SAA, other than the direct and consequential damages that may cause to Jinong, they are to pay RMB100,000 (approximately
 15,480) as liquidated damages. 

The shareholders of the Targets also agreed to
ensure that its management and principal technology employees enter into noncompetition agreements prohibiting them from any direct or
indirect operation or ownership of any business that is in competition with the Targets. 

The shareholders of the Targets also represented
that there are no claims or encumbrances against their interests, as defined in the SAA, and that there are no actions or other legal
proceedings pending against the Targets that would have a material adverse effect on the Target s capacity to fulfill their contractual
obligations. The Targets are to have a minimum of 10 annual compound growth rate (the Growth Rate within the three years
after the closing of the acquisitions (the Closing ). 

Pursuant to the SAA, all the existing employees
continue to be the employees of the Targets after the Closing based on their current employment terms, subject to the decisions of the
new Boards of Directors of the Targets to be formed after the Closing. 

Under the agreements relating to the convertible
notes, each convertible note has a face value of RMB100, with a term of three years and an annual fixed compound interest rate of 3 .
The convertible notes take priority over the preferred stock and common stock of Jinong, and any other class or series of capital stock
Jinong issues in the future, in terms of interest and payments in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Jinong. On
or after the third anniversary of the issuance date of each note (the Maturity Date ), noteholders may convert the notes
into Common Stock of the Company. The noteholders may not convert the notes prior to the Maturity Date. If a note is converted into the
Company s common stock, the noteholder will become a holder of the Company s common stock. 

The per share conversion price of the notes is
the greater of the following: (i) 5.00 per share or (ii) 75 of the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date the
noteholder delivers the conversion notice. 

If the profits of the Targets hit certain levels
of sales set by the parties, i.e., the Growth Rate, Jinong may, at its discretion, convert the notes to (i) cash, (ii) the Company s
common stock, or (iii) to a combination of cash and the Company s common stock, in the amount of the face value of the notes with
compound interest for three years. 

Upon the Maturity Date of the note, the noteholder
can (i) request Jinong to convert all or a part of the note; (ii) continue to hold the note until the holder elects to deliver a conversion
request; however, if the holder chooses to hold the note after the Maturity Date, no interest accrues on the note after the three-year
term. 

3 

In the event that the actions of the Targets or
noteholders materially impair Jinong or if any of the Targets fail to achieve the Growth Rate, Jinong may request noteholders to redeem
the shares they hold of the Targets for (i) an amount represented by the convertible notes including the accrued interest and the cash
payment Jinong made on the Closing of the acquisition and (ii) 15 of the amount under (i) mentioned immediately prior to this item. However,
the noteholder can elect to offset the payment of the interest of the note by the annual increase rate the Targets realizes, despite a
lower rate. 

VIE Structure with the Targets 

Jinong, the Targets, and the shareholders of the
Targets also entered into a series of contractual agreements for the Targets to qualify as variable interest entities or VIEs (the VIE
Agreements ). The VIE Agreements can be summarized as follows: 

Entrusted Management Agreements 

Pursuant to the terms of certain Entrusted Management
Agreements dated June 30, 2016 and January 1, 2017, between Jinong and the shareholders of the sales VIE Companies (the Entrusted
Management Agreements ), the sales VIE Companies and their shareholders agreed to entrust the operations and management of its business
to Jinong. According to the Entrusted Management Agreement, Jinong possesses the full and exclusive right to manage the sales VIE Companies 
operations, assets and personnel, has the right to control all the sales VIE Companies cash flows through an entrusted bank account,
is entitled to the sales VIE Companies net profits as a management fee, is obligated to pay all the sales VIE Companies 
payables and loan payments, and bears all losses of the sales VIE Companies. The Entrusted Management Agreements will remain in effect
until (i) the parties mutually agree to terminate the agreement; (ii) the dissolution of the sales VIE Companies; or (iii) Jinong acquires
all the assets or equity of the sales VIE Companies (as more fully described below under Exclusive Option Agreements ). 

Exclusive Technology Supply Agreements 

Pursuant to the terms of certain Exclusive Technology
Supply Agreements dated June 30, 2016 and January 1, 2017, between Jinong and the sales VIE companies (the Exclusive Technology
Supply Agreements ), Jinong is the exclusive technology provider to the sales VIE companies. The sales VIE companies agreed to pay
Jinong all fees payable for technology supply prior to making any payments under the Entrusted Management Agreement. The Exclusive Technology
Supply Agreements shall remain in effect until (i) the parties mutually agree to terminate the agreement; (ii) the dissolution of the
sales VIE companies; or (iii) Jinong acquires the sales VIE companies (as more fully described below under Exclusive Option Agreements ). 

Shareholder s Voting Proxy Agreements 

Pursuant to the terms of certain Shareholder s
Voting Proxy Agreements dated June 30, 2016 and January 1, 2017, among Jinong and the shareholders of the sales VIE companies (the Shareholder s
Voting Proxy Agreements ), the shareholders of the sales VIE companies irrevocably appointed Jinong as their proxy to exercise on
such shareholders behalf all of their voting rights as shareholders pursuant to PRC law and the Articles of Association of the
sales VIE companies, including the appointment and election of directors of the sales VIE companies. Jinong agreed that it shall maintain
a board of directors, the composition and appointment of which shall be approved by the Board of the Company. The Shareholder s
Voting Proxy Agreements will remain in effect until Jinong acquires all the assets or equity of the sales VIE companies. 

Exclusive Option Agreements 

Pursuant to the terms of certain Exclusive Option
Agreements dated June 30, 2016 and January 1, 2017, among Jinong, the sales VIE companies, and the shareholders of the sales VIE companies
(the Exclusive Option Agreements ), the shareholders of the sales VIE companies granted Jinong an irrevocable and exclusive
purchase option (the Option to acquire the sales VIE companies equity interests and/or remaining assets, but only
to the extent that the acquisition does not violate limitations imposed by PRC law on such transactions. The Option is exercisable at
any time at Jinong s discretion so long as such exercise and subsequent acquisition of the sales VIE companies does not violate
PRC law. The consideration for the exercise of the Option is to be determined by the parties and memorialized in the future by definitive
agreements setting forth the kind and value of such consideration. Jinong may transfer all rights and obligations under the Exclusive
Option Agreements to any third parties without the approval of the shareholders of the sales VIE companies so long as a written notice
is provided. The Exclusive Option Agreements may be terminated by mutual agreements or by 30 days written notice by Jinong. 

4 

Equity Pledge Agreements 

Pursuant to the terms of certain Equity Pledge
Agreements dated June 30, 2016 and January 1, 2017, among Jinong and the shareholders of the sales VIE companies (the Pledge Agreements ),
the shareholders of the sales VIE companies pledged all of their equity interests in the sales VIE companies to Jinong, including the
proceeds thereof, to guarantee all of Jinong s rights and benefits under the Entrusted Management Agreements, the Exclusive Technology
Supply Agreements, the Shareholder Voting Proxy Agreements and the Exclusive Option Agreements. Prior to termination of the Pledge
Agreements, the pledged equity interests cannot be transferred without Jinong s prior written consent. The Pledge Agreements may
be terminated only upon the written agreement of the parties. 

Non-Compete Agreements 

Pursuant to the terms of certain Non-Compete Agreements
dated June 30, 2016 and January 1, 2017, among Jinong and the shareholders of the Targets (the Non-Compete Agreements ),
the shareholders of the Targets agreed that during the period beginning on the initial date of their services with Jinong, and ending
five (5) years after termination of their services with Jinong, without Jinong s prior written consent, they will not provide services
or accept positions (including partners, directors, shareholders, managers, proxies or consultants) with by any profit making organizations
with businesses that may compete with Jinong. They will not solicit or interfere with any of Jinong s customers, or solicit, induce,
recruit or encourage any person engaged or employed by Jinong to terminate his or her service or engagement. 

Jinong acquired the Targets using the VIE arrangement
based on our need to further develop our business and comply with the regulatory requirements under the PRC laws. 

As our business focuses on the production of fertilizer,
all our business activities intertwine with those in the agriculture industry in China. Specifically, we deal with compliance, regulation,
safety, inspection, and licenses in fertilizer production, farmland use and transfer, growing and distribution of agriculture goods, agriculture
basic supplies, seeds, pesticides, and trades of grains. It is an industry in which stringent regulations are implemented and strictly
enforced. In addition, e-commerce, which is also under strict government regulations in the PRC, has lately become a sale and distribution
channel for agricultural products. Currently, we are developing an online platform to connect the physical distribution network we either
own or lease. 

Compared with the regulatory environment in other
jurisdictions, the regulatory environment in the PRC is unique. For example, On August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies promulgated
the Regulation on Merger and Acquisition of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors (the M A Rules ), which became effective
on September 8, 2006. The M A Rules require that an offshore special purpose vehicle controlled directly or indirectly by PRC companies
or individuals and formed for purposes of overseas listing through acquisition of PRC domestic interests held by such PRC companies or
individuals obtain the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC prior to the listing and trading
of such special purpose vehicle s securities on an overseas stock exchange. On September 21, 2006, the CSRC published procedures
regarding its approval of overseas listings by special purpose vehicles. 

For both e-commerce and agriculture industries,
PRC regulators limit the investment from foreign entities and set rules for foreign-owned entities to conduct business. We expect these
limitations on foreign-owned entities will continue to exist in e-commerce and agriculture industries. VIE arrangements, however, provide
feasibility for obtaining administrative approval process and avoiding industry restrictions that may be imposed on an entity that is
a wholly-owned subsidiary of a foreign entity. The VIE agreements reduce uncertainty and the current limitation risk. It is our understanding
that the VIE agreements, as well as the control we obtained through VIE arrangement, are valid and enforceable. We believe that this legal
structure does not violate the known, published, and current PRC laws. While there are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation
and application of PRC Laws and future PRC laws and regulations, and there can be no assurance that the PRC authorities will take a view
that is not contrary to or otherwise different from our belief and understanding stated above, we believe the substantial difficulty that
we experienced previously to conduct business in agriculture as a foreign ownership company can be greatly reduced by the VIE arrangement.
Further, as an integral part of the VIE arrangement, the underlying equity pledge agreements provide legal protection for the control
we obtained. Pursuant to the equity pledge agreements, we have completed the equity pledge processes with the Targets to ensure the complete
control of the interests in the Targets. The shareholders of the Targets are not entitled to transfer any shares to the third party under
the exclusive option agreements. If necessary, they may transfer shares to us without consideration. 

5 

While the VIE arrangement provides us with
the feasibility to conduct our business in the e-commerce and agriculture industries, validity and enforceability of VIE arrangement
is subject to (i) any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally, (ii) possible judicial or administrative actions or any PRC Laws affecting creditors 
rights, (iii) certain equitable, legal or statutory principles affecting the validity and enforceability of contractual rights
generally under concepts of public interest, interests of the State, national security, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing,
and applicable statutes of limitation; (iv) any circumstance in connection with formulation, execution or implementation of any
legal documents that would be deemed materially mistaken, clearly unconscionable, fraudulent, coercive at the conclusions thereof;
and (v) judicial discretion with respect to the availability of indemnifications, remedies or defenses, the calculation of damages,
the entitlement to attorney s fees and other costs, and the waiver of immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from legal
process. Validity and enforceability of VIE arrangements is also subject to risk derived from the discretion of any competent PRC
legislative, administrative or judicial bodies in exercising their authority in the PRC. As a result, there can be no assurance that
any of such PRC Laws will not be changed, amended or replaced in the immediate future or in the longer term with or without
retrospective effect. 

Our History 

The Company was incorporated under the laws of
the state of Kansas on February 6, 1987 under the name Videophone, Inc. The Company had no operations from December 1996 to December 2007.
In October 2007, the Company was reincorporated in the state of Nevada. On December 26, 2007, the Company acquired all the issued and
outstanding capital stock of Green New Jersey, through a share exchange (the Share Exchange ). Because of the Share Exchange,
the Company owns 100 of Green New Jersey. The Share Exchange occurred simultaneously with a private placement of 20,519,255 on December
26, 2007. 

Green New Jersey was incorporated on January 27,
2007 under the laws of the State of New Jersey. On August 24, 2007, Green New Jersey acquired 100 of the outstanding shares of Jinong,
a company incorporated in the PRC on June 19, 2000. 

After the acquisition of Green New Jersey, the
Company changed its name to China Green Agriculture, Inc., effective on February 5, 2008. 

On July 23, 2009, Yuxing became a direct, wholly-owned
subsidiary of Jinong to facilitate the research and development of agricultural products and fertilizers. Effective June 16, 2013, Yuxing
was converted into a PRC domestic enterprise wholly owned by an individual who entered into a series of contractual agreements with Jinong
pursuant to which Yuxing became Jinong s variable interest entity, or VIE. 

On March 9, 2009, the Company s common stock
was listed on the NYSE MKT, formerly known as NYSE Amex Equities under the trading symbol CGA . On December 4, 2009, the
Company voluntarily ceased trading its common stock on the NYSE Amex Equities and transferred its listing to the New York Stock Exchange
on December 7, 2009. The Company s ticker symbol remains CGA . 

On July 2, 2010, the Company, through Jinong,
consummated a transaction to acquire all equity interests of Gufeng and its subsidiary Tianjuyuan. As a result, Gufeng and Tianjuyuan
became wholly-owned subsidiaries of Jinong and indirect subsidiaries of the Company. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company, through its wholly-owned
subsidiary Jinong, entered strategic acquisition agreements and a series of contractual agreements with the shareholders of the following
six companies that are organized under the laws of the PRC and would be deemed as our VIEs: Shaanxi Lishijie Agrochemical Co., Ltd., Songyuan
Jinyangguang Sannong Service Co., Ltd., Shenqiu County Zhenbai Agriculture Co., Ltd., Weinan City Linwei District Wangtian Agricultural
Materials Co., Ltd., Aksu Xindeguo Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd., and Xinjiang Xinyulei Eco-agriculture Science and Technology Co.,
Ltd. 

On January 1, 2017, the Company, through its wholly-owned
subsidiary Jinong, entered into strategic acquisition agreements and a series of contractual agreements with the shareholders of the following
two companies that are organized under the laws of the PRC and would be deemed as our VIEs: Sunwu County Xiangrong Agricultural Materials
Co., Ltd. and Anhui Fengnong Seed Co., Ltd. 

On November 30, 2017, the Company, through its
wholly-owned subsidiary Jinong, discontinued the strategic acquisition agreements and the series of contractual agreements with the shareholders
of Zhenbai. 

On June 2, 2021, the Company, through its wholly-owned
subsidiary Jinong, discontinued the strategic acquisition agreements and the series of contractual agreements with the shareholders of
Aksu Xindeguo Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd., Xinjiang Xinyulei Eco-agriculture
Science and Technology Co., Ltd., and Sunwu County Xiangrong Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd. and Anhui Fengnong Seed Co., Ltd. 

On August 30, 2021, at the Company s annual
shareholder meeting for fiscal year 2020, a majority of the Company s shareholders approved a proposal for the issuance of the Company s
common stock to ten non-US investors in a private placement. The purpose of the stock issuance was to raise fund for expanding the Company s
business into that of blockchain applications including cryptocurrency mining. At the meeting, the Company s majority shareholder
also approved the nomination of Mr. Jian Huang and Mr. Xiaolai Li, who have extensive knowledge and experience within the blockchain and
cryptocurrency industries, to the Company s Board of Directors. 

Our principal executive offices are located at
3 rd Floor, Borough A, Block A. No. 181, South Taibai Road, Xi an, Shaanxi Province, People s Republic of China
710065 and our telephone number is +86-29-88266368. Our website address is www.cgagri.com. The Company routinely posts important information
on its website. 

6 

Our current corporate structure is set forth in the following diagram: 

Yuxing, Lishijie, Jinyangguang, Wangtian, and
Fengnong may also collectively be referred to as the VIE Companies Lishijie, Jinyangguang, Wangtian, and Fengnong may also
collectively be referred to as the sales VIEs 

7 

Industry Analysis 

Fertilizer Market in China 

Influenced by the sluggish demand in domestic
and international fertilizer markets, China s fertilizer market is in a downturn during this fiscal year. In terms of production,
the growth of fertilizer output remained limited during the fiscal year. Meanwhile, large inventories of fertilizer placed downward pressure
on prices. Market prices of the raw material were volatile; the price of fertilizer is uncertain and can be hard to increase. In terms
of domestic consumption, though grain prices increased to some extent, the domestic consumption capacity is limited; as for export, international
markets are depressed continuously, resulting from the declines in export prices. During this fiscal year, the fertilizer industry was
in a downward trend as profits are compressed again and the losses of enterprises are enlarged. Under the pressure of sluggish growth
in the fertilizer market, industrial restructuring, merger and reorganization activity in the industry increased, reducing the number
of enterprises in the market. At the same time, the production equipment and technological level was largely improved: coal-water slurry
gasification technology, powdered coal pressure gasification technology, large sulfur-based compound fertilizer technology and beneficiation
technology of mid-low-grade phosphate were widely used, while new fertilizer products such as slow controlled release fertilizer and microbial
fertilizer have been rapidly developed and resulted in significant market expansion. In the last few years, as the growth of China s
economy has gradually slowed down and the risk of economic downturn therefore exists, the government has adopted various measures to maintain
the growth and the Company needs structural adjustment and growth pattern transformation. 

On the one hand, government s support to
agricultural production includes intensive agricultural investment, subsidies and minimum purchasing price increases for farm products.
China has seen another bumper year of grain production, while increased fertilizer consumption remains highly uncertain. The country has
achieved consecutive years of rising grain harvests since the founding of the People s Republic of China in 1949. As the concentration
of the fertilizer industry is steadily improving, the influence on market from key enterprises have increased, which appeared to help
to ease the weakened market volatility. On the other hand, the current oversupply problem is difficult to relieve. Mechanisms of price
reform for raw materials (such as coal, natural gas, sulfur phosphate ore, etc.) are accelerating, which caused pressure on production
costs. A stricter export tariff policy is expected to last indefinitely, and the external economic situation may limit the operation and
expansion of fertilizer enterprises in international markets. 

The interaction of the above factors complicated
the situation in fertilizer markets since 2017. The overall growth rate of this industry has continually slowed down, and the market has
fluctuated violently. The transformation for China s fertilizer industry from quantitative growth pattern to qualitative growth
pattern is irreversible. The centralization of production, high-end oriented product, service-oriented marketing and market-oriented raw
materials dominated the developments in the fertilizer market. 

Additionally, government support for the agriculture
industry in China can act as an additional boost to the fertilizer industry in China. However, we anticipate organic fertilizers will
become an emerging segment in the coming years, given the additional subsidies for farming, elimination of certain land taxes, and land
reform initiatives to be implemented by the PRC government to promote the growing of organic produce. We believe the demand for fertilizer
will continue to grow because of increase in food demand, decrease in arable land and reduction of crop yields. The demand for fertilizers
nationwide is continuously expected to increase by millions of tons of nutrient, with an expected compound annual growth rate of 7.7 
from 2016 to 2022. 

Organic versus Chemical Fertilizers 

In general, fertilizer products are categorized
into organic and chemical fertilizers. Organic fertilizers can be natural or developed artificially. Natural organic fertilizers include
manure, slurry, worm castings, peat, seaweed, humic acid, brassin and guano. Artificial organic fertilizers include compost, blood meal,
bone meal, humic acid, and are typically supplemented with other nutrient ingredients. Chemical fertilizers normally are composed of synthetic
chemicals such as phosphate and potassium compounds. The primary difference between organic fertilizers and chemical fertilizers is in
the sourcing process of ingredients, as the nutrient contents are largely the same. 

Over the past 20 years, the use of chemical fertilizers
in China substantially increased, but years of use created unintended consequences for the agriculture industry agricultural products
gradually lack certain minerals, since chemical fertilizers applied fell short of natural minerals which made soil infertile. 

In addition, heavy use of chemical fertilizers
can create fertilizer burn, the over-fertilization of a single nutrient such as nitrogen, which can dry roots and suspend
crop growth due to the upset of balance in compound salts and soil acidification. Another drawback caused by chemical fertilizers is that
soil is easily depleted by irrigation, rainfall and flooding. In addition, the production of chemical fertilizers consumes a great deal
of natural resources. For example, the production of synthetic ammonia, a common chemical fertilizer, comprises about 5 of the world s
natural gas consumption. 

Organic fertilizers, on the other hand, improve
the biodiversity and long-term productivity of soil. Organic nutrients increase the abundance of soil organisms by providing organic micronutrients.
Unlike chemical fertilizers, organic fertilizer nutrients are diluted with better solubility. It requires less application on soil to
reach the same result as of chemical fertilizers, which maintains soil fertility and avoid the runoff caused by components like soluble
nitrogen and phosphorus. However, the composition of organic fertilizer is more complex and costly than chemical products. As an alternative
to pure chemical fertilizer use, farmers can also use inorganic fertilizer supplemented with a small portion of organic fertilizers. 

8 

Since the 1980s, China has intensified the use
of chemical fertilizers to increase crop yields. While the increase in crop yield slowed down in recent years, the overuse of chemical
fertilizers also caused many environmental issues ranging from water pollution to soil damage. As a result, the PRC government has been
promoting the use of environmentally friendly green fertilizers, such as humic acid-based organic compound fertilizers and mixed organic-inorganic
compound fertilizers, because they provide crops with incremental yield by adding various nutrients essential to soil. Although being
relatively new to farmers, the demand for these green fertilizers is increasing and we expect this trend to continue in the coming years.
Although we expanded business among other Asian and Southeast Asian countries, the PRC remained our principal market for organic compound
fertilizers and related agricultural products. 

The Green Food Industry in the PRC 

The rise of the PRC industry for food free from
pollutants or harmful chemicals, or green food, raises the demand for organic fertilizers. Green Food, the
certificate for agricultural products promoted by the Chinese Government, is positioned between ordinary agricultural food from common
farming practice and organic food and has two levels: AA Green Food and A Green Food . The AA Green
Food standard indicates products that are equal to those of organic agriculture. Since the market for organic agricultural products
in China has huge potential, it is forecasted that the increase of organic agricultural products consumption in China will exceed that
of the average organic agricultural products consumption in the world in the next few years. The market for Chinese organic agricultural
products reached USD 5 billion in 2015, with an incremental 20 percent increase year over year during the following years. 

With the rapid development of the organic food
industry in China, an increasing number of companies have been entering into the green food sector to utilize market opportunities. In
1990, the PRC Ministry of Agriculture began to promote the production of green food. In 1992, the PRC Ministry of Agriculture established
the China Green Food Development Center (CGFDC) to supervise the development and management of green food at the national and provincial
levels in the PRC. In 1993, the PRC Ministry of Agriculture established regulations for green food labeling; in 1996, a trademark for
green food was registered and put into use in the PRC. 

Crops grown with the use of our products are qualified
for the AA Green Food certificate. As noted above, the AA rating indicates that the crops contain minimal
chemical residue from fertilizers. Although our products are not qualified for the AA Green Food certificate, they are (except
for the products from Gufeng) certified as Green Food Production Material by the CGFDC. 

According to the statistics from the CGFDC, China s
annual output of green food reached 15 million tons in 2008. However, the domestic consumption level remains relatively low, comprising
approximately 3 of the market share of food commodities. The low consumption level is primarily due to: (i) small scale of production
of green food; (ii) lack of consumer awareness of green food and (iii) the presence of counterfeit green food products that adversely
affect consumers perception of green food. 

As described by the CGFDC, the development strategies
for China s green food industry are as follows: first, maintain high quality standards and focus on developing key products; second,
promote and facilitate the industrialization of green food; third, implement an integrated development strategy emphasizing producers,
production base and farmers; fourth, accelerate the pace of development with the aid of the government; and fifth, to carry out an international
development strategy aimed at promoting exports. 

According to the Investment and Forecast Report
on China Green Food Industry 2012-2016 by Research in China, a Chinese market research company, the green food industry is a high growth
industry with significant investment potential. According to the report, leading green food producers will experience huge growth when
they achieve national and provincial agricultural industrialization with the support of favorable government policies and tax incentives. 

Growth Strategy 

We believe that our increased production capacity
and our research and development capability, along with the new sales segment, positions us to benefit from the anticipated growth of
the PRC fertilizer market. We expect to expand sales and grow revenues through the following strategies: 

Expand Capacity
and Diversify Product Offerings. Our current annual fertilizer production capacity is 555,000 metric tons and our production portfolio
of fertilizers includes 690 products. In the future, we will expand our existing production lines, develop new products and acquire certain
PRC fertilizer manufacturers that complement our product lines. 

9 

Capitalize
on Synergies Created by Research and Development Efforts. Regarding the construction of Yuxing s research and development center,
we have established 98 sunlight greenhouses and six intelligent greenhouses. We expect the Yuxing facility to help us shorten
the fertilizer market cycle by providing an advanced testing field for new products which are manufactured by Jinong. In addition, by
making efforts in research and development, we expect to simultaneously facilitate the production of superior agricultural products, such
as flower bulbs, flowers, fruits and vegetables, which would eventually increase revenues. 

Develop new
advanced highly efficient fertilizers . The new fertilizer products represented by slow controlled-release fertilizer, microbial fertilizer
and others, are developed rapidly with high market expansion. Gufeng has signed a cooperation agreement with Anhui Diyuan Biological Technology
Co., LTD Anhui Diyuan to produce the Tianjuyuan controlled-release fertilizer. The objective is to provide
Gufeng with fertilizer agent supplied by Anhui Diyuan to improve the control release effectiveness when producing controlled-release compound
fertilizers. In the agreement, Chinese Academy of Sciences CAS and Anhui Diyuan authorized Gufeng to refer to CAS and
Anhui Diyuan s name in marketing related fertilizer products. We expect that Gufeng s controlled-release compound fertilizer
will have an advantageous position in the market. 

Develop proprietary
sales segment . Our business started and was rooted in fertilizer production. Since 2016, we added a new business segment, the sales
of fertilizer and other agriculture material products, to the existing manufacturing segments. We believe adding this sales segment will
be beneficial to our manufacturing segments: this sales segment can provide supplemental revenue and earnings by covering more market
areas, and selling more products produced by other manufacturers in addition to our own products. In the downstream of fertilizer value
lines, a sales segment can offset the impact on profitability when the demand for our produced fertilizer is softened; it also can mitigate
the counterparty risk for manufacturers when the creditworthiness of a manufacturer s distributor is weakened. Thus, a sales segment
is a natural hedge to manufacturing segments, as it improves product portfolio, customer base, and capital structure. We had been developing
the sales segment mainly by acquiring the control of four established VIE sales ventures to build this new segment rapidly. 

Products 

Our principal products are our own fertilizers,
which consist of liquid, granular and powdered fertilizers and various kinds of compound fertilizers developed to increase crop yields.
We can manufacture 690 fertilizer products from humic acid-based fertilizers to compound fertilizers. In Yuxing, we produce high quality
agricultural products such as fruits, vegetables and flowers for commercial sale. In our sales segment, we sell various products such
as fertilizers, pesticides, and seeds. These products are either manufactured by us or by other manufacturers. 

Fertilizer Products 

Fertilizer manufacturing is our core business,
which accounts for approximately 80.3 of total revenues. The self-manufactured fertilizers are produced and sold through Jinong, Gufeng,
and sales VIEs. We believe that Jinong utilizes one of the most advanced automated humic acid production lines in China. Humic acid is
a complex with natural, organic ingredients essential to make soil fertile. Humic acid-rich material, such as peat, lignite or weathered
coal generating naturally from decomposed plant or animal remains, is one of the major organic constituents for soil composition. Humic
acid exhibits a high capacity for cation exchange (a chemical process in which cations of like charge are exchanged equally between a
solid and a solution), which serves to chelate plant nutrient elements and release them as the plant requires. The chelation process prevents
leaching of nutrients by holding them in the soil solution. Moreover, humic acids can bind soil toxins along with plant nutrients, thereby
strongly stabilizing soil. The regular use of humic acid organic liquid compound fertilizer can effectively reduce the use of chemical
fertilizer, insecticide, herbicide and water. This mechanism contributes to environmental protection by preventing contamination of water
sources caused by runoff. 

In nature, humic acid improves soil structure
and aeration, nutrient absorption and water retention. It also increases soil s buffering capacity against fluctuations in PH levels,
and reduces soil crusting and erosion from wind and water as well as radical toxic pollutants. Humic acid promotes the developing of root
systems, seed germination and overall plant growth. It also enhances health, resilience and overall appearance of plants. We believe there
is no synthetic material currently known to match humic acid s effectiveness and versatility. 

The pure humic acid used in our fertilizers is
distilled and extracted from weathered coal by way of alkaline digestion and acid recrystallization. Our Jinong fertilizers are principally
used as a foliar fertilizer (a liquid, water-soluble fertilizer applied to a plant s foliage by a fine spray, so the plant absorbs
the nutrients through its leaves), through spraying directly on soil or injecting into the irrigation systems. Benefits of using our products
are to stimulate the growth and yield of plants, protecting them from drought, disease and temperature damages while improving soil structure
and fertility. 

Gufeng and Tianjuyuan produce compound fertilizer,
blended fertilizer, organic compound fertilizer, slow-release fertilizers, highly-concentrated water-soluble fertilizers and mixed organic-inorganic
compound fertilizer. Gufeng sells its products under four brands: KEBA , Mei Er An , Huang Cheng Gen 
and SPR HOP, which are all registered trademarks in the PRC. Tianjuyuan s products are marketed under the brands AGR
GFJ and T.J.Y. which are both PRC registered trademarks. 

10 

We have a multi-tiered product line of 690 fertilizer
products, covering humic acid-based compound fertilizer produced through Jinong, and organic/inorganic compound fertilizer through Gufeng. 

During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021, 2020
and 2019, we recorded 200,245,680, 200,185,739, and 237,212,740, respectively, in gross revenues from sales of our fertilizer products,
representing 83.5 , 80.3 , and 80.6 of our total revenues for such periods. Gufeng and Tianjuyuan manufacture a total of 336 fertilizer
products. 49.5 of Gufeng s fertilizer revenue came from humic acid compound fertilizers and 50.5 from compound fertilizer for
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. 

Agricultural Products 

Our subsidiary, Yuxing, one of Jinong s
VIEs, produces top-grade fruits, vegetables, flowers and colored seedlings for commercial sale. The gross revenues from the sale of our
agricultural products for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, were 11,038,666, 9,227,113, and 10,101,051, respectively,
representing 4.6 , 3.7 , and 3.4 of our total revenues, respectively. 

Yuxing was originally established to be the research
and development base for humic acid fertilizers produced by Jinong. By simulating the growing conditions and cycles of various plants,
such as flowers, vegetables and seedlings, Yuxing regularly conducts experimental testing to enhance the efficacy of our new fertilizers. 

Sales Products 

Our sales segment, consisting of four sales VIEs we acquired control
of since 2016, procure various agriculture materials that farmers need, such as, fertilizers, pesticides, seeds, mulches, and soil conditioners
etc., from different manufacturers and wholesalers. In turn, they sell these materials to their customers: farmers, distributors, and
other parties. The gross revenues from the sales segment for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 were 50,125,904, representing 24.4 
of our total revenues. 

Fertilizer Manufacturing Process 

Our production lines employ scientifically-designed
production procedures and strict quality control systems to ensure high quality in our products. These production lines are fully automated
and operated by a central control system with minimal manual input by technicians. The machinery and vats for the line are supplied by
a local medical machinery manufacturer and the automatic control systems were developed by us. Our access management system protects the
proprietary ingredient mixes from any unauthorized use at all time. Our computer server is connected to the electronic scales on each
of the material input bins to ensure that the exact quantity of each element or ingredient is delivered correctly, thus maintaining product
quality and reduce waste. Our production line producing liquid fertilizer and powered fertilizer is centrally controlled by a wireless
panoramic audio and video monitoring system that allows connectivity with mobile terminals such as cell phones. 

In Jinong, we operate a 6,495 square meters (69,911
square feet) facility that manufactures liquid fertilizer products and a 13,803-square meter (148,576 square feet) facility that produces
liquid and highly concentrated (powdered) fertilizers. Jinong s total annual production capacity at these facilities is 55,000 metric
tons. 

In Gufeng and Tianjuyuan, we operate eight manufacturing
facilities located in No. 6 Mafang Logistics Park, Pinggu, Beijing. These facilities produce various kinds of fertilizers and have a total
annual production capacity of 500,000 metric tons. 

The manufacturing techniques utilized by Gufeng
include extruder granulation, rotary drum steam granulation, urea-based spraying granulation and resin-coated sustained release, which
enable Gufeng to effectively meet the production requirements of all different compound fertilizers. To ensure high quality, Gufeng and
Tianjuyuan employ strict quality controls from the raw materials purchases to the products sales to end users. 

We produced and sold a total of approximately
382,905 metric tons of fertilizer products during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. 

11 

Raw Materials and Suppliers 

Fertilizer Products 

Among the three materials utilized to produce
humic acid (weathered coal, lignite and peat), we have chosen weathered coal as a key raw material because it is abundant and economical
for production. We have been sourcing the humic acid from different regions including Shaanxi and Shanxi provinces, and Inner Mongolia
Autonomous Region. 

In addition to weathered coal, we use approximately
50 different components in our production process, including elements such as sodium, calcium, zinc, iron and potassium, all of which
can be readily obtained from local markets. We utilize spectral analysis technology to select raw materials with the best quality, and
we have specially-trained buyers to ensure the consistency of raw materials procured. 

The fertilizer products that Gufeng and Tianjuyuan
manufacture incorporate over 50 different raw materials, including coal, sulfuric acid and NPK (nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium) related
compounds such as amide and hydro nitrogen. Gufeng sources these supplies largely from neighboring provinces and regions, such as Hebei
and Shaanxi provinces, and the Municipality of Beijing, for the economical transportation costs. 

Our products are packaged in bottles, bags and
boxes. Each type of packaging material, along with packaging labels, is readily available for purchase from manufacturers in Shaanxi,
Beijing, Shandong and Zhejiang provinces. 

Agricultural Products 

The plants that generate our top-grade flowers
and multi-colored seedlings are mainly planted and cultivated in research and development facilities maintained by Yuxing. We purchase
seeds of green vegetables and fruits from agricultural companies, such as RijkZwaan Company, which imports the seeds from foreign markets,
including Holland. We cultivate our agricultural products by applying fertilizers produced by Jinong. 

Inventory 

For our fertilizer products, our efficient production
methods allow us to maintain appropriate inventory levels, which keep inventory costs reasonable. We purchase raw materials and packaging
materials based on demands and business forecasts. Products, in various formulas and different batches, with customized volumes, are shipped
to distributors and users after production in response to orders we receive. 

For our agricultural products, we maintain corresponding
inventory to both the anticipated demand from customers and other needs, as we often use certain agricultural products to serve our product
testing base for research and development purposes. 

Seasonality 

The peak season to sell fertilizer products is
from January through June. However, during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, Jinong did not experience significant seasonal variation
with respect to its fertilizer sales since approximately 50.5 of its annual sales revenue occurred in the third fiscal quarter (winter)
and the fourth fiscal quarter (spring). Usually, Gufeng s sales of compound fertilizer undergoes significant seasonal variation
in China. Correspondingly, during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, Gufeng experienced seasonal variation. 65.5 of Gufeng s
annual sales revenue occurred in the third fiscal quarter (winter) and the fourth fiscal quarter (spring). 

The purchase of its raw material, basic fertilizers,
is affected by the supply and demand in the fertilizer market with seasonality. Over non-peak sales season, when the raw material price
is low and economical, Gufeng may choose to place larger orders for raw materials as its export business offsets the seasonality when
exports are made to southern Asia, such as India, where the selling season corresponds to the non-peak season in China. 

The peak selling season for our agricultural products
is from October until March, namely our second fiscal quarter (fall) and the third fiscal quarter (winter). This is primarily due to the
strong demand for high-end fruits and decorative flowers during the holiday seasons. 

12 

Marketing, Distribution and Customers 

Overview 

We currently market our own fertilizer products
to private wholesalers and retailers of agricultural farm products in 22 provinces, 4 autonomous regions and 4 central government-controlled
municipalities in China. For the fiscal year 2021, the following five PRC provinces collectively accounted for 70.6 of our fertilizer
manufacturing revenue: Hebei (32.6 ), Heilongjiang (11.9 ), Liaoning (11.2 ), Inner Mongolia (11.1 and Shaanxi (3.9 ). We believe this
geographically diverse distribution helps us to become a leader in the compound fertilizer market as compared to regional competitors
because we are not heavily dependent on any single geographic area for sales and are able to raise our brand and product awareness nationwide.
We also manufacture our fertilizer products for export through contracted distributors in foreign countries, including India and Africa.
Total revenues from exported products accounted for approximately 0.2 of our total fertilizer revenues in fiscal 2021. 

Our agricultural products are distributed through
various channels in Shaanxi Province and other provinces. Decorative flowers are usually sold through our fertilizer distributors to end-users
such as flower shops, luxury hotels and government agencies. Fruits and vegetables are sold to high-end supermarkets and upscale restaurants.
Seedlings are sold primarily to departments of city planning. 

A multi-tiered product strategy allows us to tailor
our fertilizer products to the needs and preferences of the various geographic regions in China. Our fertilizers can be tailored to different
crops grown in varying climate and soil conditions. For example, climate and rainfall conditions in Southern and Eastern China allow farmers
to grow high margin crops such as fruit and seasonal vegetables. As a result, these farmers are willing to invest in expensive and specialized
fertilizers. In contrast, we market low-cost fertilizers to farmers in the Northwest areas of China due to the inclement weather. 

Our research and development capabilities allow
us to tailor products to meet specific farming needs in considering different factors such as crops species, humidity, weather and soil
conditions. 

The sales segment utilizes each sales VIE s
distribution network to deliver various agriculture materials from upstream providers such as manufacturers and wholesalers to downstream
users and retailers. We aim to expand the sales VIEs network and integrate them together to better meet customer s demands with
improved distribution efficiencies. 

Marketing 

Our marketing staff is trained to closely work
with distributors and customers, including retailers and farmers, providing professional advice on customizing our products to customer
needs and offering agricultural knowledge and other extensive customer support. In addition, our employees educate and communicate with
distributors and customers by regularly organizing training courses on new agricultural techniques. 

Compared with industry norms, we believe our product
development cycle of three to nine months is relatively short. Through our regular collection of market data, including growth records
of a variety of plants cultivated in different soil and climate conditions, together with feedbacks from our end-users, we can conduct
nationwide market analysis, ascertain new product needs, estimate demand and customer demographics and develop new products tailored to
current market needs. 

Although we utilize television advertisements
and mass media, most of our marketing efforts are conducted through joint activities with distributors. Our sales and marketing staff
work with and train distributors and retail clients through lectures and interactive meetings. We emphasize the technological components
of our products to end-users to help them understand the differences in products and how to effectively use them. Word-of-mouth advertising
and sample trials of new products in new areas are also essential components of our marketing efforts. In addition, we have established
nationwide telephone hotlines to answer questions and have constructed an SMS text message platform to allow real-time interaction with
customers. 

13 

Our best-selling self-manufactured fertilizers, based on revenues for
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, are listed below: 

Percent of 

Volume 

Revenues 

Fertilizer 

Ranking 
 
 Product Names 
 
 (Tons) 

(USD) 

Sales 

1 
 
 Organic/Inorganic Compound Fertilizer (humic acid) NPK46 

145,818 

55,855,930 

27.9 

2 
 
 Compound Fertilizer NPK40 

138,465 

47,313,266 

23.6 

3 
 
 Jinong FHF Fertilizer (humic acid) 

43,946 

9,164,281 

4.6 

4 
 
 Jinong Letu Fertilizer (humic acid) 

3,420 

3,545,226 

1.8 

5 
 
 Jinong Chongshifei Fertilizer (humic acid) 

2,224 

3,198,422 

1.6 

COVID-19 Update 

In the fiscal year 2020, the novel coronavirus COVID-19 spread rapidly across the world in the first half year of 2020 and was declared a pandemic by the World Health
Organization. The COVID-19 pandemic impacted our business operations, including our employees, customers, partners, and communities. The
government and private sector responses to contain its spread began to significantly affect our operating businesses in February and March
and adversely affected nearly all our operations in the second quarter, although such effects may vary significantly. The duration and
extent of the effects over longer terms cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. The risks and uncertainties resulting from the pandemic
that may affect our future earnings, cash flows and financial condition include the closure of our various office buildings and facilities
and the long-term effect on the demand for our products and services. Accordingly, significant estimates used in the preparation of our
financial statements including the evaluations of bad debt expense. More information concerning the effects of COVID-19 is included in
Note 22. 

Fertilizer Products 

The fertilizer product market in China is highly
fragmented. Our primary sales strategy is to establish contractual relationships with qualified distributors throughout the country, who,
in turn, will distribute our products to wholesalers and retailers, and ultimately, the farmers. 

As of June 30, 2021, we sold our products through
a nationwide constructed network of about 1,756 distributors covering 22 provinces, 4 autonomous regions and 4 central government-controlled
municipalities in China. 

The distributors sell our products to the smaller,
local wholesale and retail outlets who then sell to the end-users, typically farmers. We do not grant provincial or regional exclusivity
because there is currently no single distributor sufficiently dominant to warrant exclusivity. We enter into non-exclusive written distribution
agreements with chosen distributors that demonstrate their ability in regional sales networks. The distribution agreements do not dictate
distribution quantity because changes in weather and local market could dramatically affect sales quotas. 

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, sales
of our self-manufactured products to our top five distributors accounted for approximately 43.9 of our revenues. As we do not depend
on specific customers, we believe that the loss of single customers would not have any significant effect on our business. 

Agricultural Products 

We distribute our agricultural products through
several networks depending on the type of product. Our top-grade flowers are mainly distributed through our fertilizer distribution network;
our green vegetables and fruits are mainly distributed to a variety of wholesale markets and supermarkets in Xi an, while our multi-colored
seedlings are distributed to the seedling centers and planting companies in China with which we have had long-term cooperation. 

Retail Stores and Authorized Retailers 

We have successfully implemented two marketing
programs in Shaanxi, Hebei, Anhui, Jiangsu and Guangzhou provinces. These marketing programs consist of: (i) establishment of Company
directly-owned retail stores to sell fertilizer products produced by Jinong and Gufeng through the designated sales personnel (the Pilot
Program and (ii) selection of qualified retailers from the Company s distributor base to be designated as authorized retailers.
With the Pilot Program, we have worked closely with our distributors, with each distributor s outlet having an assigned territory
in order not to compete with other existing distributors. We have entered into agreements with these retailers on their exhibits, and
have well-positioned standardized shelf and product displays in their retail stores. In addition, we provide the retailers with educational
materials on proper product use and billboard ads with our product logo to attract target farmers. 

Sales Segment 

Strategically, supplemental to our manufacturing business, we added
a new business segment, the sales of fertilizer and other agriculture material products, to our business since 2016. The sales segment
had provided supplemental revenue and earnings by covering more market areas, and selling more products not only produced by ourselves
but also by other manufacturers. We had been developing the sales segment mainly by acquiring control of established sales ventures and
continue to grow them. The sales segment utilizes the distribution network acquired from the sales ventures to deliver various agriculture
materials. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, the sales segment sold 50,125,904 of agriculture materials, and accounted for 21.7 
of our revenues. 

14 

Research and Development 

We conduct the bulk of our research and development
activities through Yuxing. Through Yuxing, we cultivate high-quality flowers, green vegetables and fruits in our own greenhouses and sell
them to various end-users, including airlines, hotels and restaurants. Yuxing operates advanced research and development facilities that:
(i) provide testing and an experimental data collection base for new fertilizers produced by Jinong by simulating the growing conditions
and development stages of a variety of plants, such as flowers, vegetables and seedlings, and (ii) increase our capability to produce
more products while shortening the new product development cycle, which allows us to release products to market quickly, thus increasing
revenues and market share. In addition, our research and development capabilities allow us to develop products tailored to specific farming
needs generated by different crop species, humidity, weather and soil conditions. Flowers, fruits and vegetables grown from experimental
testing of Jinong s humic acid compound fertilizers are of high quality and are sold to local supermarkets and airline companies. 

The capital expenditure and other payments on
Yuxing s construction, net of accumulated depreciation, were approximately 8,295,772, 8,414,911 and 9,624,639 during the fiscal
years ending of June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The research and development center helps expand our output of high-quality
agricultural products for commercial sale while providing an advanced testing field for new products. The facility at Yuxing enhances
our capability to produce more products while shortening the development cycle, thus increasing revenues and market share. In addition
to developing new humic acid-based fertilizer products, we plan to develop other agricultural derivatives such as humic-acid based organic
pesticides, which can provide additional revenue sources. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, we sold approximately 11,038,666 of
these agricultural products. 

FY 2021 
 FY 2020 
 FY 2019 
 
 Machines, Buildings and Equipment 
 8,198,256 
 8,355,336 
 9,563,328 
 
 Construction in Progress 
 97,516 
 59,575 
 61,301 
 
 Total 
 8,295,772 
 8,414,911 
 9,624,639 

New Products 

With our research and development capabilities,
we have developed 690 products and continue to develop new products. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, we developed ten new
products of liquid fertilizers. 

In addition to developing new fertilizer products,
we also developed soilless seeding and breeding of colored-leaf plants, rare flowers and new species of fruits and vegetables. 

Intellectual Property 

We hold the following trademarks registered with
the PRC Trademark Offices of National Industrial and Commerce Administrative Bureau (the PRC Trademark Offices ): 

Trademark 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 
 Valid
 term 
 
 Huang Cheng Gen 
 
 No.5219720 
 
 June 28, 2019 to June 27,
 2029 
 
 Mei Er An 
 
 No.1508004 
 
 January 21, 2021 to January
 20, 2031 
 
 KEBA 
 
 No.10045980 
 
 December 07, 2012 to December
 06, 2022 
 
 KEBA 
 
 No.10046405 
 
 December 14, 2012 to December
 13, 2022 
 
 KEBA 
 
 No.10045898 
 
 March 07, 2013 to March
 06, 2023 
 
 KEBA 
 
 No.10046344 
 
 March 07, 2013 to March
 06, 2023 
 
 AGR GFJ 
 
 No.3320281 
 
 May 28, 2014 to May 27,
 2024 
 
 SPR HOP 
 
 No.3320282 
 
 May 28, 2014 to May 27,
 2024 
 
 T.J.Y 
 
 No.3320283 
 
 May 28, 2014 to May 27,
 2024 
 
 KEBA 
 
 No.760379 
 
 August 14, 2005 to August
 13, 2025 

A registered trademark is protected in China
for a term of 10 years, and is renewable for another 10-year term under the PRC trademark law if the renewal application is submitted
to the PRC Trademark Offices within 6 months prior to the expiration of the previous term. 

15 

Listed below are Jinong s four patents for
a fertilizer formulation and a proprietary production line and manufacturing processes. 

Inventor s 

Date of 
 
 Patent/Pending 

Patent No. 
 
 Name and 
 
 Date of 
 
 Publication and 
 
 Patent Application 
 
 Type of Patent 
 
 /Application No. 
 
 Patent Holder 
 
 Application 
 
 Term 
 
 Patent: 
 
 Utility Model 
 
 Application No.: 
 
 Applicant: 
 
 February 1, 2007 
 
 November 24, 
 
 Method and recipe of the water-soluble humic acid fertilizers 
 
 Patent 
 
 ZL200710017334.x 
 
 Jinong 

2010; 
20 years 

Patent: 
 
 Utility Model 
 
 Application No.: 
 
 Applicant: 
 
 September 22, 2011 
 
 December 4, 2013; 
 
 Production method of Organic Fertilizer 
 
 Patent 
 
 ZL201110282544.8 

Jinong 

20 years 

Patent: 
 
 Utility Model 
 
 Application No.: 
 
 Applicant: 

August 15, 2013 
 
 February 11, 2015; 
 
 Method and recipe of the water-soluble high concentration humic acid fertilizers 
 
 Patent 
 
 ZL201310357167.9 

Jinong 

20 years 

Patent: 
 
 Utility Model 
 
 Application No.: 
 
 Applicant: 
 
 January 17, 2014 
 
 April 08, 2015; 
 
 Production method of Multifunctional liquid calcium fertilizer 
 
 Patent 
 
 NL 201410020442.2 
 
 Jinong 

20 Years 

The PRC Patent Law was adopted by the PRC National
People s Congress in 1984 and was subsequently amended in 1992 and 2000. Under the PRC Patent Law, an invention patent is valid
for a term of 20 years and a utility or design patent is valid for a term of 10 years. Both of our registered patents are utility patents.
Any use of our patent without consent or a proper license from us constitutes an infringement of patent rights. 

In addition to trademark and patent protection
in China, we also rely on contractual confidentiality provisions to protect our brand and intellectual property rights. To safeguard these
rights our research and development personnel and executive officers are subject to confidentiality agreements. They are also subject
to a non-competition covenant following the termination of employment. They also agree that all work products belong to us. Moreover,
we take steps to limit the number of personnel involved in the production process and, instead of disclosing fertilizer ingredients to
employees, we refer to the ingredients by numbers. 

Competitive Strengths 

We believe our products possess the following
competitive advantages which enable us to compete in the PRC fertilizer market. 

Nation-wide sales network . In the highly
fragmented Chinese fertilizer market, we have established our own distribution channels with private distributors that sell our products
to retail stores and farmers throughout China. We have over 1,756 distributors nationwide across 22 provinces, 4 autonomous regions and
4 central government-controlled municipalities in China. Most of our competitors do not have a sales team as large as ours that specializes
in the sale of compound fertilizer products. Moreover, we believe the regional strengths of Gufeng s distribution network have expanded
and will continue to expand our sales coverage to certain cities and counties as well as foreign markets. 

16 

Strong Research and Development . Our research
and development are managed effectively. Typically, it takes only three to nine months from the decision to develop a new product to mass
production, which ensures product flow and helps to maintain market share. Our strong research and development department is based on
our intelligent greenhouse facilities. The advanced equipment and soil-free techniques in such facilities simulate the natural environment
in different areas and control selected factors. Since most of Jinong s experimental work is conducted in Yuxing s greenhouse
facilities, thereby speeding up development cycles, we can reduce costs without sacrificing accurate results. During the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2021, we generated approximately 11,038,666 revenue from sales of Yuxing s agricultural products, and we anticipate that
this source of revenue will grow in the future. We have built 98 sunlight greenhouses and six intelligent greenhouses on an 88-acre parcel
of land relating to Yuxing s pending research and development center, which expands output of high-quality agricultural products
for commercial sale while providing an advanced testing field for new products. 

Gufeng and Tianjuyuan have developed seven technologies: 

(1) 
 Drying fan for urea-based compound fertilizer; 

(2) 
 Heat balance control system for flexible compound fertilizer; 

(3) 
 Automatic control system for the anti-block of compound fertilizer; 

(4) 
 Water control technology for low nitrogen, low potassium and high phosphorus compound fertilizer; 

(5) 
 Manufacturing technology for salt-alkaline resistance and soil improvement of compound fertilizer (The company won the third prize for Progress in Science and Technology in Pinggu District Beijing with this technology); 

(6) 
 Manufacturing technology for compound HA fertilizer with high density (NPK 51 ); and 

(7) 
 Manufacturing technology for the sustained release of blending and compound fertilizer. 

While we believe our greenhouse facilities provide
us with a competitive advantage over the competitors, some of them may still have better understanding in certain local markets where
they have successfully marketed products over a period and have developed specifically formulated fertilizers for local plants,
soil and climate conditions. To enhance our competitiveness, we will seek to diversify our fertilizers to benefit a wider range of plants
and soil conditions. 

Well-known Brands . We believe customers
have strong brand recognition and make purchase decisions accordingly. Jinong , KEBA and T.J.Y. 
are registered trademarks and are well recognized by end users; in addition, certain large national fertilizer traders, such as Sinoagri
Holding Company Limited, one of the largest domestic fertilizer traders in China, had strong brand preference for Gufeng s fertilizer
products. Gufeng sells its products under four brands, namely KEBA , Mei Er An , Huangchenggen 
and SPR HOP . Tianjuyuan s products are marketed under the brands AGR GFJ and T.J.Y. The
primary products sold under the Gufeng and Tianjuyuan brands include organic/inorganic compound fertilizer (humic acid) with NPK 
40 , and organic /inorganic compound fertilizer (humic acid) with NPK 48 . 

Automated Production Line and Process .
All Jinong s major production procedures are controlled by a centralized computer system only accessible by authorized personnel.
Jinong s production lines are fully automated to ensure that content in each product is measured exactly according to its recipe
by linking the computer server with the electronic weights on each material input bin. In addition, spectral analysis is used to accurately
check the composition of materials. During the fiscal year 2021, Jinong s highly advanced production lines can manufacture a multi-tiered
line of 103 fertilizer products, and we believe that Jinong s production lines are among the few advanced lines in the Chinese industry.
As mentioned above, we have patent protection for Jinong s two proprietary production lines, one of which has medical grade production
equipment with precise quality control, and the other can produce liquid, powder and granular fertilizers. We currently have an annual
production capacity of 555,000 metric tons. 

17 

Competition 

Fertilizer Products 

Based on our internal estimates, there are approximately
2,000 organic fertilizer manufacturers in China, with no discernible market leaders in the sector. We believe our competitors are currently
comprised of approximately 90 small-sized local manufacturers and 10 large national manufacturers. We believe we are among the large
national fertilizer manufacturers. 

Gufeng s primary competitor is Stanley Fertilizer
Co., Ltd. Stanley ), a compound fertilizer manufacturer based in Linyi, Shandong Province, which was listed on Shenzhen
Stock Exchange (China) in June 2011. Stanley manufactures various kinds of compound fertilizers and tailored fertilizers which directly
compete with Gufeng. 

The smaller competitors are generally producers
of amino acid compound fertilizers, which are very price competitive. 

However, lacking adequate quality or process control
technologies, these companies often sell products with inconsistent quality. 

The Chinese fertilizer market has been fully opened
to foreign companies since China s entry into the World Trade Organization in December 2006. Accordingly, the PRC government has
increased its fertilizer import quota and, since January 2007, has reduced the import tariffs on foreign fertilizer to 1 . However, foreign
fertilizers are generally more expensive than PRC manufactured fertilizers and are not customized to soil conditions influenced by China s
diverse climate and terrains. 

Agricultural Products 

The competitive market of our agriculture products
varies among our three main products: Top-grade flowers, green vegetables and fruits, multi-colored seedlings. 

Top-grade Flowers : The growers in the flowers
and flower seedlings businesses are largely locally based. We believe that our flower products have comparative advantages in terms of
the advanced technologies we apply, the superior species of the seedlings we select and the efficiency and stability due to strict quality
control. In addition, our greenhouse facilities enable us to produce flower seedlings year-round. 

Green Vegetables and Fruits : Our competitors
are primarily the vegetable planting centers and planters in Shaanxi, Shandong and Gansu provinces that produce vegetables such as cucumbers
and peppers. With the aid from our green fertilizers that improve soil conditions and limit bacterial growth, our competitive advantage
lies in the advanced greenhouse facilities which contribute to the pollution-free end products. 

Multi-colored Seedlings : In the market
of Multi-colored seedlings, one of our competitors is Kunming Anthura Horticulture Co., Ltd. Some of our products, such as red photiniaserrulata,
are also imported from other countries with high survival rates. 

Government Regulation 

Our business operations are subject to various
laws, including environmental, health and workplace safety laws issued by governmental agencies on the provincial and state levels. Business
and company registrations, along with the products, are monitored through the issuance of licenses and certificates including the following: 

Green Certification . Except
for those manufactured by Gufeng and Tianjuyuan, all our fertilizer products are certified by the CGFDC as Green Food Production
Material . Currently, the CGFDC provides two different certifications within the green food industry: Green Food Certification 
granted to edible foods, and Green Food Production Material Certification granted to production materials such as our fertilizers.
A Green Food Production Material Certification was issued to Jinong in March 2015 and renewed in 2018 and 2021. The certificate
is renewable with an application within 90 days prior to the expiration. 

Operating license. Our operating license
enables us to (1) undertake research and development, production, sales and services of humic-acid liquid fertilizer, (2) sell pesticides,
and (3) export and import products, technology and equipment. Jinong s license (Registration No. 610000100003655) is valid until
August 8, 2057, and the license is renewable. Gufeng and Tianjuyuan maintain valid operating licenses with expiration dates of August
1, 2043 (for the license with Registration No. 110000008250498) and August 7, 2021 (for the license with Registration No.110117003157142),
respectively. 

Fertilizer Registration. Fertilizer registration
is issued by the Ministry of Agriculture of the PRC and is required for producing fertilizers. There are two kinds of registrations: interim
registration and formal registration. The interim registration is valid for one year and applies to fertilizers in the stages of in-the-field
testing and test selling; fertilizers that have completed in-the-field testing and test selling must obtain formal registration, which,
if granted, is valid for five years, and thereafter must be renewed every five years. Jinong currently holds 16 formal fertilizer registration
certificates. Gufeng and Tianjuyuan hold 11 interim fertilizer certificates and 259 formal certificates. 

As of the date of this Report, we believe we are
in material compliance with all registrations and requirements for the issuance and maintenance of all licenses required to conduct our
businesses and operations. 

18 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Investing in our securities involves risk.
Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the following information about these risks, together with the other
information contained in this Report. Our business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected by any of
these risks, which could result in a decline in the market price of our securities, causing you to lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

The industry in which we do business is highly
fragmented and competitive and we face competition from numerous fertilizer manufacturers in China and elsewhere. 

We compete with numerous local Chinese fertilizer
manufacturers. Although we may have greater resources than many of our competitors, most of which are small local fertilizer companies,
it is possible that these competitors have better access in certain local markets, an enhanced ability to customize products to certain
regions and better-established local distribution channels. We also compete with large national competitors in the PRC. Although we have
advanced automated humic acid-based fertilizer production lines and greenhouse supported research and development centers, we cannot assure
that such large competitors will not develop their own similar production or research and development facilities. Further, China s
access into the World Trade Organization has led to increased foreign competition for us. International producers and traders import products
into China that generally are of higher quality than those produced by the local Chinese manufacturers. If they are localized and become
familiar with fertilizers we produce, we may face additional competition. If we are not successful in our research, development and production
of new products and/or in our marketing and advertising efforts to increase awareness of our brands, our revenues could decline, which
might have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and share price. 

Our major competitors may be able to endure downturns
in our industrial sector more than we are. When facing reduced demand for our products, we can either choose to maintain market share
by reducing selling prices to meet competition, or to maintain the prices while sacrificing a portion of market share. Our overall profitability
likely would be reduced in either case. In addition, we cannot assure you that additional competitors will not enter our existing markets,
or that we will be able to compete successfully against existing or new competitors. 

If we are unable to design, manufacture, and
market fertilizer products in a timely and efficient manner, we may not remain as competitive . 

Many of our fertilizer products are characterized
by short product development cycles as they target the unique climate and soil conditions where our customers are located. Accordingly,
we devote a substantial amount of resources to product development. To compete successfully, we must develop new and/or improved fertilizer
products that cater to customer needs. New fertilizers may not be easily developed. As a result, we may experience performance difficulties,
which may result in delays, setbacks and cost overruns. Our inability to develop and offer new and/or improved fertilizer products or
to achieve customer acceptance of these products could limit our ability to compete in the market or to grow revenues at a desired rate. 

19 

Our proprietary fertilizer formula may become
obsolete or be unintentionally disclosed to competitors, which could materially adversely affect the competitiveness of our future fertilizer
products. 

Our proprietary fertilizer formula is the base
for producing our fertilizer. Our future success will depend upon our ability to address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our customers
by supplying existing humic acid fertilizer products and by developing new products on a timely basis that keep pace with the evolving
industry standards and changing customer requests. If our proprietary formula becomes obsolete because our competitors develop better
products, our future business and financial results could be adversely affected. In addition, although we have entered into confidentiality
agreements with key employees, we cannot assure that if there is a breach of such agreement by an employee, we would not lose any competitive
advantage that we currently have with respect to our proprietary fertilizer formula. If we are forced to take legal action to protect
our proprietary formula, we will incur significant expense, and a favorable outcome cannot be guaranteed. 

If our warehouse selling and credit sales of
certain fertilizer products continue to increase and we fail to collect the accounts receivables that are due in a timely manner, our
financial condition and results of operation may be materially adversely affected. 

We had accounts receivable of 102,783,004 as
of June 30, 2021, as compared to 99,052,071 and 145,190,160 as of June 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively, decreases of 7,331,463 and
decreases of 39,496,834, or 6.9 and 27.2 year over year. The decreases were primarily due to discontinuing sales VIEs Xindeguo, Xinyulei
and Xiangrong. 

We offer a tentative credit period up to 180 days
to our customers. Although we perform routine assessment of our customers creditworthiness, evaluate the structure and collectability
of accounts receivable and provide an allowance for doubtful accounts when necessary, we may not be able to receive or collect payment
for our products on time or at all if our customers encounter difficulties in their businesses. Any such failure may have a material adverse
impact on our financial condition and results of operation. 

Our concentration of customers could have a material adverse effect
on us. 

Gufeng s top five distributors accounted
for 79.5 of its revenues, with its largest distributor accounting for 16.6 of total revenues for the 2021 fiscal year. Jinong s
top five distributors accounted for 3.1 of its fertilizer revenues for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. If those major customers
reduce or discontinue their product purchases from us and we are unable to find their replacements, it will adversely affect our results
of operations. 

If we fail to adequately protect or enforce
our intellectual property rights, we may be exposed to intellectual property infringement and the value of our intellectual property rights
could diminish. 

Our success, competitive position and future revenues
will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection for our products, methods, processes and other technologies,
to preserve our trade secrets, to prevent third parties from infringing on our proprietary rights and to operate without infringing the
proprietary rights of third parties. 

Jinong is the holder of four registered patents.
The first patent is a fertilizer formulation named Method and Recipe of the Water-Soluble Humic Acid Fertilizers. The second
patent, Production Facility of Humic Acid Products, relates to our proprietary production line and manufacturing processes
in the PRC. The third patent is Production Method of Organic Fertilizer. The fourth patent is Production method of
Multifunctional liquid calcium fertilizer. Gufeng and Tianjuyuan do not have patents but currently possess seven proprietary technologies.
However, we cannot predict the degree and range of protection patents and confidentiality agreements with respect to proprietary technologies
will defend us against competitors. Third parties may find ways to invalidate or otherwise circumvent our patents and proprietary technologies.
Third parties may attempt to obtain patents claiming aspects like our patent applications. We cannot assure you that our current or potential
competitors do not have, and will not obtain, patents that will prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use or sell our
products in the PRC. 

If we need to initiate litigation or administrative
proceedings, such actions may be costly and may divert management attention as well as consume other resources which could otherwise have
been devoted to our business. An adverse determination in any such litigation will impair our intellectual property rights and may harm
our business, prospects and reputation. In addition, historically, implementation of PRC intellectual property-related laws has been lacking,
primarily because of ambiguities in the PRC laws and difficulties in enforcement. Accordingly, intellectual property rights and confidentiality
protections in China may not be as effective as those in the United States or other countries, which increases the risk that we may not
be able to adequately protect our intellectual property. Moreover, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual
property rights. Future litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of our management s attention and resources,
and could disrupt our business, as well as have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Given
the relative unpredictability of China s legal system and potential difficulties enforcing court judgments in China, there is no
guarantee that we would be able to halt any unauthorized use of our intellectual property through litigation. 

20 

If we infringe on the intellectual property
rights of third parties, we could be prevented from selling products, forced to pay damages and compelled to defend against claims by
third parties, which, if successful, could cause us to pay significant damage awards and incur other costs. 

Our success also depends in large part on our
ability to use and develop our technology and know-how without infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties. As litigation
becomes more common in the PRC in resolving commercial disputes, we face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement
claims. The validity and scope of claims relating to humic acid fertilizer production technology and related devices and machine patents
involve complex technical, legal and factual questions and analysis and, therefore, may be highly uncertain. Also, the defense and prosecution
of intellectual property suits, patent opposition proceedings and related legal and administrative proceedings can be both costly and
time consuming and may significantly divert the efforts and resources of our technical and management personnel. An adverse determination
in any such litigation or proceedings to which we may become a party could subject us to significant liability, including damage awards
to third parties, require us to seek licenses from third parties (which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all),
to pay ongoing royalties, or to redesign our products or subject us to injunctions preventing the manufacture and sale of our products.
Protracted litigation could also result in our customers or potential customers deferring or limiting their purchase or use of our products
until resolution of such litigation. 

Disruptions in the supply of raw materials
used in our products could cause us to be unable to meet customer demand in a timely manner, which could result in the loss of customers
and net sales or could result in a lower profit margin for us. 

Jinong is supplied with approximately fifty different
types of raw materials, of which weathered coal is the primary one as it is the raw material from which humic acid is extracted and applied
to the manufacturing of our products. Although there are numerous weathered coal suppliers available in the market, we have been using
Inner Mongolia Tianlibao Fertilizer Co., Ltd. Tianlibao as our main supplier of weathered coal because of the abundance
and high quality of weathered coal in the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. Our supply agreement with Tianlibao is renewed monthly. If
Tianlibao does not intend to renew the supply agreement with us for any reason, or if there are any business interruptions at Tianlibao
and we are unable to locate an alternative supplier in a timely manner or on the same terms, we may not be able to meet customer demand
for humic acid-based fertilizers in a timely manner or maintain our standards of quality for humic acid-based fertilizers during the transitional
period, which may result in the loss of customers and net sales or we may not be able to keep our profit margin as before for our humic
acid-based fertilizers. 

Gufeng and Tianjuyuan are supplied with over fifty
types of raw materials from a diversified pool of suppliers. Neither Gufeng nor Tianjuyuan are dependent on any single supplier for its
raw materials; however, if we experience a significant increase in demand or if we need to replace any of these suppliers, we cannot be
assured that the adequate supply of raw materials or a replacement supplier will be acquired in a timely manner to avoid any material
adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition. 

Any significant fluctuation in our production costs may have a material
adverse effect on our operating results. 

The prices for the raw materials and other inputs
to manufacture our fertilizer products are subject to market forces largely beyond our control, including the price of weathered coal,
energy costs, mineral and non-mineral elements, and freight costs. The costs for these inputs may fluctuate significantly based upon changes
in the economy and markets. Although we may pass any increase of such costs to our customers, in the event we are unable to do so, we
could incur significant losses and a diminution of our share price. 

We do not presently maintain business disruption
insurance. Any disruption of the operations in our factories would damage our business. 

Our operations could be interrupted by fire, flood,
earthquake and other events beyond our control for which we do not carry adequate insurance. While we have property damage insurance and
automobile insurance, we do not carry business disruption insurance, which is not readily available in China. Any disruption of the operations
in our factories would have a significant negative impact on our ability to manufacture and deliver products, which would cause a potential
diminution in sales, the cancellation of orders, damage to our reputation and potential lawsuits. 

We do not presently maintain product liability
insurance, and our property and equipment insurance does not cover the full value of our property and equipment, which leaves us with
exposure in the event of loss or damage to our properties or claims filed against us. 

We currently do not carry any product liability
or other similar insurance. We cannot assure that we would not face liability in the event of the failure of any of our products. We also
cannot assure you that, especially as China s domestic consumer economy and industrial economy continues to expand, product liability
exposure and litigation will not become more commonplace in the PRC, or that we will not face product liability exposure or actual liability
as we expand our sales into international markets where product liability claims could be more prevalent. 

21 

The occurrence of any acts of God, war, terrorist
attacks and other emergencies which are beyond our control may have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial
condition . 

Acts of God, war, terrorist attacks and other
emergencies which are beyond our control may have a material adverse effect on the economy and infrastructure in the PRC and on the livelihood
of the Chinese population. Our business operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected should such events
occur. We cannot give assurance that any acts of God such as floods, earthquakes, drought or any war, terrorist attack or other hostilities
in any part of the PRC or even the world, potential or threatened, will not, directly or indirectly, have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and operating results. 

If we cannot renew our fertilizer registration
certificates, we will be unable to sell some or all our products. If we do not receive the formal fertilizer registration certificates
for our new products, upon the expiration of the temporary registration certificates, we cannot continue to produce such new products. 

All fertilizers produced in China must be registered
with the PRC Ministry of Agriculture. No fertilizer can be manufactured without such registration. There are two kinds of registrations:
interim registration and formal registration. The interim registration is valid for one year and applies to fertilizers in the stages
of in-the-field testing and test selling. Fertilizers that have completed in-the-field testing and test selling must obtain formal registration,
which is valid for five years, and thereafter must be renewed each five years. Jinong has 16 formal registration certificates. Gufeng
and Tianjuyuan have 19 interim fertilizer certificates and 259 formal certificates. We plan to apply for formal certificates for each
of our interim certificates before the applicable expiration dates. 

Our belief is that the PRC Ministry of Agriculture
generally grants an application for renewal in the absence of illegal activity by the applicant. However, there is no assurance that the
PRC Ministry of Agriculture will grant renewal of our formal Fertilizer Registration Certificates. If we cannot obtain the necessary renewal,
we will not be able to manufacture and sell such fertilizer products without certificates, which will cause the termination of commercial
operations for such fertilizer products. With respect to the transformation of the interim fertilizer registration certificates to formal
fertilizer registration certificates, we believe that we can receive formal fertilizer registration certificates for our 19 interim fertilizer
registration certificates in due course; however, if the government imposes additional burden on the application procedure or put temporary
suspension on its certificate granting process due to any unexpected incidents in China, we cannot assure that our formal fertilizer registration
certificates can be obtained without delay or can be obtained at all, in which case our production could be adversely affected. 

We may not possess all the licenses required
to operate our business, or may fail to maintain the licenses we currently hold. This could subject us to fines and other penalties, which
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

In addition to a fertilizer registration certificate,
we are required to hold a variety of other permits, licenses and certificates to conduct our business in China. We may not possess or
receive all the permits, licenses and certificates required for our business or for which application has been made. In addition, there
may be circumstances under which the approvals, permits, licenses or certificates granted by the governmental agencies are subject to
change without substantial notice in advance. If we fail to obtain or to maintain such permits, licenses or certificates or renewals are
granted with onerous conditions, we could be subject to fines and other penalties and be limited in the number or the quality of the products
that we would be able to offer. As a result, our business, result of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely
affected. 

22 

Potential environmental liability could have a material adverse
effect on our operations and financial condition. 

Our manufacturing operations are subject to numerous
laws, regulations, rules and specifications relating to the environment, including, among others, the Integrated Emission Standard of
Air Pollutants GB 16297-1996 and the Standard of Environmental Noise of Urban Area GB 3096-93. Failure to comply with any laws and regulations
and future changes to them may result in significant consequences to us, including civil and criminal penalties, liability for damages
and negative publicity. Our business and operating results may be materially and adversely affected if we were to be held liable for violating
existing environmental regulations or if we were to incur significant expenditures to comply with environmental regulations affecting
our operations. 

Our success depends on our management team and other key personnel,
the loss of any of whom could disrupt our business operations. 

We depend, to a large extent, on the abilities
and participation of our current management team, with a reliance upon Mr. Zhuoyu Li, our CEO and Chairman of the
Board of Directors. The loss of the services of Mr. Li, for any reason, may have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects.
We do not carry key man life insurance for our key personnel. 

The agricultural chemicals business is specialized
and requires the employment of personnel with significant scientific and operational experience in the industry. Accordingly, we must
attract, recruit and retain a sizeable workforce of technically and scientifically competent employees. Our ability to effectively implement
our business strategy will depend upon, among other factors, the successful recruitment and retention of additional management and other
key personnel that have the necessary scientific, technical and operational skills and experience with the fertilizer industry. These
individuals are difficult to find in the PRC and we may not be able to retain such skilled employees. If we are unable to hire individuals
with the requisite experience, we may not be able to produce enough products to optimize profits, and the research and development initiatives
may be delayed which will negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and share price. 

Mr. Zhuoyu Li, our Chairman and CEO may not
devote all his time to our business. 

Our Chairman and CEO, Mr. Zhuoyu
Li, also serves as Chairman of Xi an Techteam Science Technology Industry (Group) Co. Ltd., a company engaged in hi-tech application
fields in China, and Chairman and CEO of Xi an Techteam Investment Holding (Group) Co., Ltd, a holding company for certain entities
such as Gem Grain. This may give rise to further allocation of Mr. Li s time to each business. While Mr. Li anticipates having sufficient
time to devote to our business, a lack of adequate time spent by him on our business may adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and share price. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. As a result, current and
potential investors could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could harm our business and have an adverse effect on our
stock price. 

Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, we are required to annually furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting. Such report
must contain, among other matters, an assessment by our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer on the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting, including a statement as to whether our internal control over financial reporting is
effective as of the end of our fiscal year. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weakness in our internal control over
financial reporting identified by management. Performing the system and process documentation and evaluation needed to comply with Section
404 is both costly and challenging. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented
or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls
over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We cannot provide assurance that we will not
fail to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment on an ongoing basis, which may cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information and have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 

23 

We are responsible for the indemnification of our officers and directors. 

Our Bylaws provide for the indemnification of
our directors, officers, employees, and agents, under certain circumstances, against costs and expenses incurred by them in any litigation
to which they become a party arising from their association with or activities on our behalf. Consequently, we may be required to expend
substantial funds to satisfy these indemnity obligations. 

Our inability to effectively improve the financial
performance of Gufeng may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

While Gufeng had sales revenues of 110,834,918,
for its fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, Gufeng s net income for such period was (93,878,370). This was primarily due to the lower
profit margins on Gufeng s products, inefficiencies in production and daily operations and negative working capital. In addition,
rising transportation costs passed on by Gufeng s distributors may further erode margins on Gufeng s products. As Gufeng is
based in Beijing, it is susceptible to rising costs of labor common in large cities such as Beijing, which may make it difficult for us
to expand the workforce of Gufeng and Tianjuyuan to meet our strategic goals 

Although we have made progress in terms of integrating
Gufeng s employees, products and distribution network into our business during the past 12 months, there is no assurance that we
will be able to continue effectively to do so, which may result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

We have not obtained the land use right over
the premises on which certain facilities of Gufeng, our indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary, is located. As a result, the lack of a proper
title certificate may jeopardize our right to use the premises and our possession of the buildings we built on such premises. 

Through Tianjuyuan, we rent approximately 47,333
square meters (509,488 square feet) of land in the Ping Gu District of Beijing (the Premises ). Under the rental agreement
dated February 16, 2004 with the village committee of Dong Gao Village and Zhen Nan Zhang Dai Village in the Beijing Ping Gu District
(the rental agreement ), Tianjuyuan rents the land at an annual rent of RMB 35,500 (approximately 5,023). The term of the
rental agreement is from February 1, 2004 to January 31, 2054. We were informed by our PRC counsel that the rental agreement is invalid
and unenforceable pursuant to the PRC Land Administration Law and related regulations. Therefore, we have been in the process of applying
for the proper land use right certificate from the relevant government authorities to legitimize our right over the Premises. As of the
date of this report, we were informed by the local government that our application materials for the land use right in issue has been
moved up from the department in charge of general matters to the land administrative department of the local government and is under their
review. However, there can be no assurance that such land use right certificate will be granted to us. Until we obtain the land use right
certificate, there is a risk that the PRC government may declare the rental agreement invalid, evict our personnel from the Premises and
tear down the buildings we built on the Premises. As of the date of this Report, we have no knowledge of any pending or threatened governmental
actions relating to the Premises. 

A severe or prolonged downturn in the global
economy could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The global market and economic conditions during
the years 2008 through 2021 were unprecedented and challenging, with recessions occurring in most major economies. Continued concerns
about the systemic impact of potential long-term and wide-spread recession, energy costs, geopolitical issues, and the availability and
cost of credit have contributed to increased market volatility and diminished expectations for economic growth around the world. The difficult
economic outlook has negatively affected businesses and consumer confidence and contributed to volatility of unprecedented levels. 

The PRC economy also faces challenges. The PRC
government has implemented various measures recently to curb inflation. If economic growth slows or an economic downturn occurs, our business
and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

24 

Risks
Related to Doing Business in the PRC 

Substantially
all our assets and operations are in the PRC, and substantially all our revenue is sourced from the PRC. Accordingly, our results of
operations and financial position are subject to a significant degree to economic, political and legal developments in the PRC, including
the following risks: 

Changes
in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in the PRC and the
profitability of such business. 

The
PRC s economy is in a transition from a planned economy to a market-oriented economy, subject to five-year and annual plans adopted
by the government that set national economic development goals. Policies of the PRC government can have significant effects on economic
conditions in China. Our interests may be adversely affected by changes in policies by the PRC government, including: 

changes
 in laws, regulations or their interpretation; 

confiscatory
 taxation; 

restrictions
 on currency conversion, imports or sources of supplies and export tariff; 

expropriation
 or nationalization of private enterprises. 

Although
the PRC government has been pursuing economic reform policies for more than two decades, we cannot assure you that the government will
continue to pursue such policies or that such policies may not be significantly altered, especially in the event of a change in leadership,
social or political disruption, or other circumstances affecting political, economic and social life in China. 

The
PRC laws and regulations governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain. Any changes in such PRC laws and
regulations may have a material and adverse effect on our business. 

We
and any future subsidiaries are considered foreign persons or foreign funded enterprises under PRC laws, and we are subject to PRC laws
and regulations. These laws and regulations are sometimes vague and may be subject to future changes, and their official interpretation
and enforcement may involve substantial uncertainty. The effectiveness of newly enacted laws, regulations or amendments may be delayed,
resulting in detrimental reliance from foreign investors. New laws and regulations that affect existing and proposed future businesses
may also be applied retroactively. We cannot predict what effect the interpretation of existing or new PRC laws or regulations may have
on our business. 

We
derive a substantial portion of our revenues from sales in the PRC and any downturn in the Chinese economy could have a material adverse
effect on our business and financial condition. 

Substantially
all our operations are conducted in the PRC and substantially all our revenues are generated from sales in the PRC. We anticipate that
revenues from sales of our products in the PRC will continue to represent a substantial proportion of our total revenues soon. Any significant
decline in the condition of the PRC economy could, among other things, adversely affect the consumption of our products, which in turn
would have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. 

Inflation
in the PRC could negatively affect our profitability and growth. 

While
the PRC economy has experienced rapid growth, it has been uneven among various sectors of the economy and in different geographical areas
of the country. Rapid economic growth can lead to growth in the money supply and rising inflation. If prices for our products do not
rise at a rate that is sufficient to fully absorb inflation-driven increases in our costs of supplies, our profitability can be adversely
affected. 

According
to the International Monetary Fund or IMF, the inflation rate in China fluctuated on an annual basis from a low rate of -1.4 in 1999
to the highest rate of 5.9 in 2008. The inflation rate was 2.7 , 2.9 , and 2.5 in 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. These fluctuations
and economic factors have led to the adoption by the Chinese government, from time to time, of various corrective measures designed to
restrict the availability of credit or regulate growth and contain inflation. To control inflation in the past, the PRC government has
imposed controls on bank credits, limits on loans for fixed assets and restrictions on state bank lending. The implementation of these
and other similar policies can impede economic growth and thereby harm the market for our products. 

Restrictions
on investigations by overseas securities regulators. 

Under
Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator can directly conduct investigations
or evidence collection activities within the PRC and no entity or individual in China may provide documents and information relating
to securities business activities to overseas regulators without Chinese government approval. As a result, our shareholders may not benefit
from a regulatory environment that fosters effective enforcement of U.S. and other securities laws. This could adversely affect investor
and shareholder protection, and could cause securities exchanges and overseas regulators to impose additional requirements on us. 

25 

Recent regulatory developments in China may subject
us to additional regulatory review and disclosure requirements, expose us to government interference, or otherwise restrict our ability
to offer securities and raise capital outside China, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business and the value of
our securities. 

As our operations in China increasingly involve the
provision of administrative support as well as information technology services to our operating entities within China, we may be subject
to PRC laws relating to, among others, data security and restrictions over foreign investments in value-added telecommunications services
and other industry sectors set out in the Special Administrative Measures (Negative List) for the Access of Foreign Investment (2020 Edition).
Specifically, we may be subject to PRC laws relating to the collection, use, sharing, retention, security, and transfer of confidential
and private information, such as personal information and other data. These PRC laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also
to transfers of information between us and our wholly foreign-owned enterprises in China, and other parties with which we have commercial
relations. These PRC laws and their interpretations and enforcement continue to develop and are subject to change, and the PRC government
may adopt other rules and restrictions in the future. 

The recent regulatory developments in China, in particular
with respect to restrictions on China-based companies raising capital offshore, and the government-led cybersecurity reviews of certain
companies with VIE structures, may lead to additional regulatory review in China over our financing and capital raising activities in the
United States. 

Pursuant to the PRC Cybersecurity Law, which was promulgated
by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress on November 7, 2016 and took effect on June 1, 2017, personal information
and important data collected and generated by a critical information infrastructure operator in the course of its operations in China
must be stored in China, and if a critical information infrastructure operator purchases internet products and services that affect or
may affect national security, it should be subject to cybersecurity review by the CAC. The PRC Cybersecurity Law also establishes more
stringent requirements applicable to operators of computer networks, especially to operators of networks which involve critical information
infrastructure. The PRC Cybersecurity Law contains an overarching framework for regulating Internet security, protection of private and
sensitive information, and safeguards for national cyberspace security and provisions for the continued government regulation of the Internet
and content available in China. The PRC Cybersecurity Law emphasizes requirements for network products, services, operations and information
security, as well as monitoring, early detection, emergency response and reporting. Due to the lack of further interpretations, the exact
scope of critical information infrastructure operator remains unclear. On July 10, 2021, the CAC publicly issued the Cybersecurity
Review Measures (the Draft Measures for public comments until July 25, 2021. According to the Draft Measures, the scope
of cybersecurity reviews is extended to data processing operators engaging in data processing activities that affect or may affect national
security. The Draft Measures further requires that any operator applying for listing on a foreign exchange must go through cybersecurity
review if it possesses personal information of more than one million users. According to the Draft Measures, a cybersecurity review assesses
potential national security risks that may be brought about by any procurement, data processing, or overseas listing. The review focuses
on several factors, including, among others, (1) the risk of theft, leakage, corruption, illegal use or export of any core or important
data, or a large amount of personal information, and (2) the risk of any critical information infrastructure, core or important data,
or a large amount of personal information being affected, controlled or maliciously exploited by a foreign government after a company
is listed overseas. While the Draft Measures had been released for consultation purpose, there is still uncertainty regarding the Draft
Measures as to its final content, its adoption timeline or effective date, its final interpretation and implementation, and other aspects.
Furthermore, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress passed the Personal Information Protection Law of the PRC PIPL ), which will become effective from November 1, 2021, and requires general network operators to obtain a personal information
protection certification issued by recognized institutions in accordance with the CAC regulation before such information can be transferred
out of China. 

On July 30, 2021, in response to the recent
regulatory developments in China and actions adopted by the PRC government, the Chairman of the SEC issued a statement requesting
additional disclosures from offshore issuers with China-based operating companies before their registration statements will be
declared effective, including detailed disclosure related to VIE structures and whether the VIE and the issuer, when applicable,
received or were denied permission from the PRC authorities to list on U.S. exchanges and the risks that such approval could be
denied or rescinded. On August 1, 2021, the CSRC issued a statement that it had taken note of the new disclosure requirements
announced by the SEC regarding the listings of Chinese companies and the recent regulatory developments in China, and that the
securities regulators in both countries should strengthen communications on regulating China-related issuers. 

As of the date of this report, we have taken preliminary
steps to expand our business into that of blockchain applications and cryptocurrency mining in international markets. Our remaining operations
in China do not involve the processing of any significant amount of personal information. However, if the enacted version of the Draft
Measures mandates clearance of cybersecurity review and other specific actions to be completed by companies aiming to offer securities
outside China, we cannot assure you that the PRC regulatory authorities will not subsequently require us to undergo the approval procedures
and subject us to penalties for non-compliance, or that if we are required to obtain such clearance, such clearance can be timely obtained,
or at all. If we become subject to cybersecurity inspection and/or review by the CAC or other PRC authorities or are required by them
to take any specific actions, it could cause suspension or termination of the future offering of our securities, disruptions to our operations,
result in negative publicity regarding our company, and divert our managerial and financial resources. We may also be subject to significant
fines or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

26 

Our
subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on paying dividends and making other payments to our subsidiary, Green New Jersey; as a result,
we might therefore be unable to pay dividends to you. 

We
are a holding company incorporated in the State of Nevada and do not have any assets or conduct any business operations other than our
investments in our subsidiaries, Green New Jersey, Jinong, Gufeng, and the VIE companies. Because of our holding company structure, we
rely entirely on dividends payments from our subsidiaries in the PRC. PRC regulations currently permit payment of dividends only out
of accumulated profits, as determined in with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Under PRC accounting standards and regulations,
our subsidiaries are also required to set aside a portion of their after-tax profits to fund certain reserves. We may experience difficulties
such as lengthy processing time from the foreign exchange administrative bureau s side and administrative formalities in completing
the procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency. Furthermore, if any of our subsidiaries incurs debt on its own in the
future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other payments. If we or Green New Jersey
are unable to receive any profits from the operations of our subsidiaries in the PRC, we may be unable to pay dividends to our common
stockholders. 

Risks
associated with the VIE structure. 

As
described in Business above, we operate a portion of our business through variable interest entities (the VIEs ),
including Yuxing and four other VIEs that we acquired since June 2016. Under agreements with the shareholders of the VIEs, the shareholders
retain possession and legal ownership of the equity interests and agree to pledge and entrust all their equity interests, to us or our
subsidiaries. In addition, the shareholders of the VIE companies enter into a series of agreements designed to give us operational control
of the VIEs, including a Voting Proxy Agreement, an Exclusive Option Agreement, an Equity Pledge Agreement Technology Supply Agreements,
and a Non-Compete Agreement. In addition, each of the VIEs enters into an Exclusive Technology Supply Agreements with us or our subsidiaries. 

There
are substantial risks associated with operating through VIEs. Of course, the validity and enforceability of VIE arrangement is subject
to any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, as well as risks related to the
discretion of any competent PRC legislative, administrative or judicial bodies in exercising their authority over VIEs. The VIE structure
may be determined by Chinese authorities to be inconsistent with the laws and regulations of China, including those related to foreign
investment in certain industries, and could be disregarded by PRC tax authorities, resulting in increased tax liabilities. 

In
addition, the VIE structure may not be as effective as direct ownership in controlling entities organized in China, which often hold
the licenses necessary to conduct the company s business in China. Finally, control over funds due from the VIEs could be jeopardized
if the shareholders of the VIE breach the terms of the agreements. In rare cases, the VIE structure may result in unauthorized use of
indicia of corporate power or authority, such as chops and seals. 

Governmental
control of currency conversion may affect the value of our common stock. 

The
PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of Renminbi RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases,
the remittance of currency out of the PRC. We receive substantially all our revenues in RMB, which is currently not a freely convertible
currency. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict our ability to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends,
or otherwise satisfy foreign currency denominated obligations. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account
items, including profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures from the transaction, can be made in foreign currencies without
prior approval from the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements.
However, approval from appropriate governmental authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted
out of the PRC to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of bank loans denominated in foreign currencies. 

The
PRC government also may at its discretion restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the
foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be
able to pay certain of our expenses as they come due. 

The
fluctuation of RMB may materially and adversely affect our common stock. 

The
value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in the PRC s
political and economic conditions. As we rely entirely on revenues earned in the PRC, any significant revaluation of RMB may materially
and adversely affect our cash flows, revenues and financial condition. For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars
we receive from an offering of our securities into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar could lead
the RMB equivalent of the U.S. dollars to be reduced and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. Conversely, if we decide to convert our RMB into U.S. dollars for making dividend payments on our common stock
or for other business purposes and the U.S. dollar appreciates against the RMB, the U.S. dollar equivalent of the RMB we convert would
be reduced. In the fiscal year 2021, China s currency increased by a cumulative 9.5 against the U.S. dollar on hopes of boosting
the domestic economy, making Chinese exports more expensive and imports into China cheaper by that amount. The effect on trade can be
substantial. In addition, the depreciation of significant U.S. dollar denominated assets could result in a charge to our income statement
and a reduction in the value of these assets. 

27 

PRC
regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC domestic residents may subject our PRC resident
beneficial owners to personal liability, limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries, limit our subsidiaries 
ability to increase their registered capital or distribute profits to us, or may otherwise adversely affect us. 

SAFE
promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents Offshore Investment and
Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, on July 4, 2014, which replaced the former
circular commonly known as SAFE Circular 75 promulgated by SAFE on October 21, 2005. SAFE Circular 37 (the SAFE
Notice requires PRC residents to register with local branches of SAFE regarding their direct establishment or indirect control
of an offshore entity, for overseas investment and financing, with such PRC residents legally owned assets or equity interests
in domestic enterprises or offshore assets or interests, referred to in SAFE Circular 37 as a special purpose vehicle (the
 SPV ). SAFE Circular 37 further requires amendment to the registration in the event of any significant changes with respect
to the special purpose vehicle, such as increase or decrease of capital contributed by PRC individuals, share transfer or exchange, merger,
division or other material event. Under the SAFE Notice, failure to comply with the registration procedures set forth above could result
in liability under Chinese law for foreign exchange evasion and may result in penalties and legal sanctions, including fines, the imposition
of restrictions on a Chinese subsidiary s foreign exchange activities and its ability to distribute dividends to the SPV, its ability
to pay the SPV proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation in respect of the Chinese subsidiary and the SPV s
ability to contribute additional capital into or provide loans to the Chinese subsidiary. After consultation with China counsel, we do
not believe that any of our PRC domestic resident stockholders are subject to the SAFE registration requirement. However, we cannot provide
any assurances that all our stockholders who are PRC residents will not be required to make or obtain any applicable registrations or
approvals required by these SAFE regulations in the future. The failure or inability of our PRC resident stockholders to comply with
the registration procedures set forth therein may subject us to fines and legal sanctions, restrict our cross-border investment activities,
or limit our PRC subsidiaries ability to distribute dividends or obtain foreign-exchange-dominated loans to our company. 

As
it is uncertain how the SAFE regulations will be interpreted or implemented, we cannot predict how these regulations will affect our
business operations or future strategy. For example, we may be subject to more stringent review and approval process with respect to
our foreign exchange activities, such as remittance of dividends and foreign-currency-denominated borrowings, which may adversely affect
our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if we decide to acquire a PRC domestic company, we cannot assure you
that we or the owners of such company will be able to obtain the necessary approvals or complete the necessary filings and registrations
required by the SAFE regulations. This may restrict our ability to implement our acquisition strategy and could adversely affect our
business and prospects. 

We
may be subject to fines and legal sanctions by SAFE or other PRC government authorities if we or our employees who are PRC citizens fail
to comply with PRC regulations relating to employee stock options granted by offshore listed companies to PRC citizens. 

On
March 28, 2007, SAFE promulgated the Operating Procedures for Foreign Exchange Administration of Domestic Individuals Participating in
Employee Stock Ownership Plans and Stock Option Plans of Offshore Listed Companies, or Circular 78. Under Circular 78, Chinese citizens
who are granted share options by an offshore listed company are required, through a Chinese agent or Chinese subsidiary of the offshore
listed company, to register with SAFE and complete certain other procedures, including applications for foreign exchange purchase quotas
and opening special bank accounts. We and our Chinese employees who have been granted share options are subject to Circular 78. Failure
to comply with these regulations may subject us or our Chinese employees to fines and legal sanctions imposed by SAFE or other PRC government
authorities and may prevent us from further granting options under our share incentive plans to our employees. Such events could adversely
affect our business operations. 

Our
business and financial performance may be materially adversely affected if the PRC regulatory authorities determine that our acquisition
of Jinong constitutes a Round-trip Investment without the PRC Ministry of Commerce MOFCOM approval. 

On
August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies promulgated the Regulation on Merger and Acquisition of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors
(the 2006 M A Rules ), which became effective on September 8, 2006. According to the 2006 M A Rules, a Round-trip
Investment is defined as having taken place when a PRC business that is owned, directly or indirectly, by PRC individual(s) is
sold to a non-PRC entity that is established or controlled, directly or indirectly, by those same PRC individual(s) and their PRC affiliates.
Under the 2006 M A Rules, any Round-trip Investment must be approved by the MOFCOM. The application of the 2006 M A Rules with
respect to the definition of Round-trip Investment remains unclear, with no consensus currently existing among the leading PRC law firms
regarding the definition, scope of the applicability of the MOFCOM approval. 

We,
through Green New Jersey, acquired 100 of the capital stock of Jinong (the Jinong Acquisition. Jinong is a PRC business
whose stockholders were two PRC individuals and a PRC entity, of which Mr. Tao Li, our former Chairman and CEO, was the controlling stockholder,
holding 31 of its shares. The PRC regulatory authorities could take the view that the Jinong Acquisition may be part of a Round-trip
Investment. The PRC legal counsel of Jinong has opined that the Jinong Acquisition did not violate any PRC law, which would include the
2006 M A Rules. We, however, cannot assure you that the PRC regulatory authority, MOFCOM, will take the same view as the PRC legal
counsel. If the PRC regulatory authorities take the view that the Jinong Acquisition constitutes a Round-trip Investment under the 2006
M A Rules, we cannot be assured that we may be able to obtain the approval required from MOFCOM. 

28 

If
the PRC regulatory authorities take the view that the Jinong Acquisition constitutes a Round-trip Investment without MOFCOM approval,
they could invalidate our acquisition and ownership of Jinong. Additionally, the PRC regulatory authorities may take the view that the
Jinong Acquisition constitutes a transaction which requires the prior approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or CSRC,
before MOFCOM approval is obtained. We believe that if this takes place, we may be able to find a way to re-establish control of Jinong s
business operations through a series of contractual arrangements rather than an outright purchase of Jinong. We cannot assure you that
such contractual arrangements will be protected by PRC law or that we can receive as complete or effective economic benefit and overall
control of Jinong s business than if the Company had direct ownership of Jinong. In addition, we cannot assure you that such contractual
arrangements can be successfully effected under PRC law. If we cannot obtain MOFCOM or CSRC approval if required by the PRC regulatory
authorities to do so, and if we cannot put in place or enforce relevant contractual arrangements as an alternative and equivalent means
of control of Jinong, our corporate structure could be materially adversely affected. 

Jinong s
contractual arrangements with Yuxing may result in adverse tax consequences to us. 

We
could face material and adverse tax consequences if the PRC tax authorities determine that Jinong s contractual arrangements with
Yuxing were not made on an arm s length basis and adjust our income and expenses for PRC tax purposes in the form of a transfer
pricing adjustment. A transfer pricing adjustment could result in a reduction, for PRC tax purposes, of adjustments recorded by Yuxing,
which could adversely affect us by increasing Yuxing s tax liability without reducing Jinong s tax liability, which could
further result in late payment fees and other penalties to Yuxing for underpaid taxes. 

We
control Yuxing through contractual arrangements which may not be as effective in providing control over Yuxing as direct ownership, and
if Yuxing or its shareholders breach the contractual arrangements, we would have to rely on legal remedies under PRC law, which may not
be available or effective, to enforce or protect our rights. 

Effective
June 16, 2013, we conduct substantially all our operations on agriculture products, and generate substantially all our revenues from
agriculture products, through contractual arrangements with our VIE, Yuxing, that provide us, through our ownership of Green New Jersey
and its ownership of Jinong, with effective control over Yuxing. We have no direct ownership interest in Yuxing. We depend on Yuxing
to hold and maintain agriculture products contracts with our customers. Yuxing also owns substantially all our property, facilities and
other assets relating to the operation of our agriculture products business, and employs the personnel for substantially all our agriculture
products business. Neither we nor Jinong has any direct ownership interest in Yuxing. Although we believe that that each contract under
Jinong s contractual arrangements with Yuxing is valid, binding and enforceable under current PRC laws and regulations in effect,
these contractual arrangements may not be as effective in providing us with control over Yuxing as direct ownership of Yuxing would be.
In addition, Yuxing may breach the contractual arrangements. For example, Yuxing may decide not to make contractual payments to Jinong,
and consequently to us, in accordance with the existing contractual arrangements. In the event of any such breach, we would have to rely
on legal remedies under PRC law. These remedies may not always be available or effective, particularly considering uncertainties in the
PRC legal system. 

Yuxing
may also seek to renew its agreements on terms that are disadvantageous to us. Although we have entered into a series of agreements that
provide us with substantial ability to control Yuxing, we may not succeed in enforcing our rights under them insofar as our contractual
rights and legal remedies under PRC law are inadequate. If we are unable to renew these agreements on favorable terms when these agreements
expire or enter into similar agreements with other parties, our business may not be able to operate or expand, and our operating expenses
may significantly increase. 

In
addition, although we do not rely on Yuxing s revenue, Yuxing s VIE structure is subject to uncertainty amid the PRC s
changing legislative practice. In January 2015, China s Ministry of Commerce unveiled draft legislation that could change how the
government regulates corporate structures, especially for VIEs controlled by foreign investments. Instead of looking at ownership, 
the draft law focuses on the entities or individuals who control a VIE. If a VIE is deemed to be controlled by foreign investors, it
may be barred from operating in restricted sectors or the prohibited sectors listed on a negative list, where only companies
controlled by Chinese nationals could operate, even if structured as VIEs. 

If
the draft law is implemented in any form, and the Company s business is characterized as one of the restricted or
 prohibited sectors, Yuxing may be barred from operation, which would materially adversely affect our business. 

PRC
laws and regulations governing our businesses and the validity of certain of our contractual arrangements are uncertain. If we are found
to be in violation of such PRC laws and regulations, we could be subject to sanctions. In addition, changes in such PRC laws and regulations
may materially and adversely affect our business. 

There
are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations, including, but not limited to,
the laws and regulations governing our business, or the enforcement and performance of Yuxing s contractual arrangements with Jinong.
Jinong is considered a foreign invested enterprise under PRC law. As a result, Jinong is subject to PRC law limitations on its businesses
and foreign ownership of Chinese companies. These laws and regulations are relatively new and may be subject to change, and their official
interpretation and enforcement may involve substantial uncertainty. The effectiveness of newly enacted laws, regulations or amendments
may be delayed, resulting in detrimental reliance by foreign investors. New laws and regulations that affect existing and proposed future
businesses may also be applied retroactively. 

29 

The
PRC government has broad discretion in dealing with violations of laws and regulations, including levying fines, revoking business and
other licenses and requiring actions necessary for compliance. Licenses and permits issued or granted to us by relevant governmental
bodies may be revoked later by higher regulatory bodies. We cannot predict the effect of the interpretation of existing or new PRC laws
or regulations on our businesses. We cannot assure you that our current ownership and operating structure would not be found in violation
of any current or future PRC laws or regulations. As a result, we may be subject to sanctions, including fines, and could be required
to restructure our operations or cease to provide certain services. In addition, any litigation in China may be protracted and result
in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. Any of these or similar actions could significantly disrupt
our business operations or restrict us from conducting a substantial portion of our business operations, which could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
PRC environmental laws and regulations may adversely impact on our business. 

Our
manufacturing operations are subject to numerous environmental laws, ordinances and regulations. These laws, ordinances and regulations
address and regulate, among other matters, wastewater discharge, air quality and the generation, handling, storage, treatment, disposal
and transportation of solid and hazardous waste. It is possible that compliance with a new regulatory requirement could impose significant
compliance costs on us. Such costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The increased global focus on environmental and social issues could result in the adoption of more stringent standards in these areas
by the PRC. 

We
believe that we have obtained all permits, licenses and approvals, and filed all registrations required for the conduct of our business,
except where the failure to obtain such permit, license or approval, or file any registration would not have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have not been notified by any governmental authority of any continuing
noncompliance, liability or other claim relating to any of our properties or business operations, nor are we aware of any other material
environmental condition with respect to any of our properties or arising out of our business operations at any other location. 

However,
no assurance can be given that all potential environmental liabilities have been identified or properly quantified or that any prior
owner, operator, or tenant has not created an environmental condition unknown to us. Moreover, no assurance can be given that (i) future
laws, ordinances or regulations will not impose any material environmental liability or (ii) the current environmental condition of the
properties will not be affected by the condition of land or operations near the properties (such as the presence of underground storage
tanks), or by third parties unrelated to us. 

PRC
regulation of loans and direct investment by offshore holding companies to PRC entities may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds
we receive from any offerings to make loans to our PRC subsidiaries or to make additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiaries,
which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 

We
are a holding company in the United States conducting our operations in China through our PRC subsidiaries. In utilizing the proceeds
we may receive from any offerings, we may make loans to our PRC subsidiaries, whether currently in existence or to be formed in the future,
or make additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiaries. 

Any
loans we make to our PRC subsidiaries cannot exceed statutory limits and must be registered with SAFE, or its local counterparts. Under
applicable PRC law, the government authorities must approve a foreign-invested enterprise s registered capital amount, which represents
the total amount of capital contributions made by the stockholders that have registered with the registration authorities. In addition,
the authorities must also approve the foreign-invested enterprise s total investment, which is equal to the company s registered
capital plus the amount of stockholder loans it is permitted to borrow under the law. The ratio of registered capital to total investment
cannot be lower than the minimum statutory requirement. If we make loans to our operating subsidiaries in China that do not exceed the
current maximum amount of borrowings, we will have to register each loan with SAFE or its local counterpart for the issuance of a registration
certificate of foreign debts. In practice, it could be time-consuming to complete such SAFE registration process. Alternatively, or concurrently
with the loans, we might make capital contributions to our operating subsidiaries in China and such capital contributions involve uncertainties
of their own. Further, SAFE promulgated a new circular (known as Circular 142) in August 2008 with respect to the administration of conversion
of foreign exchange capital contributions of a foreign-invested enterprise. The circular clarifies that RMB converted from foreign exchange
capital contributions can only be used for the activities within the approved business scope of such foreign-invested enterprise and
cannot be used for domestic equity investments unless otherwise permitted. 

While
we do not foresee this to happen soon, with respect to future loans by us to our PRC subsidiaries or with respect to future capital contributions
by us to our PRC subsidiaries, we cannot be assured that we will be able to complete the necessary government registrations or obtain
the necessary government approvals on a timely basis, if at all, when the need arises. If circumstances call and if we fail to complete
such registrations or obtain such approvals, our ability to use the proceeds we receive from this offering and to capitalize or otherwise
fund our PRC operations may be negatively affected, which could adversely and materially affect our ability to fund and expand our business. 

30 

The PRC government has significant influence over
companies with China-based operations by enforcing existing rules and regulation, adopting new ones, or changing relevant industrial policies
in a manner that may materially increase our compliance cost, change the relevant industry landscape or otherwise cause significant changes
to our remaining business operations in China, which could result in material and adverse changes in our operations and cause the value
of our securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

The PRC government has significant influence over
China-based operations of any company by allocating resources, providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies,
or imposing industry-wide policies on certain industries. The PRC government may also amend or enforce existing rules and regulation,
or adopt ones, which could materially increase our compliance cost, change the relevant industry landscape, or cause significant changes
to our business operations in China. In addition, the PRC regulatory system is based in part on government policies and internal guidance,
some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all, and some of which may even have a retroactive effect. We may not be aware
of all non-compliance incidents at all time, and may face regulatory investigation, fines and other penalties as a result. As a result
of the changes in the industrial policies of the PRC government, including the amendment to and/or enforcement of the related laws and
regulations, companies with China-based operations face significant compliance and operational risks and uncertainties. For example, on
July 24, 2021, Chinese state media, including Xinhua News Agency and China Central Television, announced a broad set of reforms targeting
private education companies providing after-school tutoring services and prohibiting foreign investments in institutions providing such
after-school tutoring services. As a result, the market value of certain U.S. listed companies with China-based operations in the affected
sectors declined substantially. On August 30, 2021, the PRC government-imposed restrictions over the provision of online gaming services
to minors, aiming at curbing excessive indulgence in online gaming and protecting minors mental and physical health, which could
adversely affect the development of the online gaming industry in China. The PRC government has also imposed severe restrictions over
the operations of cryptocurrency business, which changed the entire industry landscape in China. In addition, the National Development
and Reform Commission of China may classify cryptocurrency mining operations as an industry to be eliminated. We have adopted a development
strategy to focus on the development and expansion of our blockchain and cryptocurrency mining operations into international markets.
As of the date of this report, we are not aware of any similar regulations that may be adopted to significantly curtail our existing business
operations in China. However, if such other adverse regulations or policies are adopted in China, our existing operations in China will
be materially and adversely affected, and we may have to relocate our offices and certain assets to international markets outside China,
which may significantly disrupt our international operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

31 

If
we were to be deemed as a resident enterprise by PRC tax authorities, we could be subject to tax on our global income at
the rate of 25 under the Enterprise Income Tax Law 2008 EIT Law in the PRC and our non-PRC shareholders could be subject
to certain PRC taxes. 

Under
the 2008 EIT Law and the implementing rules, both of which became effective January 1, 2008, an enterprise established outside of the
PRC with de facto management bodies within the PRC may be considered a PRC resident enterprise and will be
subject to the enterprise income tax at the rate of 25 on its global income as well as PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations.
The implementing rules of the 2008 EIT Law define de facto management as substantial and overall management and
control over the production and operations, personnel, accounting, and properties of the enterprise. If we were to be considered
a resident enterprise by the PRC tax authorities, our global income would be taxable under the 2008 EIT Law at the rate
of 25 and, to the extent we were to generate a substantial amount of income outside of PRC in the future, we would be subject to additional
taxes. In addition, the dividends we pay to our non-PRC enterprise shareholders and gains derived by such shareholders from the transfer
of our shares may also be subject to PRC withholding tax at the rate up to 10 , if such income were regarded as China-sourced income.
In addition, the circular mentioned above details that certain Chinese-invested enterprises controlled by Chinese enterprises or Chinese
group enterprises will be classified as resident enterprises if the following are located or resident in China: senior
management personnel and departments that are responsible for daily production, operation and management; financial and personnel decision
making bodies; key properties, accounting books, company seal, and minutes of board meetings and stockholders meetings; and half
or more of the directors with voting rights or senior management. However, as of the date hereof, no final interpretation on the implementation
of the resident enterprise designation is available. Moreover, any such designation, when made by PRC tax authorities,
will be determined based on the facts and circumstances of individual cases. As a result, we cannot determine the likelihood or consequences
of our being designated a resident enterprise as of the date hereof. 

If
the PRC tax authorities determine that we are a resident enterprise, we may be subject to enterprise income tax at a rate
of 25 on our worldwide income and dividends paid by us to our non-PRC stockholders as well as capital gains recognized by them with
respect to the sale of our stock may be subject to a PRC withholding tax. This will have an impact on our effective tax rate, a material
adverse effect on our net income and results of operations, and may require us to withhold tax on our non-PRC stockholders. 

Because
our principal assets are located outside of the United States and because almost all our directors and officers reside outside of the
United States, it may be difficult for you to use the United States Federal securities laws to enforce your rights against us and our
officers and most of our directors or to enforce judgments of United States courts against us or most of our directors and officers in
the PRC. 

Almost
all our present officers and directors reside outside of the United States; accordingly, it may be difficult to serve them with process
in case of a legal action against them. In addition, our operating subsidiaries are in the PRC and substantially all their assets are
located outside of the United States. It may therefore be difficult for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights
based on the civil liability provisions of the United States Federal securities laws against us or our officers and directors in the
courts of either the United States or the PRC and, even if civil judgments are obtained in courts of the United States, to enforce such
judgments in PRC courts. It is unclear if extradition treaties now in effect between the United States and the PRC would permit effective
enforcement against us or most of our directors and officers of criminal penalties, under the United States Federal securities laws or
otherwise. In addition, enforcement of a foreign judgment in the PRC may be limited or otherwise affected by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
liquidation, arrangement, moratorium or similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and will be subject to
a statutory limitation of time within which proceedings may be brought. 

Failure
to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 

We
are required to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits United States companies from engaging
in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for obtaining or retaining business. Foreign companies, including some that
may compete with us, are not subject to these prohibitions, and therefore may have a competitive advantage over us. Corruption, extortion,
bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices may occur in the PRC. If our competitors engage in these practices, they may
receive preferential treatment, giving our competitors an advantage in securing business, which would put us at a disadvantage. We can
make no assurance that our employees or other agents will not engage in such conduct for which we might be held responsible. If our employees
or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences that may have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may have difficulty managing the risk associated with doing business in the Chinese fertilizer and agricultural products sectors. 

In
general, the fertilizer and agricultural products sectors in China are affected by a series of factors, including, but not limited to,
natural, economic and social such as climate, market, technology, regulation, and globalization, which makes risk management difficult.
Fertilizer and agricultural products operations in China face similar risks as present in other countries; however, in the PRC these
can either be mitigated or exacerbated due to governmental intervention through policy promulgation and implementation either in the
fertilizer and agricultural products or sectors which provide critical inputs to fertilizer and agricultural products such as energy
or outputs such as transportation. While not an exhaustive list, the following factors could significantly affect our ability to do business: 

food,
 feed, and energy demand including liquid fuels and crude oil; 

agricultural,
 financial, energy and renewable energy and trade policies; 

32 

input
 and output pricing due to market factors and regulatory policies; 

production
 and crop progress due to adverse weather conditions, equipment deliveries, and water and irrigation conditions; and 

infrastructure
 conditions and policies. 

Currently,
we do not hold and do not intend to purchase insurance policies to protect revenue in the case that the above conditions cause losses
of revenue. 

Risks
Related to an Investment in our Stock. 

We
may not pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
paid a cash dividend on January 30, 2015 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on the record date of October 31, 2014.
However, we may not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and we may not have sufficient funds
legally available to pay dividends. Even if the funds are legally available for distribution, we may nevertheless decide not to pay,
or may be unable to pay, any dividends. At present we intend to retain all earnings for our company s operations. 

The
market price for our common stock may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations, which may adversely affect the price at which you
can sell our shares. 

The
market price for our common stock may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors including the following: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operations results; 

filing
 of a class action lawsuit against us and certain of our current and former officers; 

changes
 in financial estimates by securities research analysts; 

conditions
 in foreign or domestic fertilizer and agricultural markets; 

changes
 in the economic performance or market valuations of other companies in the same industry; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of new products, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

addition
 or departure of key personnel; 

fluctuations
 of exchange rates between the RMB and the U.S. dollar; 

intellectual
 property litigation; 

general
 economic or political conditions in the PRC; and 

Other
 events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

33 

In
addition, the securities market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the
operating performance of companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our stock,
regardless of our actual operating performance. 

We
may require additional financing in the future and our operations could be curtailed if we are unable to obtain required additional financing
when needed. 

We
may need to obtain additional equity or debt financing to fund future capital expenditures. Additional equity may result in dilution
to the holders of our outstanding shares of capital stock. Additional debt financing may include conditions that would restrict our freedom
to operate our business, such as conditions that: 

limit
 our ability to pay dividends or require us to seek consent for the payment of dividends; 

increase
 our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

require
 us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash
 flow to fund capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate purposes; and 

limit
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry. 

We
cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain any additional financing on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. 

A
SEC investor bulletin regarding reverse mergers may drive down the market price of our common stock. 

On
June 9, 2011, the SEC issued an investor bulletin in which it explained the process by which a company becomes a public company by means
of a reverse merger, described the potential risks of investing in a reverse merger company and detailed recent enforcement actions taken
by it against certain reverse merger companies. The investor bulletin raised specific concerns with respect to foreign companies that
access the U.S. markets through the reverse merger process, as we did. The SEC investor bulletin could lead investors in our common stock
to sell their shares and may cause other investors not to invest in us, thus driving down the market price of our common stock or making
it more difficult for us to raise funds in the future. 

Stockholders
should have no expectation of any dividends in the future. 

We
paid a cash dividend on January 30, 2015 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on the record date of October 31, 2014.
However, the Board of Directors may not intend to declare any dividends on our common stock soon, but instead currently intends to retain
all earnings, if any, for use in the operation and expansion of our business. If we decide to pay dividends, foreign exchange and other
regulations in China may restrict our ability to distribute retained earnings from China or convert those payments from Renminbi into
foreign currencies. 

If
our common stock were delisted and determined to be a penny stock, a broker-dealer may find it more difficult to trade
our common stock and an investor may find it more difficult to acquire or dispose of our common stock in the secondary market. 

If
our common stock were removed from listing with the New York Stock Exchange, it may be subject to the so-called penny stock 
rules. The SEC has adopted regulations that define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price per
share of less than 5.00, subject to certain exceptions, such as any securities listed on a national securities exchange. For any transaction
involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers, subject
to certain exceptions. If our common stock were delisted and determined to be a penny stock, a broker-dealer may find it
more difficult to trade our common stock and an investor may find it more difficult to acquire or dispose of our common stock on the
secondary market. Investors in penny stocks should be prepared for the possibility that they may lose their whole investment. 

34 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

There
is no private ownership of land in China. All land is owned by the PRC government on behalf of all Chinese citizens or collectively owned
by farmers. Land use rights can be granted or transferred with or without consideration upon approval by the PRC State Land Administration
Bureau or its authorized branches. 

Our principal executive offices are located at
Third floor, Borough A, Block A. No. 181, South Taibai Road, Xi an, Shaanxi Province, PRC 710065. The office space is approximately
360 square meters (3,875 square feet). It is rented from Xi an Kingtone Information Technology Co., Ltd. Kingtone Information ),
for a term of two years from July 1, 2018 at monthly rent of RMB24,480 (approximately 3,790) for 612 square meters (approximately 6,588
square feet) of office space. 

Through
Jinong, we own an approximately 6,495 square meters (69,911 square feet) production facility that manufactures liquid fertilizer products
and a 13,803-square meter (148,576 square feet) production facility that produces liquid and highly concentrated (powdered) fertilizers,
located in the Yang Ling Agriculture High-Tech Demonstration Zone, on No. 6 Guhua 5 Road, Yangling, Xi an, Shaanxi province, PRC
712100. The production facilities occupy approximately 30,947 square meters (333,111 square feet) of land, which contains office buildings,
warehouses and research laboratories. The production lines have a total annual production capacity of 55,000 metric tons. We own the
land use rights for the land Jinong s manufacturing facilities are situated for a term of 50 years from 2001. 

Yuxing,
Jinong s wholly-owned subsidiary, has land use rights to over 353,000 square meters (3,799,660 square feet) of land located in
Hu County, Xi an, Shaanxi Province on which we have built 98 sunlight greenhouses and 6 intelligent greenhouses as part of a research
and development center currently under construction. Yuxing owns the land use rights to the property for a term of 50 years from 2009. 

Through
Gufeng and Tianjuyuan, we own an additional 17,930 square meters (approximately 192,997 square feet) of manufacturing, office and warehouse
space and 47,110 square meters (approximately 507,088 square feet) of auxiliary facilities of the building located on approximately 42,726
square meters (459,898 square feet) of land located in No. 6 Mafang Logistics Park, Pinggu, Beijing. In addition, the eight manufacturing
facilities of Gufeng and Tianjuyuan collectively increased our total annual production capacity by another 500,000 metric tons. 

Tianjuyuan
rents approximately 47,333 square meters (509,488 square feet) of land in the Ping Gu District of Beijing. Under the rental agreement
dated February 16, 2004 with the village committee of Dong Gao Village and Zhen Nan Zhang Dai Village in the Beijing Ping Gu District,
Tianjuyuan rents the land at an annual rent of RMB 35,500 (approximately 5,495). The rental term is from February 1, 2004 to January
31, 2054. While the rental agreement was recognized previously by our PRC counsel as invalid and unenforceable due to its permitted use,
we have since obtained the proper land use right certificate from the relevant government entity. 

35 

The
details on our properties and manufacturing facilities are described in the table below: 

Facility
 Location 
 and Production 
 Segment 
 
 Address 
 
 Area (square meters/ 
 square feet) 
 
 Ownership
 Status and 
 Term 

Xi an
 Fertilizers (Jinong) 
 
 Yang
 Ling Agriculture High- tech Demonstration Zone, No. 6 Guhua 5 Road, Yangling, Xi an, Shaanxi province 
 
 30,947
 sq. m. 
 (333,111
 sq. ft.) 
 
 Land
 use right (Certificate #006012633) expires in January 2051 (1) 

Xi an
 Fertilizers (Jinong) 
 
 Yang
 Ling Agriculture High- tech Demonstration Zone, Guhua 5 Road, Yangling, Xi an, Shaanxi province 
 
 6,495
 sq. m. No. 6 
 (69,911
 sq. ft.) 
 
 Building
 Ownership Certificate (Certificate # 20050722) (1) 

Xi an
 research and development center (Yuxing) 
 
 North
 Xin an Village, Weifeng, Hu County, Shaanxi Province 
 
 353,000
 sq. m. 
 (3,799,660
 sq. ft.) 
 
 Land
 use right (Certificate #006001700) expires in August 2059 

Beijing
 fertilizers (Tianjuyuan Gufeng) 
 
 South
 of Nanzhangdai Village, Donggaocun Town, Ping Gu District, Beijing 
 
 42,726
 sq. m. 
 (459,898
 sq. ft.) 
 
 Land
 use right (Certificate #2003189) expires in August 
 2053 (1) 

Beijing
 fertilizers (Tianjuyuan Gufeng) 
 
 South
 of Nanzhangdai Village, Donggaocun Town, Ping Gu District, Beijing 
 
 17,930
 sq. m. 
 (192,997
 sq. ft.) 
 
 Building
 Ownership Certificate# 33142 (1) 

Beijing
 fertilizers (Tianjuyuan Gufeng) 
 
 South
 of Nanzhangdai Village, Donggaocun Town, Ping Gu District, Beijing 
 
 47,333
 sq. m. 
 (509,488
 sq. ft.) 
 
 Rent
 from February 2004 to January 2054 

(1) As of June 30, 2021, the encumbrances over our land use right and building ownership are summarized as below: 

Interest 

Contract

Type
 of 
 
 Rate 

Property
 under 
 
 No. 
 
 Loan
 Amount 
 
 Lending
 Institution 
 
 Period

Guarantee

(Per Annum) 

Mortgage 
 
 1

RMB
 17 million 
 
 Postal
 Saving Bank of China- 
 
 May
 27, 2021- 
 
 Mortgage 

5.66 

Tianjuyuan s
 land 

2,631,600)

Pinggu
 Branch 
 
 May
 26, 2022 

2

RMB
 10 million 
 
 Beijing
 Bank- 
 
 May
 25, 2021- 
 
 Mortgage 

5.22 

Tianjuyuan s
 land 

1,548,000)

Pinggu
 Branch 
 
 May
 21, 2022 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, the Company is a party to various legal actions or disputes that arise in the ordinary course of our business. 

On June 5, 2020, an individual filed suit pro
se (as in, representing oneself without an attorney) in the Southern District of Florida federal court alleging violations of the Securities
Exchange Act. The Company believes the action is without merit and vigorously opposed it. The company moved to dismiss the litigation
and for attorney s fees from the plaintiff. On November 2, 2020, the case was transferred to the United States
District Court for The Southern District Of New York. On September 30, 2021, the Southern District of New York federal court presiding
over the case dismissed all claims against the company, its executives, and its independent directors. The dismissal was without
prejudice and the plaintiff can appeal or amend within 30 days, or by October 29, 2021. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

This
item is not applicable to us. 

36 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

We have two authorized classes of equity securities:
(i) common stock, par value 0.001 per share, 8,487,629 shares of which were outstanding as of October 13, 2021, and (ii) preferred stock,
par value 0.001 per share, of which no shares were outstanding as of October 13, 2021. Since December 7, 2009, our common stock has been
listed and traded on the NYSE under the symbol CGA. 

Holders 

As of October 13, 2021, there were approximately
369 shareholders of record of our common stock. This does not reflect the number of persons or entities who held stock in nominee or street 
name through various brokerage firms. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

On
October 27, 2009, our Board of Directors (the Board adopted the Company s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the Incentive
Plan ). On December 11, 2009, our stockholders approved the Incentive Plan. The Incentive Plan gives us the ability to grant stock
options, stock appreciation rights (SARs), restricted stock and other stock-based awards to our employees, consultants and to non-employee
members of our advisory board or our Board or the board of directors of any of our subsidiaries. On October 3, 2012, October 25, 2013
and May 15, 2015, our Board approved the amendment to increase the shares covered by the Incentive Plan by three million shares. On April
23, 2019, our Board approved the fourth amendment to increase the shares covered by the Incentive Plan by 3.9 million shares and an extension
of the Plan for an additional ten years. All four amendments were approved by our stockholders on the annual meetings held on December
15, 2012, December 22, 2013, June 30, 2015, and June 22, 2019, respectively. As a result, a total of 0.43 million shares of Common Stock
have been reserved under the Incentive Plan. 

As
of June 30, 2021, there was no outstanding options to purchase shares of common stock granted under the Plan. Options granted in the
future under the Incentive Plan are within the discretion of our Board or our compensation committee, as delegated by the Board. The
following table summarizes the number of shares of our Common Stock authorized for issuance under our Incentive Plan as of June 30, 2021. 

37 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Number
 of securities remaining 

available
 for 

Number
 of 

future 

securities
 to 

issuance 

be
 issued 

Weighted- 

under 

upon 

average 

equity 

exercise 

exercise 

compensation 

of 

price
 of 

plans 

outstanding 

outstanding 

(excluding 

options, 

options, 

securities 

warrants 

warrants 

reflected
 in 

and
 rights 

and
 rights 

column 

Plan
 category 
 
 (a) 

(b) 

(a)
 (c) 

Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 

371,511 

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

371,511 

Performance
Graph 

The
following graph compares the cumulative total return on our common stock, the NYSE Composite Index and a peer group index consisting
of companies reporting under the S P 500 Fertilizers Agricultural Chemicals Sub Industry Index over the period commencing on
June 30, 2016 and ending on June 30, 2021. 

38 

The
performance graph in this Item 5 is not deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the Commission
or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the Exchange Act or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and will not be deemed
to be incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date
of this Report and irrespective of any general incorporation language in such filings. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Unregistered Securities. 

There
was no unregistered sale of the Company s equity securities during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, that were not otherwise
disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

There
was no purchase of equity securities by the Company during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, that were not otherwise disclosed in
a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

The Company has elected to early
adopt the amendment to Item 301 of Regulation S-K and is no longer required to provide five years of selected financial data. 

39 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and the notes to those financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report. This discussion and analysis contain
forward-looking statements that involve significant risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, such as the slow-down of the
macro-economic environment in China and its impact on economic growth in general, the competition in the fertilizer industry and the
impact of such competition on pricing, revenues and margins, the weather conditions in the areas where our customers are based, the cost
of attracting and retaining highly skilled personnel, the prospects for future acquisitions, and the factors set forth elsewhere in this
report, our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. With these risks and uncertainties,
there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this report will in fact occur. You should not place undue
reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this report. 

The
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except to the extent required by U.S. federal securities
laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the
statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Further, the information about our intentions contained
in this report is a statement of our intention as of the date of this report and is based upon, among other things, the existing regulatory
environment, industry conditions, market conditions and prices, and our assumptions as of such date. We may change our intentions,
at any time and without notice, based upon any changes in such factors, in our assumptions or otherwise. 

Unless
the context indicates otherwise, as used in the notes to the financial statements of the Company, the following are the references herein
of all the subsidiaries of the Company (i) Green Agriculture Holding Corporation Green New Jersey ), a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Green Nevada incorporated in the State of New Jersey; (ii) Shaanxi TechTeam Jinong Humic Acid Product Co., Ltd. Jinong ),
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Green New Jersey organized under the laws of the PRC; (iii) Xi an Hu County Yuxing Agriculture Technology
Development Co., Ltd. Yuxing ), a Variable Interest Entity in the PRC VIE controlled by Jinong through
contractual agreements; (iv) Shaanxi Lishijie Agrochemical Co., Ltd. Lishijie ), a VIE controlled by Jinong through contractual
agreements; (v) Songyuan Jinyangguang Sannong Service Co., Ltd. Jinyangguang ), a VIE in the PRC controlled by Jinong through
contractual agreements; (vi) Weinan City Linwei District Wangtian Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd. Wangtian ), a VIE controlled
by Jinong through contractual agreements; (vii) Anhui Fengnong Seed Co., Ltd. Fengnong ), a VIE controlled by Jinong through
contractual agreements; (viii) Beijing Gufeng Chemical Products Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jinong in the PRC Gufeng 
and (ix) Beijing Tianjuyuan Fertilizer Co., Ltd., Gufeng s wholly-owned subsidiary in the PRC Tianjuyuan ). Yuxing,
Lishijie, Jinyangguang, Wangtian, and Fengnong may also collectively be referred to as the the VIE Companies Lishijie,
Jinyangguang, Wangtian, and Fengnong may also collectively be referred to as the sales VIEs or the sales VIE companies .

Unless
the context otherwise requires, all references to (i) PRC and China are to the People s Republic of
China; (ii) U.S. dollar, and US are to United States dollars; and (iii) RMB ,
 Yuan and Renminbi are to the currency of the PRC or China. 

Overview 

We
are engaged in the research, development, production and sale of various types of fertilizers and agricultural products in the PRC through
our wholly-owned Chinese subsidiaries, Jinong and Gufeng (including Gufeng s subsidiary Tianjuyuan), and our VIE, Yuxing. Our primary
business is fertilizer products, specifically humic-acid based compound fertilizer produced by Jinong and compound fertilizer, blended
fertilizer, organic compound fertilizer, slow-release fertilizer, highly-concentrated water-soluble fertilizer and mixed organic-inorganic
compound fertilizer produced by Gufeng. In addition, through Yuxing, we develop and produce various agricultural products, such as top-grade
fruits, vegetables, flowers and colored seedlings. For financial reporting purposes, our operations are organized into three business
segments: fertilizer products (Jinong), fertilizer products (Gufeng) and agricultural products (Yuxing). 

The
fertilizer business conducted by Jinong and Gufeng generated approximately 71.0 and 70.9 of our total revenues for the years ended
June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The sales VIEs generated 24.4 and 25.4 of our revenues for the years ended June 30, 2021 and
2020, respectively. Yuxing serves as a research and development base for our fertilizer products. 

40 

Fertilizer
Products 

As
of June 30, 2021, we had developed, produced, and sold a total of 690 different fertilizer products in use, of which 103 were developed
and produced by Jinong, 336 by Gufeng, and 251 by the VIE companies. 

Below
is a table that shows the metric tons of fertilizer sold by Jinong and Gufeng and the revenue per ton for the periods indicated: 

Year
 Ended June 30, 

Change
 2020 to 2021 

2021 

2020 

Amount 

(metric
 tons) 

Jinong 

74,382 

71,655 

2,727 

3.8 

Gufeng 

308,523 

356,973 

(48,450) 

-13.6 

382,905 

428,629 

(45,724) 

-10.7 

Year Ended June 30, 

2021 
 2020 

(revenue per tons) 
 
 Jinong 
 803 
 814 
 
 Gufeng 
 358 
 338 

For
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, we sold approximately 382,905 metric tons of fertilizer products, as compared to 428,629 metric
tons for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, Jinong sold approximately 74,382 metric tons of
fertilizer products, as compared to 71,655 metric tons for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021,
Gufeng sold approximately 308,523 metric tons of fertilizer products, as compared to 356,973 metric tons for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2020. 

Our
sales of fertilizer products to five provinces accounted for approximately 70.6 of our manufactured fertilizer revenue for year ended
June 30, 2021. Specifically, the provinces and their respective percentage contributed to our fertilizer revenues were Hebei (32.6 ),
Heilongjiang (11.9 ), Liaoning (11.2 ), Inner Mongolia (11.1 and Shaanxi (3.9 ). 

As
of June 30, 2021, we had a total of 1,756 distributors covering 22 provinces, 4 autonomous regions and 4 central government-controlled
municipalities in China. Jinong had 917 distributors in China. Jinong s sales are not dependent on any single distributor or any
group of distributors. Jinong s top five distributors accounted for 3.1 of its fertilizer revenues for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2021. Gufeng had 341 distributors, including some large state-owned enterprises. Gufeng s top five distributors accounted for
79.5 of its revenues for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. 

Agricultural
Products 

Through
Yuxing, we develop, produce and sell high-quality flowers, green vegetables and fruits to local marketplaces and various horticulture
and planting companies. We also use certain of Yuxing s greenhouse facilities to conduct research and development activities for
our fertilizer products. The three PRC provinces that accounted for 93.9 of our agricultural products revenue for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2021 were Shaanxi (86.0 ), Shanghai (5.5 and Beijing (2.3 ). 

Recent
Developments 

Preliminary work for business expansion 

On August 30, 2021, at the Company s annual shareholder meeting for fiscal year 2020, a majority of the Company s shareholders approved a proposal for the issuance of the Company s common stock
to ten non-US investors in a private placement. The purpose of the stock issuance was to raise funds for expanding the Company s
business into that of blockchain applications including cryptocurrency mining. At the meeting, the Company s majority shareholder
also approved the nomination of Mr. Jian Huang and Mr. Xiaolai Li, who have extensive knowledge and experience within the blockchain and
cryptocurrency industries, to the Company s Board of Directors. 

New
products and distributors 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2021, Jinong launched 3 new fertilizer products. Jinong also eliminated 236 unqualified distributors
for the three months ended June 30, 2021. During the three months ended June 30, 2021, Gufeng launched 2 new fertilizer products and
added 7 new distributors. 

41 

Strategic
Acquisitions 

On
June 30, 2016 and January 1, 2017, through Jinong, we entered (i) Strategic Acquisition Agreements (the SAA ), and
(ii) Agreements for Convertible Notes (the ACN ), with the shareholders of the companies as identified below (the Targets ). 

June
30, 2016: 

Cash 

Principal
 of 

Payment
 for 

Notes
 for 

Acquisition 

Acquisition 

Company
 Name 
 
 Business
 Scope 
 
 (RMB [1] 

(RMB) 

Shaanxi
 Lishijie Agrochemical Co., Ltd. 
 
 Sales
 of pesticides, agricultural chemicals, chemical fertilizers, agricultural materials; Manufacture and sales of mulches. 

10,000,000 

3,000,000 

Songyuan
 Jinyangguang Sannong Service Co., Ltd. 
 
 Promotion
 and consulting services regarding agricultural technologies; Retail sales of chemical fertilizers (including compound fertilizers
 and organic fertilizers); Wholesale and retail sales of pesticides, agricultural machinery and accessories; Collection of agricultural
 information; Development of saline-alkali soil; Promotion and development of high-efficiency agriculture and related information
 technology solutions for agriculture, agricultural and biological engineering high technologies; E-commerce; Cultivation of freshwater
 fish, poultry, fruits, flowers, vegetables, and seeds; Recycling and complex utilization of straw and stalk; Technology transfer
 and training; Recycling of agricultural materials ; Ecological industry planning. 

8,000,000 

12,000,000 

Shenqiu
 County Zhenbai Agriculture Co., Ltd.(2) 
 
 Cultivation
 of crops; Storage, sales, preliminary processing and logistics distribution of agricultural by-products; Promotion and application
 of agricultural technologies; Purchase and sales of agricultural materials; Electronic commerce. 

3,000,000 

12,000,000 

Weinan
 City Linwei District Wangtian Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd. 
 
 Promotion
 and application of new agricultural technologies; Professional prevention of plant diseases and insect pests; Sales of plant protection
 products, plastic mulches, material, chemical fertilizers, pesticides, agricultural medicines, micronutrient fertilizers, hormones,
 agricultural machinery and medicines, and gardening tools. 

6,000,000 

12,000,000 

Aksu
 Xindeguo Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd.(3) 
 
 Wholesale
 and retail sales of pesticides; Sales of chemical fertilizers, packaged seeds, agricultural mulches, micronutrient fertilizers, compound
 fertilizers, plant growth regulators, agricultural machineries, and water economizers; Consulting services for agricultural technologies;
 Purchase and sales of agricultural by- products. 

10,000,000 

12,000,000 

Xinjiang
 Xinyulei Eco-agriculture Science and Technology Co., Ltd (3) 
 
 Sales
 of chemical fertilizers, packaged seeds, agricultural mulches, micronutrient fertilizers, organic fertilizers, plant growth regulators,
 agricultural machineries, and water economizers; Purchase and sales of agricultural by-products; Cultivation of fruits and vegetables;
 Consulting services and training for agricultural technologies; Storage services; Sales of articles of daily use, food and oil; On-line
 sales of the above-mentioned products. 

Total 

37,000,000 

51,000,000 

(1) 
 The
 exchange rate between RMB and U.S. dollars on June 30, 2016 is RMB1=US 0.1508, according to the exchange rate published by Bank of
 China. 

(2) 
 On
 November 30, 2017, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Jinong, discontinued the strategic acquisition agreements and
 the series of contractual agreements with the shareholders of Zhenbai. In return, the shareholders of Zhenbai agreed to tender the
 whole payment consideration in the SAA back to the Company with early termination penalties. The convertible notes paid to Zhenbai s
 shareholders and the accrued interest has been forfeited. 

(3) 
 On
 June 2, 2021, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Jinong, discontinued the strategic acquisition agreements and the
 series of contractual agreements with the shareholders of Xindeguo, Xinyulei and Xiangrong. In return, the shareholders of Xindeguo,
 Xinyulei and Xiangrong agreed to pay cash with amount of RMB26,280,000 (approximately 4,068,144) to the Company. 

42 

January
1, 2017: 

Cash

Principal
 of 

Payment for 

Notes for 

Acquisition 

Acquisition 

Company
 Name 
 
 Business
 Scope 
 
 (RMB [1] 

(RMB) 

Sunwu
 County Xiangrong Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd.(2) 
 
 Sales
 of pesticides, agricultural chemicals, chemical fertilizers, agricultural materials; Manufacture and sales of mulches. 

4,000,000 

6,000,000 

Anhui
 Fengnong Seed Co., Ltd. 
 
 Wholesale
 and retail sales of pesticides; Sales of chemical fertilizers, packaged seeds, agricultural mulches, micronutrient fertilizers, compound
 fertilizers and plant growth regulators 

4,000,000 

6,000,000 

Total 

8,000,000 

12,000,000 

(1) 
 The
 exchange rate between RMB and U.S. dollars on January 1, 2017 is RMB1=US 0.144, according to the exchange rate published by Bank
 of China. 

(2) On June 2, 2021, the Company,
through its wholly-owned subsidiary Jinong, discontinued the strategic acquisition agreements and the series of contractual agreements
with the shareholders of Xindeguo, Xinyulei and Xiangrong. In return, the shareholders of Xindeguo, Xinyulei and Xiangrong agreed to
pay cash with amount of RMB26,280,000 (approximately 4,068,144) to the Company. 

Pursuant
to the SAA and the ACN, the shareholders of the Targets, while retaining possession of the equity interests and continuing to be the
legal owners of such interests, agreed to pledge and entrust all of their equity interests, including the proceeds thereof but excluding
any claims or encumbrances, and the operations and management of its business to Jinong, in exchange of an aggregate amount of RMB45,000,000
(approximately 6,966,000) to be paid by Jinong within three days following the execution of the SAA, ACN and the VIE Agreements, and
convertible notes with an aggregate face value of RMB 63,000,000 (approximately 9,752,400) with an annual fixed compound interest rate
of 3 and term of three years. 

Jinong
acquired the Targets using the VIE arrangement based on our need to further develop our business and comply with the regulatory requirements
under the PRC laws. 

As
our business focuses on the production of fertilizer, all our business activities intertwine with those in the agriculture industry in
China. Specifically, we deal with compliance, regulation, safety, inspection, and licenses in fertilizer production, farmland use and
transfer, growing and distribution of agriculture goods, agriculture basic supplies, seeds, pesticides, and trades of grains. It is an
industry in which heavy regulations get implemented and strictly enforced. In addition, E-commerce, which is also under strict government
regulation in the PRC, has lately become a sales and distribution channel for agricultural products. Currently, we are developing an
online platform to connect the physical distribution network we either own or lease. 

Compared
with the regulatory environment in other jurisdictions, the regulatory environment in the PRC is unique. For example, the M A
Rules purports to require that an offshore special purpose vehicle controlled directly or indirectly by PRC companies or individuals
and formed for purposes of overseas listing through acquisition of PRC domestic interests held by such PRC companies or individuals obtain
the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC prior to the listing and trading of such special
purpose vehicle s securities on an overseas stock exchange. On September 21, 2006, the CSRC published procedures regarding its
approval of overseas listings by special purpose vehicles. 

For
both e-commerce and agriculture industries, PRC regulators limit the investment from foreign entities and set particularly rules for
foreign-owned entities to conduct business. We expect these limitations on foreign-owned entities will continue to exist in e-commerce
and agriculture industries. The VIE arrangement, however, provides feasibility for obtaining administrative approval process and avoiding
industry restrictions that can be imposed on an entity that is a wholly-owned subsidiary of a foreign entity. The VIE agreements reduce
uncertainty and the current limitation risk. It is our understanding that the VIE agreements, as well as the control we obtained through
VIE arrangement, are valid and enforceable. Such legal structure does not violate the known, published, and current PRC laws. While there
are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC Laws and future PRC laws and regulations, and there
can be no assurance that the PRC authorities will take a view that is not contrary to or otherwise different from our belief and understanding
stated above, we believe the substantial difficulty that we experienced previously to conduct business in agriculture as a foreign ownership
can be greatly reduced by the VIE arrangement. Further, as an integral part of the VIE arrangement, the underlying equity pledge agreements
provide legal protection for the control we obtained. Pursuant to the equity pledge agreements, we have completed the equity pledge processes
with the Targets to ensure the complete control of the interests in the Targets. The shareholders of the Targets are not entitled to
transfer any shares to a third party under the exclusive option agreements. If necessary, they may transfer shares to our company without
consideration. 

43 

While
the VIE arrangement provides us with the feasibility to conduct our business in the E-Commerce and agriculture industries, validity and
enforceability of VIE arrangement is subject to (i) any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) possible judicial or administrative actions or any PRC Laws affecting
creditors rights, (iii) certain equitable, legal or statutory principles affecting the validity and enforceability of contractual
rights generally under concepts of public interest, interests of the State, national security, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing,
and applicable statutes of limitation; (iv) any circumstance in connection with formulation, execution or implementation of any legal
documents that would be deemed materially mistaken, clearly unconscionable, fraudulent, coercive at the conclusions thereof; and (v)
judicial discretion with respect to the availability of indemnifications, remedies or defenses, the calculation of damages, the entitlement
to attorney s fees and other costs, and the waiver of immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from legal process. Validity and
enforceability of VIE arrangement is also subject to risk derived from the discretion of any competent PRC legislative, administrative
or judicial bodies in exercising their authority in the PRC. As a result, there can no assurance that any of such PRC Laws will not be
changed, amended or replaced in the immediate future or in the longer term with or without retrospective effect. 

Results
of Operations 

Fiscal
Year ended June 30, 2021 Compared to the Year ended June 30, 2020. 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30 

2021 
 2020 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Sales 

Jinong 
 59,409,169 
 57,001,659 
 2,407,510 
 4.2 
 
 Gufeng 
 110,834,918 
 119,623,964 
 (8,789,046 
 -7.3 
 
 Yuxing 
 11,038,666 
 9,227,113 
 1,811,553 
 19.6 
 
 Sales VIEs 
 50,125,904 
 43,575,376 
 6,550,528 
 15.0 
 
 Net sales 
 231,408,657 
 229,428,112 
 1,980,545 
 0.9 
 
 Cost of goods sold 

Jinong 
 43,566,629 
 37,730,361 
 5,836,268 
 15.5 
 
 Gufeng 
 96,860,527 
 105,203,118 
 (8,342,591 
 -7.9 
 
 Yuxing 
 8,991,518 
 7,935,849 
 1,055,669 
 13.3 
 
 Sales VIEs 
 42,414,469 
 36,504,218 
 5,910,251 
 16.2 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 191,833,143 
 187,373,546 
 4,459,597 
 2.4 
 
 Gross profit 
 39,575,514 
 42,054,566 
 (2,479,052 
 -5.9 
 
 Operating expenses 

Selling expenses 
 14,467,065 
 13,556,131 
 910,934 
 6.7 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 138,855,912 
 166,420,515 
 (27,564,603 
 -16.6 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 153,322,977 
 179,976,646 
 (26,653,669 
 -14.8 
 
 Income from operations 
 (113,747,463 
 (137,922,080 
 24,174,617 
 -17.5 
 
 Other income (expense) 

Other income (expense) 
 442,545 
 (107,316 
 549,861 
 -512.4 
 
 Interest income 
 107,400 
 176,464 
 (69,065 
 -39.1 
 
 Interest expense 
 (266,506 
 (303,966 
 37,460 
 -12.3 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 283,439 
 (234,818 
 518,256 
 -220.7 
 
 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
 (113,464,024 
 (138,156,897 
 24,692,873 
 -17.9 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 5,107,095 
 2,103,987 
 3,003,108 
 142.7 
 
 (Loss) from continuing operations 
 (118,571,119 
 (140,260,884 
 21,689,765 
 -15.5 
 
 Net (loss) income from discontinued operations, net of taxes 
 (1,176,498 
 3,508,748 
 (4,685,246 
 -133.5 
 
 Net (Loss) 
 (119,747,617 
 (136,752,136 
 17,004,519 
 -12.4 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 
 29,682,548 
 (14,442,878 
 4,125,426 
 -305.5 
 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 
 (90,065,069 
 (151,195,014 
 61,129,945 
 -40.4 
 
 Basic weighted average shares outstanding 
 6,847,732 
 5,619,788 
 1,227,944 
 21.9 
 
 Basic net (loss) per share from continuing operations 
 (17.32 
 (24.96 
 7.64 
 -30.6 
 
 Basic net (loss) per share from discontinued operations 
 (0.17 
 (0.62 
 (0.80 
 -127.5 
 
 Basic net (loss) per share 
 (17.49 
 (24.33 
 6.85 
 -28.1 
 
 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 6,847,732 
 5,619,788 
 1,227,944 
 21.9 
 
 Diluted net (loss) per share-from continuing operations 
 (17.32 
 (24.96 
 7.64 
 -30.6 
 
 Diluted net (loss) earnings per share-from discontinued operations 
 (0.17 
 0.62 
 (0.80 
 -127.5 
 
 Diluted net (loss) per share 
 (17.49 
 (24.33 
 6.85 
 -28.1 

44 

Net
Sales 

Total net sales for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2021 were 231,408,657, an increase of 1,980,545 or 0.9 , from 229,428,112 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. This increase
was principally due to Yuxing s higher sales. 

For
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, Jinong s net sales increased 2,407,510, or 4.2 , to 59,409,169 from 57,001,659 for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. This increase was mainly attributable to the increase in Jinong s sales volume during the
last fiscal year. Jinong sold 74,382 tons of product during the fiscal year 2021, an increase of 2,727 tons or 3.8 comparing with
71,655 tons for fiscal year 2020. 

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, Gufeng s
net sales were 110,834,918, a decrease of 8,789,046, or 7.3 from 119,623,964, for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. The decrease
was mainly attributable to the decrease in Gufeng s sales volume during the last fiscal year due to the negative impacts of COVID-19.
Gufeng sold 308,523 tons of product during the fiscal year 2021, a decrease of 48,450 tons or 13.6 comparing with 356,973 tons for fiscal
year 2020. 

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, Yuxing s
net sales were 11,038,666, an increase of 1,811,553, or 19.6 , from 9,227,113 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. The increase
was mainly attributable to the increase in market demand and the improvements in logistics that enlarges the reach of Yuxing s products
during the fiscal year 2021. 

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, VIEs 
net sales were 50,125,904, an increase of 6,550,528 or 15.0 , from 43,575,376 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. The increase
was due primarily to higher Lishijie and Wangtian s net sales. 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Total cost of goods sold for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2021 was 191,833,143, an increase of 4,459,597, or 2.4 , from 187,373,546 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. This increase
was due primarily to higher net sales. 

Cost
of goods sold by Jinong for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 was 43,566,629, an increase of 5,836,268, or 15.5 , from 37,730,361,
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. The increase in cost of goods was mainly due to the increase in Jinong s net sales during
the fiscal year 2021. 

Cost
of goods sold by Gufeng for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 was 96,860,527, a decrease of 8,342,591, or 7.9 , from 105,203,118,
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in its sales volume during the fiscal year 2021. 

For
year ended June 30, 2021, cost of goods sold by Yuxing was 8,991,518, an increase of 1,055,669, or 13.3 , from 7,935,849 for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2020. This increase was mainly due to the increase in Yuxing s net sales during the fiscal year 2021. 

Cost of goods sold by the sales VIEs for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2021 was 42,414,469, an increase of 5,910,251, or 16.2 , from 36,504,218, for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020.
This increase was primarily due to the higher net sales during the fiscal year 2021. 

Gross
Profit 

Total gross profit for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2021 decreased by 2,479,052 to 39,575,514, as compared to 42,054,566 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. Gross profit margin
was 17.8 and 18.0 for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Gross
profit generated by Jinong decreased by 3,428,758, or 17.8 , to 15,842,540 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 from 19,271,298
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. Gross profit margin from Jinong s sales was approximately 26.7 and 33.8 for the fiscal
years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in gross profit margin was mainly due to higher product costs. 

For
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, gross profit generated by Gufeng was 13,974,391, a decrease of 446,455, or 3.1 , from 14,420,846
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. Gross profit margin from Gufeng s sales was approximately 12.6 and 12.1 for the fiscal
years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

For
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, gross profit generated by Yuxing was 2,047,148, an increase of 755,884, or 58.5 from 1,291,264
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. The gross profit margin was approximately 18.5 and 14.0 for the fiscal years ended June
30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in gross profit percentage was mainly due to lower product costs and higher unit sales. 

Gross profit generated by VIEs increased by 640,277,
or 9.1 , to 7,711,435 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 from 7,071,158 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. Gross profit margin
from VIE s sales was approximately 15.4 and 16.2 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

45 

Selling
Expenses 

Our selling expenses consisted primarily of salaries
of sales personnel, advertising and promotion expenses, freight-out costs and related compensation. Selling expenses were 14,467,065,
or 6.3 , of net sales for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, as compared to 13,556,131, or 5.9 of net sales, for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2020, an increase of 910,934, or 6.7 . The selling expenses of Jinong for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 were 12,594,150,
or 21.2 of Jinong s net sales, as compared to selling expenses of 12,405,107, or 21.8 of Jinong s net sales for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2020, an increase of 189,043, or 1.5 . The selling expenses of Yuxing were 67,253, or 0.6 of Yuxing s net
sales for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, as compared to 48,147, or 0.5 , of Yuxing s net sales for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2020. The selling expenses of Gufeng were 307,325, or 0.3 of Gufeng s net sales for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021,
as compared to 293,841, or 0.2 of Gufeng s net sales for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. The selling expenses of VIEs were
 1,498,337, or 3.0 , of VIEs net sales for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, as compared to 809,036, or 1.8 , of VIEs 
net sales for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. 

Selling
Expenses amortization of deferred assets 

Our
selling expenses - amortization of our deferred assets were 0 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. All the deferred assets
were fully amortized and therefore no amortization was recorded on the fully amortized assets for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses consisted
primarily of related salaries, rental expenses, business development, depreciation and travel expenses incurred by our general and administrative
departments and legal and professional expenses, including expenses incurred and accrued for certain litigation. General and administrative
expenses were 138,855,912, or 60.0 of net sales for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, as compared to 166,420,515, or 72.5 , of net
sales for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, a decrease of 27,564,603, or 16.6 . The decrease in general and administrative expenses
was mainly due to lower bad debts expense. 

Total
Other Income (Expenses) 

Total other income (expenses) consisted of income
from subsidies received from the PRC government, interest income, interest expenses and bank charges. Total other income (expense) for
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 was 283,439, as compared to (234,818) for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, an increase of 518,256,
or 220.7 . The increase in total other income (expense) mainly resulted from investment gain on discontinuing sales VIEs Xindeguo, Xinyulei
and Xiangrong. 

Income
Taxes 

Jinong
is subject to a preferred tax rate of 15 because of its business being classified as a High-Tech project under the PRC Enterprise Income
Tax Law EIT that became effective on January 1, 2008. Jinong has income tax expense of 279,982 for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2021, as compared to (2,721,559) for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, an increase of 3,001,541 or 110.3 . 

Gufeng
is subject to a tax rate of 25 , and has income tax expense of 0 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 due to net loss, as compared
to (29,485,768) for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, an increase of 29,485,768, or 100.0 . 

Yuxing
has no income tax for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 because it is exempted from paying income tax due to its products falling
into the tax exemption list set out in the EIT. 

Net
Income (Loss) 

Net loss for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021
was (119,747,617), a decrease of loss with amount of 17,004,519, or 12.4 , compared to (136,752,136) for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2020. The decrease was mainly due to lower General and administrative expenses. Net loss as a percentage of total net sales was approximately
-49.9 and -54.9 for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Net loss from continuing operations for fiscal
year ended June 30, 2021 was (118,571,119), a decrease of loss with amount of 21,689,765, or 15.5 , compared to (140,260,884) for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. The decrease was mainly due to lower General and administrative expenses. 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
for fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 was (1,176,498), a decrease of with amount of 4,685,246, or 133.5 , compared to net income with
amount of 3,508,748 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. The decrease was mainly due to lower sales. 

Discussion
of Segment Profitability Measures 

As
of June 30, 2021, we were engaged in the following businesses: the production and sale of fertilizers through Jinong and Gufeng, the
production and sale of high-quality agricultural products by Yuxing, and the sales of agriculture materials by the sales VIEs. For financial
reporting purpose, our operations were organized into four main business segments based on locations and products: Jinong (fertilizer
production), Gufeng (fertilizer production) and Yuxing (agricultural products production) and the sales VIEs. Each of the segments has
its own annual budget about development, production and sales. 

46 

Each
of the four operating segments referenced above has separate and distinct general ledgers. The chief operating decision maker CODM makes decisions with respect to resources allocation and performance assessment upon receiving financial information, including revenue,
gross margin, operating income and net income produced from the various general ledger systems; however, net income by segment is the
principal benchmark to measure profit or loss adopted by the CODM. 

For Jinong, net loss increased 32.8 , by 5,060,604
to (20,482,770) for the year ended June 30, 2021, from (15,422,166) for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. The difference was due
to the increase in general and administrative expenses. 

For Gufeng, net loss increased by 10,628,251
or 12.0 to (99,310,549) for the year ended June 30, 2021 from (88,682,298) for year ended June 30, 2020. The difference was primarily
due to the decrease in net sales. 

For Yuxing, net income increased 50.1 , by 213,356,
to 639,313 for the year ended June 30, 2021 from 425,957 for year ended June 30, 2020. The increase of net income was mainly due to
higher net sales. 

For the sales VIEs, the net income (loss) was 4,629,663 for year ended
June 30, 2021, increased by 5,984,907 or 441.6 , from (1,355,244) for year ended June 30, 2020. The increase was mainly due to higher
net sales. 

For discontinued operations, the net income (loss) was (1,176,498)
for year ended June 30, 2021, decreased by 4,685,246 or 133.5 , from 3,508,748 for year ended June 30, 2020. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
principal sources of liquidity include cash from operations, borrowings from local commercial banks and net proceeds of offerings of
our securities. 

As of June 30, 2021, cash and cash equivalents
were 18,593,944, an increase of 6,755,351, or 57.1 , from 11,838,593 as of June 30, 2020. 

We
intend to use the net proceeds from our securities offerings, as well as other working capital if required, to acquire new
businesses, upgrade production lines and complete Yuxing s new greenhouse facilities for agriculture products located on 88
acres of land in Hu County, 18 kilometers southeast of Xi an city. We believe that we have sufficient cash on hand and
positive projected cash flow from operations to support our business growth for the next twelve months to the extent we do not have
further significant acquisitions or expansions. However, if events or circumstances occur and we do not meet our operating plan as
expected, we may be required to seek additional capital and/or to reduce certain discretionary spending, which could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to achieve our business objectives. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may seek additional financing as
necessary for expansion purposes and when we believe market conditions are most advantageous, which may include additional debt
and/or equity financings. There can be no assurance that any additional financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all.
Any equity financing may result in dilution to existing stockholders and any debt financing may include restrictive
covenants. 

The
following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended June 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (12,879,517 
 (66,196,484 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (476,180 
 (97,483 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 14,302,100 
 9,751,265 
 
 Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents 
 5,712,763 
 (3,782,324 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 6,659,166 
 (60,325,026 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning balance 
 11,934,778 
 72,259,804 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, ending balance 
 18,593,944 
 11,934,778 

Operating
Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 12,879,517
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, a decrease of 53,316,967, or 80.5 from cash provided by operating activities of 66,196,484
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. The decrease was mainly attributable to lower inventories and lower advances to suppliers as
of June 30, 2021, comparing to June 30, 2020. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 was 476,180, an increase of 378,697, or 388.5 , from cash
used in investing activities of 97,483 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. This increase was mainly attribute to more fixed assets
purchase in 2021. 

47 

Financing
Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 was 14,302,100, an increase of 4,550,835, or 46.7 from cash used in financing activities of 9,751,265
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. The increase was mainly due to the proceeds from the sale of common stock with total amount
of 14,000,000. During the year ended June 30, 2021, we received 4,078,350 from the proceeds from loans compared to 3,537,500 of proceeds
from loans for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. During the year ended June 30, 2021, we repaid 3,776,250 loans compared to 3,537,500
of loans repayment for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. During the year ended June 30, 2021, we didn t pay any convertible notes
by cash compared to repayments of 1,110,735 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. 

As
of June 30, our loans payable was as follows: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Short term loans payable: 
 4,179,600 
 3,537,500 
 
 Total 
 4,179,600 
 3,537,500 

Accounts
Receivable 

We had accounts receivable of 126,521,991 as
of June 30, 2021, as compared to 132,393,115 as of June 30, 2020, a decrease of 5,871,124 or 4.4 . As of June 30, 2021, Gufeng had accounts
receivable of 38,055,011, a decrease of 11,512,949, or 23.2 , compared to 49,567,960 as of June 30, 2020. As of June 30, 2021, 

Allowance for doubtful accounts in accounts receivable
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 was 23,738,987, a decrease of 7,204,888 or 23.3 from 30,943,875 as of June 30, 2020. And the
allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of accounts receivable was 18.8 as of June 30, 2021 and 23.4 as of June 30, 2020. The
impact of COVID-19 caused the difficulty of accounts receivable collection, resulting in higher allowance for doubtful accounts of the
company, 

Deferred
Assets 

We
had no deferred assets as of June 30, 2021 and 2020. During the twelve months, we assisted the distributors in certain marketing
efforts and developing standard stores to expand our competitive advantage and market shares. Based on the distributor agreements, the
amount owed by the distributors in certain marketing efforts and store development will be expensed over three years if the distributors
are actively selling our products. If a distributor defaults, breaches, or terminates the agreement with us earlier than the contractual
terms, the unamortized portion of the amount owed by the distributor is payable to us immediately. The deferred assets had been
fully amortized as of June 30, 2021. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, which requires the Company to use the assets and liability
method of accounting for income taxes. Under the assets and liability method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences
of temporary differences by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between financial statement
carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax credit carry forward. Under this accounting
standard, the effect on deferred income taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment
date. A valuation allowance is recognized if it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, a deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

ASC
740-10, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes defines uncertainty in income taxes and the evaluation of a tax position is a two-step
process. The first step is to determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including
the resolution of any related appeals or litigation based on the technical merits of that position. The second step is to measure a tax
position that meets the more-likely-than-not threshold to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the financial statements.
A tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate
settlement. Tax positions that previously failed to meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be recognized in the first
subsequent period in which the threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not criteria
should be de-recognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which the threshold is no longer met. 

Inventories 

We had inventories of 64,315,903 as of June 30,
2021, compared to 98,408,639 as of June 30, 2020, a decrease of 34,092,736, or 34.6 . The principal reason for the decrease is
due to the decrease of Gufeng s inventory. As of June 30, 2021, Gufeng s inventory was 36,617,573, compared to 75,129,594
as of June 30, 2020, a decrease of 38,512,021, or 51.3 . 

48 

Advances
to Suppliers 

We had advances to suppliers of 23,884,772 as
of June 30, 2021, comparing to 65,002,723 as of June 30, 2020, representing a decrease of 41,117,951, or 63.3 . Our inventory level
may fluctuate from time to time, depending how fast the raw material is consumed and replenished during the production process, and how
fast the finished goods are sold. The replenishment of raw material relies on the management s estimate of numerous factors,
including but not limited to, the raw materials future price, and spot price along with their volatility, as well as the seasonal
demand and future price of finished fertilizer products. Such estimate may not be accurate, and the purchase decision of raw materials
based on the estimate can cause excessive inventories in slow sales and insufficient inventories in peak times. 

Accounts
Payable 

We had accounts payable of 16,868,942 as of June
30, 2021 as compared to 17,274,034 as of June 30, 2020, representing a decrease of 405,092, or 2.3 . The decrease was primarily due
to lower accounts payable for VIEs. It has account payable of 14,736,412 as of June 30, 2021, comparing to 15,870,778 as of June 30,
2020, representing a decrease of 1,134,366, or 7.1 . 

Unearned
Revenue (Customer Deposit) 

We had unearned revenue of 6,257,215 as of June
30, 2021, comparing to 7,326,889 as of June 30, 2020, representing a decrease of 1,069,674, or 14.6 . The decrease was mainly attributable
to Gufeng s 4,948,793 unearned revenue as of June 30, 2021, comparing to 5,611,017 unearned revenue as of June 30, 2020, representing
a decrease of 662,224, or 11.8 , caused by the advancement of deposits made by client. We expect to deliver products to our customers
during the next three months at which time we will recognize the revenue. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Management s
discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. Our financial statements reflect the selection
and application of accounting policies which require management to make significant estimates and judgments. See Note 2 to our consolidated
financial statements, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. We believe that the following
paragraphs reflect the most critical accounting policies that currently affect our financial condition and results of operations: 

Use
of estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the amount of revenues and expenses during
the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made. However,
actual results and outcomes may differ from management s estimates and assumptions due to risks and uncertainties, including uncertainty
in the current economic environment due to the recent outbreak of COVID-19. 

Revenue
recognition 

Sales
revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, the
delivery is completed, we have no other significant obligations and collectability is reasonably assured. Payments received before all
the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue. 

Our
revenue consists of invoiced value of goods, net of a value-added tax (VAT). No product return or sales discount allowance is made as
products delivered and accepted by customers are normally not returnable and sales discounts are normally not granted after products
are delivered. 

Cash
and cash equivalents 

For
statement of cash flows purposes, we consider all cash on hand and in banks, certificates of deposit and other highly-liquid investments
with maturities of three months or less, when purchased, to be cash and cash equivalents. 

49 

Accounts
receivable 

Our
policy is to maintain reserves for potential credit losses on accounts receivable. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable
and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer
payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. Any accounts receivable of Jinong and Gufeng that are outstanding for more
than 180 days will be accounted as allowance for bad debts, and any accounts receivable of Yuxing that are outstanding for more than
90 days will be accounted as allowance for bad debts. 

Assets
held for sale 

Assets
held for sale represent certain equipment from our Jintai facility that has been relocated. The carrying amount of the assets held for
sale equals the fair value of the assets less disposal costs. These assets were sold prior to June 30, 2021. 

Deferred
assets 

Deferred
assets represent amounts the Company advanced to the distributors in their marketing and stores development to expand our competitive
advantage and market shares. Based on the distributor agreements, the amount owed by the distributors in certain marketing efforts
and store development will be expensed over three years if the distributors are actively selling our products. If a distributor defaults,
breaches, or terminates the agreement with us earlier than the realization of the contractual terms, the unamortized portion of the amount
owed by the distributor is to be refunded to us immediately. The deferred assets had been fully amortized as of June 30, 2021. 

Segment
reporting 

FASB
ASC 280 requires use of the management approach model for segment reporting. The management approach model is based on
the way a company s management organizes segments within the company for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
Reportable segments are based on products and services, geography, legal structure, management structure, or any other way management
disaggregates a company. 

As
of June 30, 2021, we were organized into seven main business units: Jinong (fertilizer production), Gufeng (fertilizer production),
Yuxing (agricultural products production), Lishijie (agriculture sales), Jinyangguang (agriculture sales), Wangtian (agriculture sales)
and Fengnong (agriculture sales). For financial reporting purpose, our operations were organized into four main business segments based
on locations and products: Jinong (fertilizer production), Gufeng (fertilizer production) and Yuxing (agricultural products production)
and the sales VIEs. Each of the segments has its own annual budget regarding development, production, and sales. 

Item
7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 

Disclosures
about Market Risk 

We
may be exposed to changes in financial market conditions in the normal course of business. Market risk generally represents the risk
that losses may occur because of movements in interest rates and equity prices. We currently do not, in the normal course of business,
use financial instruments that are subject to changes in financial market conditions. 

Currency
Fluctuations and Foreign Currency Risk 

Substantially
all our revenues and expenses are denominated in RMB. However, we use the U.S. dollar for financial reporting purposes. Conversion of
RMB into foreign currencies is regulated by the People s Bank of China through a unified floating exchange rate system. Although
the PRC government has stated its intention to support the value of RMB, there can be no assurance that such exchange rate will not again
become volatile or that RMB will not devalue significantly against U.S. dollar. Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect the value,
in U.S. dollar terms, of our net assets and income derived from our operations in the PRC. 

Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. Except
for U.S. holding companies, all our consolidated revenues, consolidated costs and expenses, and our assets are denominated in RMB. As
a result, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk as our revenues and results of operations may be affected by fluctuations in the exchange
rate between U.S. dollars and RMB. If RMB depreciates against the U.S. dollar, the value of our RMB revenues, earnings and assets as expressed
in our U.S. dollar financial statements will decline. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates as of the balance sheet
dates, revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates, and shareholders equity is translated at historical
exchange rates. Any resulting translation adjustments are not included in determining net income but are included in determining other
comprehensive income, a component of shareholders equity. As of June 30, 2021, our accumulated other comprehensive income was 2
million. We have not entered any hedging transactions to reduce our exposure to foreign exchange risk. The value of RMB against the U.S.
dollar and other currencies is affected by, among other things, changes in the PRC s political and economic conditions. Between
July 1, 2020 and June 30, 2021, China s currency increased by a cumulative 9.5 against the U.S. dollar. The effect on trade can
be substantial. Moreover, it is possible that, in the future, PRC authorities may lift restrictions on fluctuations in RMB exchange rate
and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market. 

50 

Interest
Rate Risk 

We
deposit surplus funds with Chinese banks earning daily interest. We do not invest in any instruments for trading purposes. All our outstanding
debt instruments carry fixed rates of interests. The amount of short-term debt outstanding as of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 was
 4.2 million and 3.5 million, respectively. We are exposed to interest rate risk primarily with respect to our short-term bank loans.
Although the interest rates, which are based on the banks prime rates with respect to our short-term loans, are fixed for the
terms of the loans, the terms are typically three to twelve months for short-term bank loans and interest rates are subject to change
upon renewal. There were no material changes in interest rates for short-term bank loans renewed during the fiscal year ended June 30,
2021. The original loan term on average is one year, and the remaining average life of the short term-loans is eleven months. 

Management
monitors the banks prime rates in conjunction with our cash requirements to determine the appropriate level of debt balances relative
to other sources of funds. We have not entered any hedging transactions to reduce our exposure to interest rate risk. 

Credit
Risk 

We
have not experienced significant credit risk, as most of our customers are long-term customers with superior payment records. Our receivables
are monitored regularly by our credit managers. 

Inflation
Risk 

Inflationary
factors such as increases in the cost of our products and overhead costs may adversely affect our operating results. Although we do not
believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, a high rate of inflation
in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and selling, general and administrative
expenses as a percentage of net revenues if the selling prices of our products do not increase with these increased costs. 

Risk
of epidemics, pandemics, or other outbreaks 

The
outbreak of COVID-19 has adversely affected, and in the future it or other epidemics, pandemics or outbreaks may adversely affect, our
operations. This is or may be due to closures or restrictions requested or mandated by governmental authorities, disruption to supply
chains and workforce, reduction of demand for our products and services, and credit losses when customers and other counterparties fail
to satisfy their obligations to us. We share most of these risks with all businesses. 

In
addition, the COVID-19 outbreak has significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty. The current outbreak and continued spread
of COVID-19 may cause a global recession, which would have a further adverse impact on our financial condition and operations, and this
impact could exist for an extensive period. 

The
Company is continuing to monitor the situation and take appropriate actions in accordance with the recommendations and requirements of
relevant authorities. The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s operational and financial performance
is currently uncertain and will depend on many factors outside the Company s control, including, without limitation, the timing,
extent, trajectory and duration of the pandemic, the development and availability of effective treatments and vaccines, the imposition
of protective public safety measures, and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy and demand for consumer products. 

Additional
future impacts on the Company may include, but are not limited to, material adverse effects on: demand for the Company s products
and services; the Company s supply chain and sales and distribution channels; the Company s ability to execute its strategic
plans; and the Company s profitability and cost structure. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects the Company s
business, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks
described above. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Balance
sheets, as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, and statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, together with the related notes and the reports of our independent registered public accounting
firms, are set forth on the F pages of this report. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not
applicable. 

51 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), at the conclusion of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 we carried out an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Report, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective and adequately designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms and that
such information was accumulated and communicated to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, in a manner that allowed
for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements. 

Any system of internal control, no matter how
well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden and misstatements
due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected in a timely manner. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness
may vary over time. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
statement preparation. In addition, the design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with
policies or procedures. Therefore, any current evaluation of controls cannot and should not be projected to future periods. 

Management assessed our internal control over
financial reporting as of the year ended June 30, 2021. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 framework (COSO) in the report entitled Internal Control-Integrated
Framework. The COSO framework summarizes each of the components of a company s internal control system, including (i) the
control environment, (ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication, and (v) monitoring. 

Based on management s assessment using the
COSO criteria, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30,
2021 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

We are not required to have our internal control
over financial reporting as of June 30, 2021 audited by our auditors because we are a smaller reporting company. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2021 that has materially affected or is reasonably
likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

There is no other information required to be disclosed under this item
which was not previously disclosed. 

52 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

Set forth below are the names of our directors,
executive officers and significant employees of our company as of the date of this Form 10-K, their ages, all positions and offices that
they hold with us, the periods during which they have served as such, and their business experience during at least the last five years. 

Term as 

Director of 
 
 Name 
 
 Position with the Company 
 
 Age 
 
 Company 

Zhuoyu Li 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, President 
 
 29 
 
 2017 - Present 

Yongcheng Yang 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 56 
 
 2017 - Present 

Jian Huang 
 
 Director 
 
 32 
 
 2021 - Present 

Xiaolai Li 
 
 Director 
 
 49 
 
 2021 - Present 

Shiyu Zhang 
 
 Director 
 
 27 
 
 April 2021 - Present 

Compensation Committee Member 

Audit Committee Member 

Nominating Committee Member 

Daqing Zhu 
 
 Director 
 
 56 
 
 2017 - Present 

Chairman of the Audit Committee 

Compensation Committee Member 

Nominating Committee Member 

Lianfu Liu 
 
 Director 
 
 82 
 
 2007 - Present 

Chairman of the Nominating Committee 

Audit Committee Member 

Compensation Committee Member 

Jinjun Lu 
 
 Director 
 
 48 
 
 2017 - Present 

Chairman of the Compensation Committee 

Audit Committee Member 

Nominating Committee Member 

53 

Name 
 
 Position with the Company and Principal Occupations 

Zhuoyu Li 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer since 2017. Mr. Li was President of the Company until the death of his father,
 Tao Li, in December 2017, at which time he was appointed to serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive
 Officer. Mr. Li has six years of experience in agricultural industry. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Li has served as Chief
 Operating Officer at the Company s affiliate, 900LH.com Food Co., Ltd. 900LH.com since January 2016. From
 January 2015 to January 2016, Mr. Li served as a senior manager at the international department of 900LH.com, where he helped to
 develop the international market. Mr. Li served as a senior manager at the customer center of 900LH.com from March 2013 through
 January 2015. He studied business at the University of Auckland in 2012. We believe Mr. Li s practical experience from serving
 as President of the Company and with 900LH.com qualify him to serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the
 Company. 

Yongcheng Yang 
 
 Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Yang has served as the Chief Financial Officer of our company since 2017. He served as Senior Vice President of Finance since January 2016. Before that, Mr. Yang served as the chief financial officer of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Beijing Gufeng Chemical Products Co., Ltd. Gufeng since July 2010. Earlier, Mr. Yang had served various senior, and executive level positions in finance for the Company and the Company s affiliate, Xi an Techteam Investment Holding (Group) Co., Ltd, since 2002. Mr. Yang started his career in accounting and finance at Shaanxi Weidong Chemistry Co., Ltd from 1989 to 2002. Mr. Yang graduated from Xi an Jiaotong University in 1989 with his bachelor s degree in accounting. 

Jian Huang 
 
 Director. Mr. Huang has served as a director of our company since August 30, 2021. Mr. Huang is an experienced investor in blockchains and crypto currencies. He was the founder of ChainVC, a digital asset fund focusing on the blockchain industry, and invested in a series of blockchain companies and digital asset funds including BitFund. Mr. Huang received an EMBA degree from Guanghua School of Management of Peking University. 

Xiaolai Li 
 
 Director. Mr. Li has served as a director of our company since August
 30, 2021. Mr. Li is the founding partner of INBlockchain Inc., a venture capital company based in Beijing, China with a focus on
 blockchain assets. He has invested in numerous early-stage blockchain projects, including Invictus Capital, Sia, ZCash,
 Steemit, EOS.io, and MoibileCoin. Mr. Li has managed multiple digital assets funds, including BitFund from 2013 to 2015. Mr. Li
 holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in accounting from Changchun University. 

Shiyu Zhang 
 
 Director, Audit Committee Member, Compensation Committee Member and Nominating Committee Member. Mr. Zhang has served as a director of our company since April 8, 2021. Mr. Zhang is a seasoned developer and entrepreneur in the blockchain industry. He had worked at Lino, a startup company that created dlive.tv, a blockchain-powered live streaming platform with 9.6 million monthly active users. In Lino, Mr. Zhang led a team in designing and developing state-of-art blockchain systems. Lino raised over 20 million early investments from established investors including ZhenFund and first-tier crypto venture funds. dlive.tv was acquired by BitTorrent in December 2019. Mr. Zhang holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in mathematics with minor in computer science from New York University. 

Daqing Zhu 
 
 Director, Chairman of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee Member and Nominating Committee Member. Mr. Zhu has served as the president of Shaanxi Aisuo Consulting Co. Ltd., a company specializing in providing professional management and finance services, since 2014. In 2004, Mr. Zhu founded Shaanxi Xintianyou Auto Dealership Co. Ltd, a dealership of auto sales and services for various brands, including BYD Auto, and had served as its CEO and Chairman of the Board until 2014. In addition to founding and developing commercial businesses, Mr. Zhu had also worked in the public sector since the 1990s. His public administration experience includes working at various agencies and offices of the Shaanxi provincial government from 1990 to 2004. Earlier in his career, in the 1980 s, Mr. Zhu was a corporate banking officer at Industrial and Commercial Bank of China in Xi an. As the corporate leader with responsibility for all aspects of business management, Mr. Zhu has executive level experience in financial management, internal control, marketing to individuals and small businesses, sales, customer care, operations, product management, electronic commerce, financial services, executive compensation, strategic planning, technology, and mergers and acquisitions. 

Lianfu Liu 
 
 Director, Chairman of Nominating Committee, Audit Committee Member and Compensation Committee Member. Mr. Liu has served as a director of our company since December 26, 2007. Mr. Liu has served as the Chairman of the China Green Food Association since 1998. From 1992 to 1998, Mr. Liu was a Director and Senior Engineer for the China Green Food Development Center. Prior to that, Mr. Liu was a Vice Director of the PRC Ministry of Agriculture. Mr. Liu graduated from Beijing Forestry University and studied soil conservation. We believe Mr. Liu s experience in the agricultural industry in the PRC allows him to bring a unique perspective as an independent director of our company. 

54 

Jinjun Lu 
 
 Director, Chairman of Compensation Committee, Audit Committee Member and Nominating Committee Member. Mr. Lu is the co-founder of Shaanxi Jinfenghui Technology Co. Ltd Jinfenghui since he started in 2014. Drawing on years of entrepreneurial experience, Mr. Lu plans to grow Jinfenghui into one of the largest mobile terminal device manufacturers in northwestern China. At Jinfenghui, Mr. Lu oversees corporate growth plans, budgets capital expenditures, seeks investment funds, and designs marketing strategies for Jinfenghui products to penetrate target markets. Before founding Jinfenghui, in 1998 he founded Xinjiang Yongan Engineering Co. Ltd in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, a provincial-level autonomous region of China in the northwest of the country. Earlier in the 1990s, Mr. Lu began his entrepreneurship career as a distributor for Lining-branded garment products in Henan Province, which he grew into the largest wholesale venture for Lining in the region. As a founder of several enterprises and a seasoned entrepreneur, Mr. Lu not only has executive experience in strategic management, marketing and sales, and technology, but also brings his experience as a founder from different industries. 

All directors of our company hold office until
the next annual meeting of our shareholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The executive officers of our company
are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation, or removal from office. 

Family Relationships 

There is no family relationship among any of our
officers or directors. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors
or executive officers was involved in any legal proceedings during the last 10 years as described in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies
to all our employees and officers, and the members of our Board of Directors, which was amended and restated in 2010. The Amended and
Restated Code of Ethics (the Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.cgagri.com. Printed copies are available
upon request without charge. Any amendment to or waiver of the Code of Ethics will be disclosed on our website promptly following the
date of such amendment or waiver. 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee is responsible for: (i)
overseeing the corporate accounting and financial reporting practices; (ii) recommending the selection of our registered public
accounting firm; (iii) reviewing the extent of non-audit services to be performed by the auditors; and (iv) reviewing the
disclosures made in our periodic financial reports. The members of the Audit Committee are Messrs. Daqing Zhu, Lianfu Liu, Jinjun
Lu, and Shiyu Zhang, each of whom is an independent director within the meaning of the rules of the NYSE and Rule 10A-3 promulgated
by the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In addition, the Board has
determined that Mr. Zhu qualifies as an Audit Committee Financial Expert under applicable SEC Rules. The Chairman of the Audit
Committee is Mr. Zhu. The Audit Committee held four meetings during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. The Audit Committee carries
out its responsibilities in accordance with the terms of its Audit Committee Charter, a copy of which was attached as Annex A to our
Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for our 2010 Annual Meeting, filed with the SEC on October 28, 2010, and is also
available on our website at www.cgagri.com. 

55 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee determines matters
pertaining to the compensation of executive officers and other significant employees, and administers our stock and incentive plans. The
members of the Compensation Committee are Messrs. Jinjun Lu, Lianfu Liu, Daqing Zhu, and Shiyu Zhang. The Chairman of the Compensation Committee is
Mr. Lu. The Compensation Committee held one meeting during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. Each of the members of the Compensation
Committee is a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, and an outside director 
within the meaning of Section 162(m) under the Internal Revenue Code. The Compensation Committee carries out its responsibilities pursuant
to a written charter, a copy of which was attached as Annex C to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for our 2009 annual meeting,
filed with the SEC on October 28, 2009, and is also available on our website at www.cgagri.com. 

Nominating Committee 

The Nominating Committee identifies and nominates
candidates to serve on our Board. The members of the Nominating Committee are Messrs. Jinjun Lu, Lianfu Liu, Daqing Zhu, and Shiyu Zhang. The Chairman
of the Nominating Committee is Mr. Liu. The Nominating Committee held one meeting during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. A copy of
our Nominating Committee Charter was attached as Annex B to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for our 2010 annual meeting,
filed with the SEC on October 28, 2010, and is also available on our website at www.cgagri.com. See Director Nominations 
below for the procedures for the nomination of directors. 

Board Leadership Structure and Board s Role in the Oversight
of Risk Management 

Our Board believes it is important to select our
Chairman and our Chief Executive Officer in the manner it considers in the best interests of our company at any given point in time. Due
to Mr. Li and his family s influence in the industry, our Board has determined that the most effective leadership structure for
our company is for Mr. Li to serve as both our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Our Board benefits from the Chairman having direct
knowledge of the operations of, and opportunities and challenges facing, our business on a regular and company-wide basis. Mr. Li s
combined role as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer fosters greater communication between the Board and management and provides unified
leadership for carrying out our company s strategic initiatives and business plans. 

To counterbalance the potential for ineffective
Board oversight, we have adopted a governance structure that includes: (i) a designated lead independent director; (ii) annual elections
of directors by most votes cast at the annual meeting of shareholders; (iii) committees composed entirely of independent directors; and
(iv) established corporate governance and ethics guidelines. Our Board appointed Mr. Daqing Zhu to serve as the Board s lead independent
director. The lead independent director acts as an intermediary between the Board and senior management. Among other things, the lead
independent director is responsible for facilitating communication among directors and between the Board and the Chief Executive Officer,
working with the Chief Executive Officer to provide an appropriate information flow to the Board, and chairing executive sessions of the
independent directors. Executive sessions of our independent directors occur following regularly scheduled quarterly audit committee meetings,
and at such other times as the independent directors deem appropriate. However, the Board recognizes that circumstances may change over
time and as they do, changes to the leadership structure may be warranted. 

The Board has an active role, directly and through
its committees, in the oversight of our risk management efforts. The Board carries out this oversight role through several levels of review.
The Board regularly reviews and discusses with members of management information regarding the management of risks inherent in the operations
of our businesses and the implementation of our strategic plan, including our risk mitigation efforts. 

In accordance with corporate governance standards
of the NYSE, the Audit Committee charter assigns to that committee the responsibility to review our policies and practices with respect
to risk assessment and risk management, including major financial risk exposures, and the steps management has taken to monitor and control
such exposures. Additionally, each of the Board s committees also oversees the management of our risks that are under each committee s
areas of responsibility. For example, the Audit Committee oversees management of accounting, auditing, external reporting, internal controls,
and cash investment risks. The Nominating Committee oversees our compliance policies, Code of Conduct, conflicts of interests, director
independence and corporate governance policies. The Compensation Committee oversees risks arising from compensation practices and policies.
In this manner, the Board can coordinate its risk oversight. 

56 

Director Nominations 

The Nominating Committee recommends director candidates
and will consider for such recommendation director candidates proposed by management, other directors, and stockholders. All director
candidates will be evaluated based on the criteria identified below, regardless of the identity of the individual or the entity or person
who proposed the director candidate. 

The selection of director nominees includes consideration
of factors deemed appropriate by the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board. We may engage a firm to assist in identifying,
evaluating, and conducting due diligence on potential board nominees. Factors will include integrity, achievements, judgment, intelligence,
personal character, any prior contact or relationship between a candidate and a current or former director or officer of our company,
the interplay of the candidate s relevant experience with the experience of other Board members, the willingness of the candidate
to devote adequate time to Board duties and the likelihood that he or she will be willing and able to serve on the Board for a sustained
period. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will consider the candidate s independence, as defined by the rules of
the SEC and the NYSE. Relating to the selection, due consideration will be given to the Board s overall balance of diversity of
perspectives, backgrounds, and experiences. Experience, knowledge, and skills to be represented on the Board include, among other considerations,
financial expertise (including an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the SEC s rules), financing
experience, related industry experience, strategic planning, business development, and community leadership. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

Overview 

This section contains a discussion of the material
elements of compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer, and our other
executive officers whose total compensation exceeded 100,000 during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. Accordingly, our Named
Executive Officers are Mr. Zhuoyu Li, our Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Yongcheng Yang, our Chief Financial Officer. 

Our Board established the Compensation
Committee to assist with the analysis and determination of the compensation structure for our executive officers. Our Compensation
Committee, consisting of four independent directors, reviews and approves, or in some cases recommends for the approval of the full
Board, the annual compensation for our executive officers. Typically, management recommends to the Compensation Committee
compensation package proposals based on prevailing compensation standards in our industry, which in turn reviews and approves such
proposals. Our Compensation Committee may consult with the executive officers to form consensus on such packages. Our executive
officers may discuss any disagreements and needed amendment to such proposals with our Compensation Committee before such proposals
are finalized and approved by the Compensation Committee. 

Compensation Objectives 

Our compensation objectives are as follows: 

We strive to provide competitive executive compensation programs that will help to attract highly qualified individual s necessary for our continued growth. Once an executive is hired, our goal is to retain and motivate them to achieve higher levels of performance and be appropriately rewarded for that effort. 

Compensation and benefits are competitive with the local labor markets in which we compete, and focus also will be given to companies that operate in the agriculture, feed, and fertilizer industries. Peer companies will typically have annual revenues that are one-half to double that of us, for the purposes of compensation benchmarking. 

We provide an executive compensation package consisting of base salary, incentives (short term long term), and benefits that are consistent with similar positions at our recognized competitors. Each component addresses individual and company performance with a focus on long-term profitable growth and shareholder return, competitive conditions, and our overall financial performance. 

All compensation programs are administered without regard to race, religion, national origin, color, sex, age, or disability, and adhere to all local laws and regulations. 

57 

Elements of Compensation 

Base Salary 

Our approach is to pay our executives a base salary
that is competitive with those of other executive officers in similar positions and with similar responsibilities in our peer group of
competitive companies. We believe that a competitive base salary is a necessary element of any compensation program that is designed to
attract and retain talented and experienced executives. We also believe that attractive base salaries can motivate and reward executives
for their overall performance. 

Stock-Based Awards under the Equity Incentive Plan 

In addition to base salary, the other key component
of executive compensation we provide to our Named Executive Officers is equity-based compensation. In October 2009, our Board adopted
our 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), which was approved by our shareholders at our annual shareholders meeting in
December 2009. The Plan gives us the ability to grant stock options, stock appreciation rights (SARs), restricted stock and other stock-based
awards to employees or consultants of our company or of any subsidiary of our company and to non-employee members of our advisory board
or our Board or the board of directors of any of our subsidiaries. The Board and the Compensation Committee believe the ability to grant
restricted stock, stock options and make other stock-based awards under the Plan is an important factor in attracting, stimulating and
retaining qualified and distinguished personnel with proven ability and vision to serve as employees, officers, consultants or members
of the Board or advisory board of our company and our subsidiaries, and to chart our course towards continued growth and financial success. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

On August 9, 2012, the Board adopted the Company s
2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), which became effective as of such date. The Board adopted the Company s
Third Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the Restated ESPP on May 15, 2015. The Restated ESPP reserved
a total of 3,750,000 shares of Common Stock, including 1,250,000 shares of Common Stock that was increased the third time. Shareholder
approval is not required with respect to the issuance under the ESPP pursuant to Sections 303A.08 or 312.03 of the NYSE Listed Company
Manuel. The ESPP has been delegated to be administered by the Compensation Committee since October 19, 2012. Any employee of the Company
or any parent (if any) and subsidiary corporation of the Company (the Affiliate ), who is not a natural person resident in
the United States, who has been in the employ of the Company or any Affiliate for such continuous period as required by the Board preceding
the grant of rights under the ESPP is eligible to participate in the ESPP during the applicable offering period, subject to administrative
rules established by the Compensation Committee. 

58 

The ESPP is implemented by sequential offerings,
the commencement and duration of which are determined by the Compensation Committee. The purchase price at which each share of Common
Stock may be acquired in an offering period upon the exercise of all or any portion of a purchase right are established by the Compensation
Committee. However, the purchase price on each purchase date shall not be less than the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on
the purchase date. 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2014, the
Company issued 118,778 shares of common stock at the market price of 4.42 per share to Mr. Tao Li 525,000 in total), then the Company s
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer under the ESPP on September 26, 2013. The Company also issued 533,165 shares of common stock at the
market price of 2.35 per share to certain employees enrolled in the ESPP 1,252,938 in total) on May 26, 2014. During the year ended
June 30, 2015, the Company issued 1,362,495 shares of common stock to its employees under the ESPP for cash of 2,946,746 and the Company
issued 326,483 shares of common stock to then its Chairman, Mr. Li, for cash proceeds of 626,847 under the ESPP. 

Retirement or Pension Benefits 

Currently, we do not provide any company sponsored retirement benefits
to any employee, including the Named Executive Officers. 

Deferred Compensation 

We do not have any qualified or nonqualified deferred compensation
plans. 

Perquisites 

Historically, we have provided our Named Executive
Officers with minimal perquisites and other personal benefits that we believe are reasonable. We do not view perquisites as a significant
component of compensation, but do believe they can be useful in attracting, motivating, and retaining the executive talent for which we
compete. We believe that these additional benefits assist our Named Executive Officers in performing their duties and provide time efficiencies
for them. It is expected that our historical practices regarding perquisites will continue and will be subject to periodic review by our
Board. 

59 

Summary Compensation Table Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2021,
2020 and 2019 

The following table sets forth information concerning
cash and non-cash compensation we and/or Jinong paid to our principal executive officer and our other most highly paid executive officer
(the named executive officers for services rendered in all capacities during the noted periods. No other executive officers
received total annual salary and bonus compensation more than 100,000 during each of the three fiscal years ended June 30, 2021, 2020
and 2019. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Nonqualified 

Non-Equity 

Deferred 

Stock 

Option 

Incentive Plan 

Compensation 

All Other 

Salary 

Bonus 

Awards 

Awards 

Compensation 

Earnings 

Compensation 

Total 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year Ended 

) 

) 

(1)( 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Zhuoyu Li 
 
 June 30, 2021 

300,000 

300,000 

Chief Executive 
 
 June 30, 2020 

300,000 

120,000 

420,000 

Officer, and Chairman 
 
 June 30, 2019 

300,000 

120,000 

420,000 

of the Board 

Yongcheng Yang 
 
 June 30, 2021 

180,000 

180,000 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 June 30, 2020 

180,000 

63,000 

243,000 

June 30, 2019 

180,000 

63,000 

243,000 

(1) 
 The amounts reported in this column reflect the fair value on the grant date of the restricted stock awards granted to our Named Executive Officers. These values are determined by multiplying the number of shares granted by the closing price of our common stock on the trading day immediately preceding the grant date. The dollar amounts do not necessarily reflect the dollar amounts of compensation realized or that may be realized by our Named Executive Officers. 

The Company has not used a compensation consultant
to determine or recommend the amount or form of executive or director compensation, but its management believes that its executive officer
compensation package is comparable to similar businesses in our location of operations. 

60 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company
granted no plan-based equity awards to Named Executive Officers. The following table sets forth information regarding grants of awards
to Named Executive Officers during the year ended June 30, 2021: 

GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS 

All 

Other 

All 

Stock 

Other 

Grant 

Awards: 

Option 

Date 

Number 

Awards: 

Exercise 

Fair 

Estimated Future Payouts 

of 

Number 

or 

Value 

Under 

Estimated Future Payouts 

Shares 

of 

Base 

of Stock 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan 

Under 

of 

Securities 

Price of 

And 

Awards 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards 

Stock or 

Underlying 

Option 

Option 

Grant 

Threshold 

Target 

Maximum 

Threshold 

Target 

Maximum 

Units 

Options 

Awards 

Awards 

Name 
 
 Date 

) 

) 

) 

(#) 

(#) 

) 

(#) 

(#) 

/Sh) 

)(1) 

Zhuoyu Li 

Yongcheng Yang 

(1) 
 With respect to the restricted stock awards, the grant date fair value is calculated by multiplying the number of shares granted by the closing price on the trading day immediately preceding the grant date. 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based
Awards Table 

61 

Employment Agreements 

Zhuoyu Li . Pursuant to an Employment agreement
between the Company and Zhuoyu Li when he was appointed by the Board of Directors effective May 19, 2016, Mr. Li received an annual base
salary of 100,000 and a bonus up to 40 for serving as the Company s President. In addition, Mr. Li receives stock awards to be
determined when the Company grants the awards to directors and officers under the Company s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended.
The initial term of the employment agreement is one year, which is automatically extended for additional one-year terms unless either
party provides written notice of termination sixty (60) days prior to the end of the prior term. On December 18, 2017, following the death
of Tao Li, the Company s Board of Directors appointed the Company s President, Mr. Zhuoyu Li, as its new Chairman and
CEO. For serving as the Company s Chairman and CEO, Mr. Zhuoyu Li receives the same compensation of Mr. Tao Li. In total, Mr.
Zhuoyu Li receives an annual base salary of 300,000 with a bonus of up to 40 and stock awards under the Company s 2009 Equity
Incentive Plan. 

Yongcheng Yang. On December 19, 2017,
the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Yongcheng Yang effective as of December 19, 2017. Pursuant to the terms of the
Employment Agreement, Mr. Yang will serve as our Chief Financial Officer for a term of one year at an annual salary of 180,000. Mr. Yang
is eligible for a yearly bonus at the discretion of our Board of Directors. The Employment Agreement will be automatically extended for
additional one-year terms unless either party provides a written notice of termination sixty (60) days prior to the end of the prior term.
Either party may terminate the Employment Agreement upon thirty (30) days written notice, or, at our discretion, we may terminate the
Employment Agreement immediately and substitute thirty (30) days salary in lieu of written notice. In the event of a breach of the Employment
Agreement by Mr. Yang, or in the event Mr. Yang is terminated for cause (as defined therein), the Employment Agreement may
be terminated immediately without notice and without further payments. 

Description of Plan Based Awards 

The equity incentive awards reported in the above
table entitled Grants of Plan Based Awards were granted under, and are subject to, the terms of our 2009 Equity Incentive
Plan, as amended (the Plan ). The Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee has authority
to interpret the plan provisions and make all required determinations under the Plan. 

With respect to all restricted stock grants disclosed
herein, if we terminate the grantee s employment or affiliation with us for any reason, all unvested portions of such restricted
stock grants are forfeited. Any shares of restricted stock that do not vest for failure to meet the requisite performance targets will
also be forfeited. 

With respect to all non-qualified stock option
grants disclosed herein, if we terminate the grantee s employment or affiliation with us for any reason, all unvested options are
forfeited. If the grantee s employment or affiliation with us is terminated voluntarily by the grantee or by us for cause, all vested
options are also terminated. In the event we terminate the grantee s employment or affiliation with us without cause, the grantee
has the lesser of ninety (90) days or the remaining term of the option to exercise any vested options. If we terminate the grantee s
employment or affiliation with us due to death or disability, the grantee has the lesser of twelve (12) months or the remaining term of
the option to exercise any vested options. In the case of non-qualified options subject to performance-based vesting, any options which
do not vest for failure to meet the requisite performance targets will be forfeited. 

62 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The following table provides information on all
restricted stock and stock option awards held by our Named Executive Officers as of June 30, 2021. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

Option Awards 

Stock Awards 

Equity 

Incentive 

Equity 

Plan 

Incentive 

Awards: 

Plan 

Market 

Awards: 

Or 

Equity 

Number 

Payout 

Incentive 

Number 

Market 

of 

Value of 

Plan 

of 

Value of 

Unearned 

Unearned 

Awards: 

Shares 

Shares 

Shares, 

Shares, 

Number of 

Number of 

Number of 

or Units 

or Units 

Units or 

Units or 

Securities 

Securities 

Securities 

of Stock 

of Stock 

Other 

Other 

Underlying 

Underlying 

Underlying 

That 

That 

Rights 

Rights 

Unexercised 

Unexercised 

Unexercised 

Option 

Have 

Have 

That 

That 

Options 

Options 

Unearned 

Exercise 

Option 

Not 

Not 

Have Not 

Have Not 

(#) 

(#) 

Options 

Price 

Expiration 

Vested 

Vested 

Vested 

Vested 

Name 

Exercisable 

Unexercisable 

(#) 

) 

Date 

(#) 

) 

(#) 

) 

Zhuoyu Li 

Yongcheng Yang 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested During the Fiscal Year 

OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED DURING THE FISCAL
YEAR 

Option Awards 

Stock Awards 

Number of 

Number of 

Shares 

Value 

Shares 

Value 

Acquired 

Realized 

Acquired 

Realized 

on Exercise 

on Exercise 

on Vesting 

on Vesting 

Name 
 
 (#) 

) 

(#) 

) 

Zhuoyu Li 

Yongcheng Yang 

63 

Director Compensation 

The following table sets forth information concerning cash and non-cash
compensation we paid to our directors during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. 

Fees 

Non- 

Earned 

Non-Equity 

Qualified 

or 

Deferred 

Incentive 

Paid in 

Stock 

Option 

Plan 

Compensation 

Other 

All 

Cash 

Awards 

Awards 

Compensation 

Earnings 

Compensation 

Total 

Name 
 
 ) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Shiyu Zhang 

Daqing Zhu 

Lianfu Liu 

Jinjun Lu 

Ale Fan 

The directors will also be reimbursed for all
their out-of-pocket expenses in traveling to and attending meetings of the Board and committees on which they serve. 

64 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

The members of the Compensation Committee
during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 were Messrs. Jinjun Lu, Daqing Zhu, Lianfu Liu, and Shiyu Zhang. During the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2021: 

none of the members of the Compensation Committee was an officer (or former officer) or employee of our company or any of its subsidiaries; 

none of the members of the Compensation Committee had a direct or indirect material interest in any transaction in which we were a participant and the amount involved exceeded 120,000; 

none of our executive officers served on the compensation committee (or another board committee with similar functions or, if none, the entire board of directors) of another entity where one of that entity s executive officers served on our Compensation Committee; 

none of our executive officers was a director of another entity where one of that entity s executive officers served on our Compensation Committee; and 

none of our executive officers served on the compensation committee (or another board committee with similar functions or, if none, the entire board of directors) of another entity where one of that entity s executive officers served as a director on our Board. 

Changes in Control 

The following table reflects amounts payable to
our Named Executive Officers (1) assuming their employment was terminated without cause on June 30, 2021, and (2) assuming a change in
control on June 30, 2021. 

Termination 

Without 
 Change in 
 
 Name 
 Cause (1) 
 Control (2) 

Zhuoyu Li 
 25,000 

(1) 
 Represents the payment to be made pursuant to contractual agreements with the Named Executive Officer as described below in this subsection. 

(2) 
 Amounts in this column reflect the value of unvested restricted stock that would be accelerated upon a change of control. The amounts are calculated based on the closing market price of a share of our common stock on June 30, 2021, i.e., 9.93 per share, multiplied by the number of unvested shares. 

Termination Clauses in Employment Agreements 

Zhuoyu Li. Pursuant to the terms of Mr.
Li s employment agreement with Jinong, Jinong may terminate Mr. Li s employment for any reason upon 30 days prior written
notice, in which case no termination payment is due. Alternatively, Jinong may terminate his employment immediately upon the payment of
one month s salary. In the case of termination for cause as defined therein, we may terminate Mr. Li s employment immediately
without pay. 

2009 Equity Incentive Plan Change in Control Provisions 

In the event of a change in control of our company,
and except as otherwise set forth in the applicable award agreement, all unvested portions of awards shall vest immediately. Awards, whether
then vested, shall be continued, assumed, or have new rights as determined by our Compensation Committee or a committee of the Board designated
to administer the Plan, and restrictions to which any shares of restricted stock or any other award granted prior to the change in control
are subject shall not lapse. Awards shall, where appropriate at the discretion of the Committee, receive the same distribution of our
common stock on such terms as determined by the Compensation Committee. Upon a change in control, the Committee may also provide for the
purchase of any awards for an amount of cash per share of common stock issuable under the award equal to the excess of the highest price
per share of our common stock paid in any transaction related to a change in control of our company over the exercise price of such award. 

65 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters 

The following table sets forth certain information
as of October 13, 2021, the latest applicable date, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock, the sole outstanding
class of our voting securities, by (i) any person or group owning more than 5 of each class of voting securities, (ii) each director,
(iii) each executive officer and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group. 

As of October 13, 2021, an aggregate of 8,487,629 shares of our common
stock were outstanding. 

Title of Class 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owners (1) 
 
 Amount and 
Nature of 
Beneficial 
Ownership 

Percent of 
Class (2) 

Greater Than 5 Shareholders 

Common Stock 
 
 Zhuoyu Li 

971,891 
 (3) 

11.5 

Common Stock 
 
 Shaanxi Baoyu Science and Technology Investment Company 

971,000 

11.4 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Common Stock 
 
 Zhuoyu Li 
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

971,891 

11.5 

Common Stock 
 
 Jian Huang 

Director 

Common Stock 
 
 Xiaolai Li 

Director 

Common Stock 
 
 Shiyu Zhang 

Director 

Common Stock 
 
 Daqing Zhu 
Director 

Common Stock 
 
 Jinjun Lu 
Director 

Common Stock 
 
 Lianfu Liu 
Director 

10,083 

0.1 

All executive officers and directors as a group 

981,974 

11.6 

Represents a percentage that is less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise stated, each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of the shares and the address of such person is c/o China Green Agriculture, Inc., 3rd Floor, Borough A, Block A. No. 181, South Taibai Road, Xian, Shaanxi Province, People s Republic of China 710065. The address of Shaanxi Baoyu Science and Technology Investment Company is 86 Gaoxin Road B-1-6F, Xi an, Shaanxi Province 710075, People s Republic of China. 

(2) 
 In determining the percent of common stock owned by the beneficial
owners, (a) the numerator is the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by such owner, including shares the beneficial ownership
of which may be acquired, within 60 days upon the exercise of the options, if any, held by the owner; and (b) the denominator is the sum
of (i) the total 8,487,629 shares of common stock outstanding as of October 13, 2021, and (ii) the number of shares underlying
the options, which such owner has the right to acquire upon the exercise of the options within 60 days (for those who have options), if
any. 

(3) 
 Includes 880,442 shares that Mr. Zhuoyu Li inherited from the estate of his father, Mr. Tao Li, of which 41,449 shares were held by Mr. Zhuoyu Li s mother. 

66 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

On October 27, 2009, our Board of Directors
(the Board adopted the Company s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan ). On December 11, 2009,
our stockholders approved the Incentive Plan. The Incentive Plan gives us the ability to grant stock options, stock appreciation rights
(SARs), restricted stock and other stock-based awards to our employees, consultants and to non-employee members of our advisory board
or our Board or the board of directors of any of our subsidiaries. On October 3, 2012, October 25, 2013 and May 15, 2015, our Board approved
the amendment to increase the shares covered by the Incentive Plan by three million shares. On April 23, 2019, our Board approved the
fourth amendment to increase the shares covered by the Incentive Plan by 3.9 million shares and an extension of the Plan for an additional
ten years. All four amendments were approved by our stockholders on the annual meetings held on December 15, 2012, December 22, 2013,
June 30, 2015, and June 22, 2019, respectively. As a result, a total of 0.37 million shares of Common Stock have been reserved under the
Incentive Plan. 

As of June 30, 2021, there were no outstanding
options to purchase shares of common stock granted under the Plan. Options granted in the future under the Incentive Plan are within the
discretion of our Board or our compensation committee, as delegated by the Board. The following table summarizes the number of shares
of our Common Stock authorized for issuance under our Incentive Plan as of June 30, 2021. 

Number of 

Securities 

Remaining 

available for 

Number of 
 
 Future 

securities to 
 
 Issuance 

be issued 
 Weighted- 
 Under 

upon 
 average 
 Equity 

exercise 
 exercise 
 compensation 

of 
 price of 
 Plans 

outstanding 
 outstanding 
 (excluding 

options, 
 options, 
 securities 

warrants 
 warrants 
 reflected in 

and rights 
 and rights 
 column (a)) 
 
 Plan category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

234,011 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

234,011 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

As of June 30, 2021, and June 30, 2020, the amount
due to related parties was 4,976,689 and 4,212,407, respectively. As of June 30, 2021, and June 30, 2020, 1,083,600 and 990,500, respectively
were amounts that Gufeng borrowed from a related party, Xi an Techteam Science Technology Industry (Group) Co. Ltd., a company
controlled by Mr. Zhuoyu Li, Chairman and CEO of the Company, representing unsecured, non-interest-bearing loans that are due on demand.
These loans are not subject to written agreements. As of June 30, 2021, and June 30, 2020, 3,861,449 and 3,192,986, respectively were advances from Mr. Zhuoyu
Li, Chairman and CEO of the Company. The advances were unsecured and non-interest-bearing. 

On July 1, 2020, Jinong signed an office rental
agreement with Kingtone Information Technology Co., Ltd. Kingtone Information ), of which Mr. Zhuoyu Li, Chairman and CEO
of the Company, served as Chairman. Pursuant to the rental agreement, Jinong rented 612 square meters (approximately 6,588 square feet)
of office space from Kingtone Information. The rental agreement provides for a two-year term effective as of July 1, 2020 with monthly
rent of RMB24,480 (approximately 3,790). 

Procedures for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

In November 2010, we adopted a written Related
Party Transactions Policy (the Policy ). According to the Policy, a Related Party Transaction is a transaction,
arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which we (including any of our subsidiaries)
are, were or will be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 120,000, and in which any related party had, has or will have a direct
or indirect material interest. The Policy s definition of a Related Party is in line with the definition
set forth in the instructions to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. 

67 

Under the Policy, our Chief Financial Officer
is responsible for determining whether a proposed transaction, as submitted by a Related Party is a Related Party Transaction that requires
the consideration and discussion of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is responsible for evaluating and assessing a proposed transaction
based on the facts and circumstances including those listed in the Policy, including comparing the terms of the proposed transaction and
the terms available to unrelated third parties or to employees generally. The Policy states that the Audit Committee shall approve only
those Related Party Transactions that are in, or are not inconsistent with, the best interests of our company and our stockholders. No
member of the Audit Committee shall participate in any review, consideration, or approval of any Related Party Transaction in which he
or she or any immediate family member directly or indirectly is involved. 

If we become aware of a Related Party Transaction
that has not been previously approved under the Policy, such transaction will be presented to the Audit Committee. A Related Party Transaction
entered without pre-approval of the Audit Committee shall not be deemed to violate the Policy, or be invalid or unenforceable, so
long as the transaction is brought to the Audit Committee as promptly as reasonably practical after it is entered and is subsequently
ratified by the Audit Committee. 

Communications with the Board 

Interested parties may communicate with any of
our directors, our Board as a group, our independent directors as a group or any committees of the Board by sending an e-mail to the Secretary
to the Board of Directors, at nonmgtdirectors@cgagri.com and indicating the intended recipient in the subject line, or by writing
to the Board at the Board of Directors, China Green Agriculture, Inc., 3rd Floor, Borough A, Block A. No. 181, South Taibai Road, Xian,
Shaanxi Province, People s Republic of China 710065. The Board has given Secretary to the Board of Directors the discretion
to distribute communications to the director or directors, after ascertaining whether the communications are appropriate to duties and
responsibilities of the Board. Communications that relate to ordinary business matters that are not within the scope of the Board s
responsibilities will be forwarded to the appropriate employee within our company. Solicitations, junk email and obviously frivolous or
inappropriate communications will not be forwarded. You will receive a written acknowledgement from the Secretary to the Board upon receipt
of your communication. 

Independence of the Board 

Our Board is currently composed of seven (7) members.
Daqing Zhu, Jinjun Lu, Lianfu Liu, and Shiyu Zhang qualify as independent directors in accordance with the published listing requirements
of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). The NYSE independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that
the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director nor any of his or her
family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, as further required by NYSE rules, our Board has
made an affirmative determination as to each independent director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our Board, would
interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In making these determinations,
our directors reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us regarding each director s business and personal
activities as they may relate to us and our management. Our directors hold office until their successors have been elected and qualified
or their earlier death, resignation, or removal. 

Board Meetings 

The Board held nine meetings, by telephone, in
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. In addition, the Board unanimously approved nine written consents on matters between meetings. During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, each incumbent director attended at least 75 of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board and
applicable committee meetings (held during the period for which he or she was a director) on which he or she served. We do not have a
formal policy regarding attendance by members of the Board at the annual meeting of stockholders, but we encourage all members of the
Board to attend the meetings. 

Promoters and Certain Control Persons 

We did not have any promoters at any time during the past five fiscal
years. 

Except as set forth in our discussion above, none
of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates
or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

68 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The following are the fees billed to us by our auditors during fiscal
years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020: 

Years Ended 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Audit Fees 
 260,000 
 273,000 
 
 Audit related fees 

Tax fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 260,000 
 273,000 

Audit Fees 

On February 6, 2020, the Company dismissed
KSP Group, Inc. as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company. On February 6, 2020, the Company engaged Raul
Carrega, CPA as its independent registered public accounting firm for the Company s fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. The
aggregate fees billed by Raul Carrega, CPA for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements
included in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, for the reviews of the financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q, for our Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 compliance audit, and for services regarding statutory and regulatory filings or
engagements were 43,000 for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021. 

On August 28, 2020, the Company dismissed Raul
Carrega, CPA as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company. On August 28, 2020, the Company engaged SS Accounting
and Auditing Inc. as its independent registered public accounting firm for the Company s fiscal year ended June 30, 2020 and 2021.
The aggregate fees billed by SS Accounting and Auditing Inc. for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial
statements included in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, for the reviews of the financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, for our Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 compliance audit, and for services regarding statutory and regulatory filings or engagements
were 260,000 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. 

Audit-Related Fees 

The aggregate fees billed by our principal accountants
for audit-related services was 0 for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Tax Fees 

We did not engage our principal accountants to provide tax or related
services during the last two fiscal years. 

All Other Fees 

We did not engage our principal accountants to render services to us
during the last two fiscal years, other than as reported above 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, all audit
and non-audit services performed by our auditors must be approved in advance by our Audit Committee to assure that such services do not
impair the auditors independence from us. In accordance with its policies and procedures, the Audit Committee pre-approved the
audit service performed by SS Accounting and Auditing Inc. for our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended June
30, 2021. 

The Company s principal accountant, SS Accounting
and Auditing Inc., did not engage any other persons or firms other than the principal accountant s full-time, permanent employees. 

69 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

The following financial statements of China Green
Agriculture, Inc. and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are presented in the F pages of this Report: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive (Loss) for the Years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) 
 Financial Schedules 

None. 

Financial statement schedules have been omitted
because they are either not applicable or the required information is included in the financial statements or notes hereto. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

The exhibits listed in the accompanying index
to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Report. 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

See the Exhibit Index following the signature
page of this report, which Index is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable 

70 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

China Green Agriculture, Inc. 

Date: October 13, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Zhuoyu Li 

Zhuoyu Li, CEO 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

October 13, 2021 
 
 /s/ Zhuoyu Li 

Zhuoyu Li, Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO (principal executive officer) 

October 13, 2021 
 
 /s/ Yongcheng Yang 

Yongcheng Yang, Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer and 

principal accounting officer) 

October 13, 2021 
 
 /s/ Shiyu Zhang 

Shiyu Zhang, Director 

October 13, 2021 
 
 /s/ Jian Huang 

Jian Huang, Director 

October 13, 2021 
 
 /s/ Xiaolai Li 

Xiaolai Li, Director 

October 13, 2021 
 
 /s/ Lianfu Liu 

Lianfu Liu, Director 

October 13, 2021 
 
 /s/ Daqing Zhu 

Daqing Zhu, Director 

October 13, 2021 
 
 /s/ Jinjun Lu 

Jinjun Lu, Director 

71 

China Green Agriculture, Inc. 

Exhibit Index to Annual Report on Form 10-K 

For the Year Ended June 30, 2021 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB, for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, filed with the SEC on November 9, 2007, Exhibit 3.1). 

3.2 
 Certificate of Change filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on December 18, 2007 (incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 2, 2008, Exhibit 4.2). 

3.3 
 Certificate of Correction (incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on February 8, 2008, Exhibit 4.1). 

3.4 
 Articles of Merger (incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 5, 2008, Exhibit 3.1). 

3.5 
 Bylaws (incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB, for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, filed with the SEC on November 9, 2007, Exhibit 3.2). 

3.6 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws
(incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 17, 2011, Exhibit 3.1). 

4.1 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on June 8, 2009, Exhibit 4.1). 

4.2 
 Form Convertible Note issued by Shaanxi Techteam Jinong Humic Acid Product Co., Ltd. (Incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2016). 

10.3 
 Share Transfer Agreement, dated July 1, 2010, by and between Shaanxi TechTeam Jinong Humic Acid Product Co., Ltd., Qing Xin Jiang and Qiong Jia (Incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2010). 

10.4 
 Supplementary Agreement, dated July 1, 2010, by and between Shaanxi TechTeam Jinong Humic Acid Product Co., Ltd., Qing Xin Jiang and Qiong Jia (Incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2010). 

10.6 
 Form of Non-Competition Agreement by and between Beijing Gufeng Chemical Products Co., Ltd. and its two major former shareholders. (Incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2011). 

10.7 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 11, 2010). 

10.8 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8- K filed with the SEC on January 11, 2010). 

10.10 
 Offer Letter dated March 28, 2011 between China Green Agriculture, Inc. and Lianfu Liu. (Incorporated herein by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 10, 2011). 

10.11 
 Offer Letter dated October 25, 2011 between China Green Agriculture, Inc. and Yiru Shi (Incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 13, 2012). 

10.13 
 Entrusted Management Agreement dated June 16, 2013 among Xi an Hu County Yuxing Agriculture Science Technology Co., Ltd., Shaanxi TechTeam Jinong Humic Acid Product Co., Ltd. and Ms. Chen Lixiang (Incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 17, 2015). 

10.14 
 Exclusive Product Supply Agreement dated June 16, 2013 between Xi an Hu County Yuxing Agriculture Science Technology Co., Ltd. and Shaanxi TechTeam Jinong Humic Acid Product Co., Ltd. (Incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 17, 2015). 

10.15 
 Shareholder s Voting Proxy Agreement dated June 16, 2013 between Shaanxi TechTeam Jinong Humic Acid Product Co., Ltd., and Ms. Chen Lixiang (Incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 17, 2015). 

10.16 
 Option Agreement dated June 16, 2013 among Xi an Hu County Yuxing Agriculture Science Technology Co., Ltd., Shaanxi TechTeam Jinong Humic Acid Product Co., Ltd. and Ms. Chen Lixiang (Incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 17, 2015). 

72 

10.17 
 Equity Pledge Agreement dated June 16, 2013 between Shaanxi TechTeam Jinong Humic Acid Product Co., Ltd., and Ms. Chen Lixiang (Incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 17, 2015). 

10.18 
 Form Entrust Management Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2016). 

10.19 
 Form Exclusive Option Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2016). 

10.20 
 Form Exclusive Product Supply Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2016). 

10.21 
 Form Non-Competition Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2016). 

10.22 
 Form Pledge of Equity Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2016). 

10.23 
 Form Shareholder s Voting Proxy Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2016). 

10.24 
 Form Strategic Acquisition Contract (Incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2016). 

14.1 
 Amended and Restated Code of Ethics. (Incorporated herein by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 12, 2010) 

21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Company. 

31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1+ 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2+ 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

+ 
 In accordance with SEC Release 33-8238, Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and not filed. 

73 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of China
Green Agriculture, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of China Green Agriculture, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2021, and 2020, and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2021, and the related notes and schedules (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of June 30, 2021, and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended June 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Emphasis of a Matter 

As discussed in Note
21 to the financial statements, the Company s financial statements have been presented with its former 3 VIEs Xindeguo, Xinyulei
and Xiangrong as a discontinued operation. 

Going Concern 

The Company s financial statements are prepared
using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern. As described in Note 3 to the financial statements,
The Company has incurred operating losses and has negative operating cash flows in the fiscal year 2021. These factors, among others,
raise a substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan regarding these
matters is also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters are matters arising
from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical
audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 1 

Land Use Rights and Trademarks Subject to Amortization - Impairment Assessment 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

The Company has intangible assets subject to amortization
including Land Use Rights, Customer Relationships, Non- Compete Agreement and Trademarks. As of June 30, 2021, the carrying value of Land
Use Rights and Trademarks is 15,734,437. The Company performed the impairment assessment of these Intangible assets subject to amortization
on its elected assessment date of June 30, 2021, by assessing the recoverability and whether the asset s carrying amount exceeds
its fair value. The determination of the fair value requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions that affect the
reporting unit s expected future cash flows. These estimates and assumptions primarily include, but are not limited to, market multiples,
the discount rate, operating income before depreciation and amortization, cashflows and capital expenditures forecasts. 

We identified the impairment testing of these intangible
assets subject to amortization as a critical audit matter because of significant estimates and assumptions made by the management for
the assessment. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in
the Audit 

We tested management s process for developing
the fair value of the intangible assets subject to amortization. 

We evaluated management s ability to accurately
forecast future revenues by comparing actual results to management s forecast. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of the qualitative
adjustments for factors such as Company-specific risks, changes in current economic conditions that may not be captured in the quantitatively
derived results, and other relevant factors. 

We tested the mathematical accuracy of the model
used by management. 

We evaluated the reasonableness and consistency
of the selected valuation methodology and assumptions utilized by the Company 

We tested the completeness and accuracy of underlying
data used in the fair value estimate. 

We evaluated the significant assumptions provided
by management including discount rate by considering (i) current and past performance of the entity; (ii) their consistency with external
market and industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ SS Accounting Auditing, Inc 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

Plano, Texas 

October 13, 2021 

F- 2 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

AS OF JUNE 30, 2021, AND 2020 

2021 
 2020 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Amount due from related parties 

Advances to suppliers, net 

Current Assets of discontinued VIEs 
 - 

Total Current Assets 

Plant, property and equipment, net 

Other assets 

Other non-current assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 
 - 

Noncurrent assets of discontinued VIEs 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Customer deposits 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Amount due to related parties 

Taxes payable 

Short term loans 

Interest payable 

Current liabilities of discontinued VIEs 
 - 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Statutory reserve 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Sales 

Jinong 

Gufeng 

Yuxing 

VIEs - others 

Net sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Jinong 

Gufeng 

Yuxing 

VIEs - others 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Loss from continuing operations 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 

Comprehensive loss 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic net (loss) per share from continuing operations 

Basic net (loss) earnings per share from discontinued operations 

Basic net (loss) per share 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Diluted net (loss) per share from continuing operations 

Diluted net (loss) earnings per share from discontinued operations 

Diluted net (loss) per share 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Additional 

Accumulated Other 
 Total 

Number 
 Common 
 Paid In 
 Statutory 
 Retained 
 Comprehensive 
 Stockholders 

Of Shares 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Reserve 
 Earnings 
 Income (Loss) 
 Equity 
 
 BALANCE, JUNE 30, 2020 

Net loss 

Issuance of stock 

Issuance of stock for consulting services 

Transfer to statutory reserve 

Other comprehensive income (Loss) 

BALANCE, JUNE 30, 2021 

Additional 

Accumulated Other 
 Total 

Number 
 Common 
 Paid In 
 Statutory 
 Retained 
 Comprehensive 
 Stockholders 

Of Shares 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Reserve 
 Earnings 
 Income (Loss) 
 Equity 
 
 BALANCE, JUNE 30, 2019 

Net loss 

Issuance of stock 

Issuance of stock for convertible notes 

Issuance of stock for consulting services 

Transfer to statutory reserve 

-

Other
 comprehensive (loss) 

BALANCE, JUNE 30, 2020 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

2021 
 2020 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision for losses on accounts receivable 

Gain (Loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment 

Amortization of debt discount 
 -

Goodwill impairment 

Inventories impairment 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 -

Changes in operating assets 

Accounts receivable 

Amount due from related parties 

Other current assets 

Inventories 

Advances to suppliers 

Other assets 

Changes in operating liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Customer deposits 

Amount due to related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Tax payables 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Interest payable 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of plant, property, and equipment 

Change in construction in process 
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock 

Proceeds from loans 

Repayment of loans 

Repayment of convertible notes 
 - 

Advance from related party 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning balance 

Cash and cash equivalents, ending balance 

Supplement disclosure of cash flow information 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

SUPPLEMENT NON-CASH ACTIVITIES 

Common stock issued to repay accrued expense 

Convertible notes payments 
 -

Nonmonetary sales and purchases 

The consolidated statements of cash flows are presented with the combined
cash flows from discontinued operations with cash flows from continuing operations within each cash flow statement category. 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

F- 7 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

F- 8 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

F- 9 

CHINA
 GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

and , respectively. There is no insurance securing these deposits in China. In addition, the Company also had
 and in cash in two banks in the United States as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Cash overdraft as of balance
sheet date will be reflected as liabilities in the balance sheet. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes
it is not exposed to any significant risks on its cash in bank accounts. 

F- 10 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

and , net
of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively. The impact of COVID-19 caused the difficulty of accounts
receivable collection in the fiscal year 2020 as numerous distributors encountered significant difficulties and/or hardships in their
businesses amid the pandemic. The company recorded bad debt expense in the amount of million and million for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2021 and the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, respectively. The Company adopts no policy to accept product returns post
to the sales delivery. 

- years 
 
 Agricultural assets 
 
 years 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 
 - years 
 
 Vehicles 
 
 - years 

F- 11 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

in 2021 and impairment adjustment with amount of in 2020. The impairment is reported in General and administrative expenses. 

-

Acquisition of VIE Companies 

-

-

F- 12 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

as of June 30, 2020. 

F- 13 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

and , respectively. 

F- 14 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

F- 15 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

(Loss) Income from discontinued operations for Basic Earnings Per Share 

(Loss) for Basic Earnings Per Share 

Basic Weighted Average Number of Shares 

(Loss) from continuing operations Per Share Basic 

(Loss) Income from discontinued operations Per Share Basic 

Net (Loss) Per Share Basic 

(Loss) from continuing operations for Diluted Earnings Per Share 

(Loss) Income from discontinued operations for Diluted Earnings Per Share 

(Loss) for Diluted Earnings Per Share 

Diluted Weighted Average Number of Shares 

(Loss) from continuing operations Per Share Diluted 
 
 (24. 96) 

(Loss) Income from discontinued operations Per Share Diluted 

Net (Loss) Per Share Diluted 

F- 16 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

Supplies and packing materials 

Work in progress 

Finished goods 

Total 

during the year ended June 30, 2021. No gain or loss incurred as the result
of the nonmonetary transactions. 

Auto 

Machinery and equipment 

Total property, plant and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total 

F- 17 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

Technology patent, net 
 -
 
 -

Customer relationships, net 

Non-compete agreement 

Trademarks 

Total 

The purchase cost was recorded at RMB (or ). The intangible asset is being amortized over the grant
period of years. 

(or ). The intangible asset is being amortized over the grant period of years. 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Total land use rights, net 

(or and is being amortized over the patent period of years using the straight-line
method. This technology patent has been fully amortized. 

(or and is amortized over the remaining useful life of using the straight-line method. As of June 30, 2021, this technology patent
is fully amortized. 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Total technology know-how, net 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

F- 18 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

(or) and is amortized over the remaining useful life of . On June 30, 2016, and January 1, 2017 the Company acquired
the VIE Companies. The fair value of the acquired customer relationships was estimated to be RMB (or and is amortized
over the remaining useful life of to . 

-

Less: accumulated amortization 

Total customer relationships, net 

(or) and is amortized over the remaining useful life of using the straight-line method. On June 30, 2016, and January
1, 2017 the Company acquired the VIE Companies. The fair value of the acquired non-compete agreements was estimated to be RMB 
(or and is amortized over the remaining useful life of using the straight-line method. 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Total non-compete agreement, net 

(or and is subject to an annual impairment test. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

, which
was the rental fee advances for agriculture lands that the Company engaged in Shiquan County from 2020 to 2027. 

The aggregate rental fee was approximately RMB million per
annum, The Company had made -year advances of rental fee per rental terms. The Company has amortized million as expenses for the
year ended June 30, 2021 and million as expenses for the year ended June 30, 2020. 

F- 19 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 and thereafter 

Accrued expenses 

Other payables 

Other levy payable 

Total 

(approximately). During the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 Yuxing has sold approximately and products to 900LH.com. 

and as of June
30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

and , respectively. As of June 30, 2021, and June 30, 2020, and ,
respectively were amounts that Gufeng borrowed from a related party, Xi an Techteam Science Technology Industry (Group) Co.
Ltd., a company controlled by Mr. Zhuoyu Li, Chairman and CEO of the Company, representing unsecured, non-interest-bearing loans that
are due on demand. These loans are not subject to written agreements. As of June 30, 2021, and June 30, 2020, and , respectively were advances from Mr. Zhuoyu
Li, Chairman and CEO of the Company. The advances were unsecured and non-interest-bearing. 

. As of June 30, 2020, the Company s subsidiary, Jinong, owed 900LH.com. . 

square meters (approximately square feet)
of office space from Kingtone Information. The rental agreement provides for a two-year term effective as of July 1, 2020 with monthly
rent of RMB (approximately ). 

to . No. 1, 2 and 3 below are collateralized by Tianjuyuan s land use right and building ownership right. Loan No. 3 is also
guaranteed by the cash deposit. 

2 
 
 Postal Saving Bank of China - Pinggu Branch 

3 
 
 Beijing Bank -Pinggu Branch 

Total 

and for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F- 20 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

with a term of and an annual interest rate of . 

2 
 
 Fengnong, Xiangrong 

Due to the discontinuation of VIE agreements with Zhenbai s shareholders, certain convertible notes issued
on June 30, 2016 with a face amount of RMB were tendered back to the Company. All outstanding balance of unpaid
principal and accrued interest in the tendered convertible notes were forfeited. 

shares of common stock at the price of per share for the total amount of to the holders of the Company s convertible
notes payable in connection with the payment of the convertible notes principal and interests. The convertible notes were issued
on June 30, 2016 and matured on . 

shares of common stock at the price of per share for the total amount of to the holders of the Company s convertible
notes payable in connection with the payment of the convertible notes principal and interests. The convertible notes were issued
on January 1, 2017 and matured on . 

as of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively. Aside from the forfeiture of the convertible
notes previously issued to Zhenbai s shareholders, the difference between the fair value of the notes and the face amount of the
notes is being amortized to accretion implied interest expense over the three-year life of the notes. As of June 30, 2021, the accumulated
amortization of this discount into accretion expenses was . As of June 30, 2020, the accumulated amortization of this discount
into accretion expense was . 

replaced the rate that was applicable to both DEs and FIEs. Since January 1, 2008, Jinong became subject to
income tax in China at a rate of as a high-tech company, because of the expiration of its tax exemption on December 31, 2007. Accordingly,
it made provision for income taxes for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 of and , respectively, which is mainly
due to the operating income from VIEs. VIEs is subject to EIT rate and thus it made provision for income taxes of and 
for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

of the gross sales price. On April 29, 2008,
the PRC State of Administration of Taxation (SAT) released Notice #56, Exemption of VAT for Organic Fertilizer Products ,
which allows certain fertilizer products to be exempt from VAT beginning June 1, 2008. The Company submitted the application for exemption
in May 2009, which was granted effective September 1, 2009, continuing through December 31, 2015. On August 10, 2015 and August 28, 2015,
the SAT released Notice #90. 

of the gross sales price. The tax rate was reduced from . 

F- 21 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

of the gross sales price. The tax rate was reduced from . 

of the gross sales price. The tax rate was reduced from . 

Income tax payable 

Other levies 

Repatriation tax 

Total 

Total 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

which was resulted from foreign exchange rates. 

. 

For fiscal year 2019, 2020 and 2021, our U.S. federal
statutory tax rate is . 

F- 22 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

Substantially all the Company s income before income taxes and related
tax expense are from PRC sources. Actual income tax benefit reported in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income
differ from the amounts computed by applying the US statutory income tax rate of and to income before income taxes for the
years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 for the following reasons: 

Expected income tax expense (benefit) 

High-tech income benefits on Jinong 
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Loss from subsidiaries in which no benefit is recognized 
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Change in valuation allowance on deferred tax asset from US tax benefit 
 
 - 

Actual tax expense 
 
 - 
 -

- 

Expected income tax expense (benefit) 

High-tech income benefits on Jinong 
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Losses from subsidiaries in which no benefit is recognized 
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Change in valuation allowance on deferred tax asset from US tax benefit 
 -

Actual tax expense 
 
 - 
 -

- 

F- 23 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

shares
of common stock to pay off consulting services under the 2009 Plan. The value of the stock was and was based on the fair value
of the Company s common stock on the grant date. 

shares of common stock at the price of per share for total proceeds of to certain third-party individuals. The issuances
were completed pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. 

On August
16, 2019, the Company issued Shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value per share, to Shaanxi Baoyu, pursuant
to the SPA. 

shares of common stock at the price of per share for total proceeds of to certain unrelated individuals. The issuances
were completed pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. 

shares of common stock at the price of per share for the total amount of to the holders of the Company s convertible
notes payable in connection with the payment of the convertible notes principal and interests. The convertible notes were issued
on June 30, 2016 and matured on June 30, 2020. 

shares of common stock at the price of per share to the holders of the Company s convertible notes payable in connection
with the payment of the convertible notes principal and interests. The convertible notes were issued on with amount
of RMB and matured on January 1, 2020 with total amount of RMB included interests. 

shares of common stock, par value per
share, of the Company. The purchase price per share of the Offering is . The transaction contemplated in the SPA closed simultaneously
with the execution of the SPA. 

shares of common stock to settle the payable of consulting services under the 2009 Plan. The value of the stock was 
and was based on the fair value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. 

shares of Common Stock, par value per share, to a
group of ten non-US investors in a private placement. for the
total proceeds up to . 

and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

If the Company sells preferred stock under its registration
statement on Form S-3, it will fix the rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications and restrictions of the preferred stock of each
series in the certificate of designation relating to that series and will file the certificate of designation that describes the terms
of the series of preferred stock the Company offers before the issuance of the related series of preferred stock. 

shares of preferred stock authorized, with a par value of .001 per share, of which no shares are issued or outstanding. 

F- 24 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

of its raw materials for fertilizer manufacturing during the year ended June 30, 2021. 

of its raw materials for fertilizer manufacturing during the year ended June 30, 2020. 

of its sales for manufactured fertilizer during the year ended June 30, 2021. 

customers accounted for an aggregate amount
of , or and , respectively, of the Company s manufactured fertilizer sales for the year ended June 30, 2020. 

main business segments based on location and product: Jinong (fertilizer production), Gufeng (fertilizer production), Yuxing
(agricultural products production) and the sales VIEs. Each of the operating segments referenced above has separate and distinct
general ledgers. The chief operating decision maker CODM receives financial information, including revenue, gross margin,
operating income and net income produced from the various general ledger systems to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing
performance; however, the principal measure of segment profitability or loss used by the CODM is net income by segment. 

Gufeng 

Yuxing 

Sales VIEs 

Consolidated 

Operating income (expense): 

Jinong 

Gufeng 

Yuxing 

Sales VIEs 

Reconciling item (1) 
 -
 
 -

Reconciling item (2) 

Consolidated 

F- 25 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

Gufeng 

Yuxing 
 
 Sales VIEs 

Reconciling item (1) 

Reconciling item (2) 

Reconciling item (3) 

Consolidated 

Depreciation and Amortization: 

Jinong 

Gufeng 

Yuxing 

Sales VIEs 

Consolidated 

Interest expense: 

Jinong 
 -

Gufeng 

Yuxing 
 -
 
 -

Sales VIEs 

Consolidated 

Capital Expenditure: 

Jinong 

Gufeng 

Yuxing 

Sales VIEs 

Consolidated 

Gufeng 

Yuxing 

Sales VIEs 

Reconciling item (1) 

Reconciling item (2) 

Consolidated 

of the Company s total fertilizer revenues for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F- 26 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

square feet) of office space from Kingtone Information. The rental agreement provides for a two-year term
effective as of July 1, 2020 with monthly rent of RMB (approximately ). 

square meters (approximately square feet) commercial space with monthly rent of RMB (approximately effective August 1, 2020. 

(approximately effective January 1, 2020. 

and as rent expenses for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The contingent rent expenses herein
for the next five years ended June 30, are as follows: 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

F- 27 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Other current assets 

Related party receivable 
 -
 
 -

Advances to suppliers 

Total Current Assets 

Plant, Property and Equipment, Net 

Other assets 

Intangible Assets, Net 

Goodwill 
 - 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Customer deposits 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Amount due to related parties 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Expenses 

Net income 

F- 28 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

F- 29 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

Accounts receivable 

Advances to suppliers 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Inventories 

Machinery and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Other assets 

Goodwill 

Accounts payable 

Customer deposits 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Taxes payable 

Purchase price 

F- 30 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

Convertible notes 

Derivative liability 

Machinery and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Customer Relationship 

Non-compete Agreement 

Purchase price 

Convertible notes 

Derivative liability 

Intangible assets 

Customer Relationship 

Non-compete Agreement 

Goodwill 

Total Asset 

Interest Payable 

Convertible notes 

Derivative liability 

Total Payback 

Net Loss 

F- 31 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

(approximately) to the Company. 

Intangible Assets 

Long-term equity investment 

Goodwill 

Total Asset 

Total Payback 

Net Gain (Loss) 

(approximately to the
Company. 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Total Asset 

Total Payback 

Net Gain (Loss) 

F- 32 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Other current assets 

Related party receivable 

Advances to suppliers 

Total Current Assets 

Plant, Property and Equipment, Net 

Other assets 

Intangible Assets, Net 

Goodwill 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Customer deposits 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Amount due to related parties 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Cost of goods sold 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Other income (expense) 

Income before provision (benefit) from income taxes 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

(Loss) income from discontinued operations, net of taxes 

F- 33 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

of the Company s consolidated net assets. Accordingly, condensed Parent Company financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 5-04 and Rule 12-04 of SEC Regulation S-X, and are as follows. 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Long-term equity investment 

Total long-term assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Amount due to related parties 

Other payables and accrued expenses 

Total Current Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Retained earnings 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

F- 34 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

Interest income 

Provision for tax 
 
 -

Equity investment in subsidiaries 

Net income 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 -
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning balance 

Cash and cash equivalents, ending balance 

F- 35 

CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2021 

shares of Common Stock with par value per share. The proposed purchase price per share of the offering was 
for total proceeds up to . The purpose of the stock issuance was to raise fund for expanding the Company s business
into that of blockchain applications including cryptocurrency mining. 

F-36 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2021ex21-1_chinagreen.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIAIRES
OF CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. 

Name 
 
 Place
 of Incorporation 
 
 Green Agriculture Holding
 Corporation 
 
 New Jersey 
 
 Shaanxi TechTeam Jinong
 Humic Acid Product Co., Ltd. 
 
 People s Republic
 of China 
 
 Beijing Gufeng Chemical
 Products Co., Ltd. 
 
 People s Republic
 of China 
 
 Beijing Tianjuyuan Fertilizer
 Co., Ltd. 
 
 People s Republic
 of China 

VARIABLE
INTEREST ENTITIES OF CHINA GREEN AGRICULTURE, INC. 

Name 
 
 Place
 of Incorporation 
 
 Xi an Hu County
 Yuxing Agriculture Technology Development Co, Ltd. 
 
 People s Republic
 of China 
 
 Shaanxi Lishijie Agrochemical
 Co., Ltd. 
 
 People s Republic
 of China 
 
 Songyuan Jinyangguang
 Sannong Service Co., Ltd 
 
 People s Republic
 of China 
 
 Weinan City Linwei District
 Wangtian Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd. 
 
 People s Republic
 of China 
 
 Anhui Fengnong Seed
 Co., Ltd. 
 
 People s Republic
 of China 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2021ex31-1_chinagreen.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Zhuoyu Li, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of China Green Agriculture,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 13, 2021 

/s/
 Zhuoyu Li 

Zhuoyu Li 

Chairman of the Board of Directors, 
Chief Executive Officer, and President 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2021ex31-2_chinagreen.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Yongcheng Yang, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of China Green Agriculture,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 13, 2021 

/s/
 Yongcheng Yang 

Yongcheng Yang 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer 
and principal accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2021ex32-1_chinagreen.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity
as the Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, and President of China Green Agriculture, Inc. (the Company ),
for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of
his knowledge: 

(1) The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: October 13, 2021 

/s/ Zhuoyu Li 

Zhuoyu Li 

Chairman of the Board of Directors, 
 Chief Executive Officer, and President 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2021ex32-2_chinagreen.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity
as the Chief Financial Officer of China Green Agriculture, Inc. (the Company ), for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: October 13, 2021 

/s/
 Yongcheng Yang 

Yongcheng Yang 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 cga-20210630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 cga-20210630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 cga-20210630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 cga-20210630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 cga-20210630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

