<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211013_10-K_edgar_data_919175_0001493152-21-025284.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10115506</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>304022</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>530211</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3805155</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2918769</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2253630</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-025284.hdr.sgml : 20211013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211013124644
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-025284
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sugarmade, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000919175
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-PAPER AND PAPER PRODUCTS [5110]
		IRS NUMBER:				943008888
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23446
		FILM NUMBER:		211320709

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		750 ROYAL OAKS DR. STE. 108
		CITY:			MONROVIA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(888) 982-1628

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		750 ROYAL OAKS DR. STE. 108
		CITY:			MONROVIA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Diversified Opportunities, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080313

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENLIGHTEN SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOFTWARE PROFESSIONALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940217

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-025284.txt : 20211013

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form
10-K 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______________ to _________________ 

Commission
file number 000-23446 

SUGARMADE,
INC. 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 
 94-3008888 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

750
 Royal Oaks Dr., Suite 108, 

Monrovia,
 CA 
 
 91016 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(888)
982-1628 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of October 11, 2021 was 8,680,267,684. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None 

Table
of Contents 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 Item
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 
 
 Item
 2. Properties 
 20 
 
 Item
 3. Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 
 Item
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 
 Item
 6. Selected Financial Data 
 24 
 
 Item
 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 
 Item
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 32 
 
 Item
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 
 
 Item
 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 69 
 
 Item
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 69 
 
 Item
 9B. Other Information 
 71 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 71 
 
 Item
 11. Executive Compensation 
 72 
 
 Item
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 73 
 
 Item
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence 
 74 
 
 Item
 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 75 
 
 Item
 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 76 
 
 Item
 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 76 

SIGNATURES 
 77 

SPECIAL
NOTE OF CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact
are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to, any projections
of earnings, revenue or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objections of management for future operations;
any statements concerning proposed new services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance;
any statements or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. 

Forward-looking
statements of Sugarmade, Inc. and our wholly owned active operating subsidiary, SWC Group, Inc., Sugarrush Inc., NUG Ave Inc., and Lemon
Glow Company (collectively, the Company include descriptions of the Company s plans or objectives for future operations,
products or services, and forecasts of its revenues, earnings or other measures of economic performance. Forward-looking statements can
be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often include the words believe, 
 expect, intend, estimate, anticipates, project, assume, 
 plan, predict, or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs such as will, would, 
 should, could or may. 

These
forward-looking statements present our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Accordingly, readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. Except for our compliance
with ongoing securities laws, we do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update and forward-looking statement. Additionally, the
safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 most likely do not apply to our forward-looking statements
as a result of being a penny stock issuer. You should, however, consult further disclosures we make in future filings of our Annual Report
on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. 

Although
we believe the expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially
from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations, as
well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and inherent risks and uncertainties. The factors impacting these risks
and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 

For
a detailed description of these and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking
statement, please see Item 1A, Risk Factors, in this document. 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

General 

Sugarmade,
Inc. (hereinafter referred to as we , us or the/our Company is a publicly-traded company incorporated
in the state of Delaware. Our previous legal name was Diversified Opportunities, Inc. Our Company, Sugarmade, Inc. operates much of its
business activities through our subsidiaries, SWC Group, Inc., a California corporation SWC ), NUG Avenue, Inc.,
a California corporation NUG Avenue ), and Lemon Glow Company, Inc., a California corporation Lemon Glow ).
Sugarmade, Inc. was founded in 2010. In 2014, CarryOutSupplies.com was acquired by Sugarmade, Inc., creating the Company as it is today. 

Shares
of our common stock are quoted on the OTC Markets, which is a quotation system for early-stage and developing companies. Our trading
symbol is SGMD . Our corporate website is www.Sugarmade.com. 

As
of the date of this filing, we are involved in several business sectors and business ventures: 

Paper
and paper-based products: The supply of consumable products to the quick-service restaurant sub-sector of the restaurant industry,
and as an importer and distributor of non-medical personal protection equipment to business and consumers, via our CarryOutSupplies.com
subsidiary Carryout Supplies ). Carryout Supplies is a producer and wholesaler of custom printed and generic supplies,
servicing more than 2,000 quick-service restaurants. The primary products are plastic cold cups, paper coffee cups, yogurt cups, ice
cream cups, cup lids, cup sleeves, edible packaging, food containers, soup containers, plastic spoons, and similar products for this
market sector. This subsidiary, which was formed in 2009, was recently expanded to also offer non-medical personal protective equipment. 

NUG
Avenue, Inc. investment into licensed cannabis delivery in Los Angeles area markets. During February 2021, we became a majority owner
of NUG Avenue, Inc., a California corporation NUG Avenue ), which operates a licensed and regulated cannabis delivery service
out of Lynwood, California, serving the greater Los Angeles Metropolitan area (the Lynwood Operations ). The Company currently
owns a majority stake of seventy percent (70 of NUG Avenue s Lynwood Operations and holds first rights of refusal on NUG Avenue s
business expansion relative to the cannabis marketplace. By way of our capital injection made into NUG Avenue and by via our 70 ownership
position, we consolidate and recognize 100 of the revenues and 70 of profits or loss generated by NUG Ave for its Lynwood Operation. 

We
believe our investment into NUG Avenue will allow us to expand our presence into the licensed and regulated cannabis marketplace.
The California cannabis market continues its rapid growth, with the Southern California sub-market representing the world s largest
single cannabis marketplace. According to the California Department of Tax and Fee Administration, the most recently reported quarterly
period posted a significant increase in cannabis tax compared to the year-ago period. Much of this growth was driven by increased use
of delivery services, as consumers are increasingly relying on home delivery for many goods, including cannabis. 

Cannabis
products delivery service and sales: As a joint owner in the Budcars licensed cannabis delivery service brand Budcars 
or the Budcars Brand ). Budcars operates a licensed cannabis delivery service in the Sacramento, California area. During
early 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Indigo Dye Group Indigo to acquire a 40 stake in the Budcars
Brand and in the Sacramento delivery operations. Under the terms of the agreement with Indigo, Sugarmade acquired an option to purchase
an additional 30 interest in Budcars. Upon exercise of this option, the Company would acquire a controlling interest in Indigo. As of
June 30, 2021, the option has not yet been exercised and the Company s stake in Budcars was at 40 . Starting on October 1, 2020,
the Company plans to open new locations via purchasing equity in other Brand/Franchises to cover delivery for the entire California.
Therefore, the Company is not likely at this time to exercise its option to acquire the additional 30 interest in Indigo. In addition,
the Company is no longer involved in day-to-day operations of Indigo and going forward, the Company intends to pursue cannabis delivery
independent of Indigo. As of October 1, 2020, the Company ceased to have control over the day-to-day business of Indigo and it was deconsolidated
and recorded as an investment in nonconsolidated affiliate at its 505,449 estimated fair value and changed to equity method of accounting.
Pursuant to the terms of the Indigo agreement, if the Company determines, in its discretion not to continue to make monthly payments,
its 40 ownership interest in Indigo will be decreased according to the payment then made. As of December 31, 2020, the Company made
 59,370 additional payments, and hold approximately 32 of the ownership of Indigo. As of June 30, 2021, the Company recorded equity
method investment in affiliates at 441,407, net with 123,412 loss from equity method investment. 

Selected
cannabis and hemp projects: On May 12, 2021, SugarMade, Inc. entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, as amended (the Merger
Agreement by and between Lemon Glow Corporation, a California corporation Lemon Glow ), Carnaby Spot Bay Corp,
a California corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), and Ryan Santiago (the Shareholder
Representative ), pursuant to which, on May 25, 2021 and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement,
Merger Sub merged with and into Lemon Glow, with Lemon Glow being the surviving corporation (the Merger ). As a result of
the Merger, Lemon Glow became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

- 1 - 

 Table of Contents 

Government
Regulations 

There
can be no assurance of continued inaction by U.S. federal authorities relative to our operations. Our business is at least partially
focused on cannabis, hemp, and associated products and the legal sales of cannabis permitted under California law. Cannabis is a Schedule
1 illegal drug under the Controlled Substances Act, 21 U.S.C. 811 (hereafter referred to as the CSA ). As is discussed
below, Hemp containing less than 0.3 percent THC is not a Schedule 1 drug under the CSA. Any actions by U.S. federal agencies could have
a significant negative impact on our abilities to generate revenue and/or profits. 

As
of the date of this filing, thirty-five states, the District of Columbia, and four U.S. Territories currently have laws broadly legalizing
cannabis in some form for either medicinal or recreational use governed by state-specific laws and regulations. Although legalized in
some states, cannabis, and hemp containing more than 0.3 percent THC are Schedule 1 drugs under the CSA and are illegal
under federal law. Active enforcement of the current CSA regarding cannabis and hemp containing more than 0.3 percent THC may directly
and adversely affect our revenues and profits. The risk of strict enforcement of the CSA in light of Congressional activity, judicial
holdings, and stated federal policy remain uncertain. 

On
August 29, 2013, The Department of Justice set out its prosecutorial priorities in light of various states legalizing cannabis for medicinal
and/or recreational use. The Cole Memorandum provided that when states have implemented strong and effective regulatory
and enforcement systems to control the cultivation, distribution, sale, and possession of cannabis, conduct in compliance with those
laws and regulations is less likely to threaten the federal priorities. Indeed, a robust system may affirmatively address those priorities
by, for example, implementing effective measures to prevent diversion of cannabis outside of the regulated system and to other states,
prohibiting access to cannabis by minors, and replacing an illicit cannabis trade that funds criminal enterprises with a tightly regulated
market in which revenues are tracked and accounted for. In those circumstances, consistent with the traditional allocation of federal-state
efforts in this area, the Cole Memorandum provided that enforcement of state law by state and local law enforcement and regulatory bodies
should remain the primary means of addressing cannabis-related activity. If state enforcement efforts are not sufficiently robust to
protect against the harms set forth above, the federal government may seek to challenge the regulatory structure itself in addition to
continuing to bring individual enforcement actions, including criminal prosecutions, focused on those harms. 

On
January 4, 2018, Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued a memorandum for all United States Attorneys concerning cannabis enforcement under
the CSA. Mr. Sessions rescinded all previous prosecutorial guidance issued by the Department of Justice regarding cannabis, including
the August 29, 2013 Cole Memorandum . 

In
rescinding the Cole Memorandum, Mr. Sessions stated that U.S. Attorneys must decide whether or not to pursue prosecution of cannabis
activity based upon factors including the seriousness of the crime, the deterrent effect of criminal prosecution, and the cumulative
impact of particular crimes on the community. Mr. Sessions reiterated that the cultivation, distribution, and possession of marijuana
continues to be a crime under the U.S. Controlled Substances Act. 

On
March 23, 2018, President Donald J. Trump signed into law a 1.3 trillion-dollar spending bill that included an amendment known as Rohrabacher-Blumenauer, 
which prohibits the Justice Department from using federal funds to prevent certain states from implementing their own State laws
that authorize the use, distribution, possession or cultivation of medical cannabis. 

On
December 20, 2018, President Donald J. Trump signed into law the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, otherwise known as the Farm
Bill . Prior to its passage, hemp, a member of the cannabis family, was classified as a Schedule 1 controlled substance, and so
illegal under the federal CSA. 

With
the passage of the Farm Bill, hemp cultivation containing less than 0.3 percent THC is now broadly permitted. The Farm Bill explicitly
allows the transfer of hemp-derived products across state lines for commercial or other purposes. It also puts no restrictions on the
sale, transport, or possession of hemp-derived products, so long as those items are produced in a manner consistent with the law. 

Under
Section 10113 of the Farm Bill, hemp cannot contain more than 0.3 percent THC. THC refers to the chemical compound found in cannabis
that produces the psychoactive high associated with cannabis. Any cannabis plant that contains more than 0.3 percent THC
would be considered non-hemp cannabis or marijuana under the CSA and would not be legally protected under this new legislation
and would be treated as an illegal Schedule 1 drug. 

- 2 - 

 Table of Contents 

Additionally,
there will be significant, shared state-federal regulatory power over hemp cultivation and production. Under Section 10113 of the Farm
Bill, state departments of agriculture must consult with the state s governor and chief law enforcement officer to devise a plan
that must be submitted to the Secretary of the United States Department of Agriculture (hereafter referred to as the USDA ).
A state s plan to license and regulate hemp can only commence once the Secretary of USDA approves that state s plan. In states
opting not to devise a hemp regulatory program, USDA will construct a regulatory program under which hemp cultivators in those states
must apply for licenses and comply with a federally run program. This system of shared regulatory programming is similar to options states
had in other policy areas such as health insurance marketplaces under Affordable Care Act, or workplace safety plans under Occupational
Health and Safety Act both of which had federally-run systems for states opting not to set up their own systems. 

The
Farm Bill outlines actions that are considered violations of federal hemp law (including such activities as cultivating without a license
or producing cannabis with more than 0.3 percent THC). The Farm Bill details possible punishments for such violations, pathways for violators
to become compliant, and even which activities qualify as felonies under the law, such as repeated offenses. 

One
of the goals of the previous 2014 Farm Bill was to generate and protect research into hemp. The 2018 Farm Bill continues this effort.
Section 7605 re-extends the protections for hemp research and the conditions under which such research can and should be conducted. Further,
section 7501 of the Farm Bill extends hemp research by including hemp under the Critical Agricultural Materials Act. This provision recognizes
the importance, diversity, and opportunity of the plant and the products that can be derived from it, but also recognizes that there
is still a lot to learn about hemp and its products from commercial and market perspectives. 

In
late January 2021, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer said lawmakers are in the process of merging various cannabis bills, including
his own legalization legislation. He is working to enact reform in this Congressional session. This would include the Marijuana Freedom
and Opportunity Act, which would federally de-schedule cannabis, reinvest tax revenue into communities most affected by the drug war,
and fund efforts to expunge prior cannabis records. It is likely that the Marijuana Opportunity, Reinvestment, and Expungement (MORE)
Act would be incorporated. 

Other
federal legislation under review for possible submission includes the SAFE Banking Act (or Secure and Fair Enforcement Act), a bill that
would allow cannabis companies to access the federally insured banking system and capital markets without the risk of federal enforcement
action, and the Strengthening the Tenth Amendment Through Entrusting States Act (or STATES Act), a bill that seeks protection for businesses
and individuals in states that have legalized and comply with state laws). 

Our
operations may also be affected by regulations under the Bank Secrecy Act. Enforced by FinCEN, the act requires us to report currency
transactions in excess of 10,000, including identification of the customer by name and social security number, to the IRS. This regulation
also requires us to report certain suspicious activity, including any transaction that exceeds 5,000 that we know, suspect, or have
reason to believe involves funds from illegal activity or is designed to evade federal regulations or reporting requirements and to verify
sources of funds. Substantial penalties can be imposed against us if we fail to comply with this regulation. If we fail to comply with
these laws and regulations, the imposition of a substantial penalty could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Active
enforcement of the current CSA on cannabis and hemp containing more than 0.3 percent THC may directly and adversely affect our revenues
and profits. The risk of strict enforcement of the CSA considering Congressional activity, judicial holdings, and stated federal policy
remains uncertain. 

As
a result of the conflicting state and federal laws regarding cannabis, our investments and operations of cannabis businesses in the U.S.
are subject to inconsistent laws and regulations. Laws and regulations affecting the cannabis industry are constantly changing, which
could detrimentally affect our operations. Local, state, and federal cannabis laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to
evolving interpretations, which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or alter our business plan. In
addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect
on our operations. It is also possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our business.
These ever-changing regulations could even affect federal tax policies that may make it difficult to claim tax deductions on our returns.
We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations, or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional
governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. 

Any
changes relative to the above areas, could significantly negatively impact our abilities to generate both revenue and profits. 

- 3 - 

 Table of Contents 

Environmental
- Climate Change, Wild Fires, and Drought Conditions 

Hemp
and cannabis cultivation can be impacted by weather patterns and these unpredictable weather patterns may affect our operations in that
our supplier might not be able to fully our operations on a consistent basis. Severe weather, including drought, hail and excessive heat,
can destroy a cannabis crop, which could result in us having no cannabis to sell to our customers. These situations could substantially
affect our ability to generate revenue and profits. 

In
the future, our operations could also be affected by global climate change. Earth s climate has changed over the past century.
The atmosphere and oceans have warmed, sea levels have risen, and glaciers and ice sheets have decreased in size. The best available
evidence indicates that greenhouse gas emissions from human activities are the leading cause. Continuing increases in greenhouse gases
will produce further warming and other changes in Earth s physical environment and ecosystems. While our business operations have
seen no adverse effects from climate change, such issues could affect our operations in the future. Over the coming years, we plan to
closely monitor weather conditions to determine how changes could affect our future operations and plans for corporate growth. 

We
are also subject to various federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including the
discharge, treatment, storage, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and wastes. We continually assess our compliance status
and management of environmental matters to ensure our operations are in substantial compliance with all applicable environmental laws
and regulations. Investigation, remediation, operation and maintenance costs associated with environmental compliance and management
of sites are a normal, recurring part of our operations. These costs often are allowable costs under our contracts with the U.S. government.
It is reasonably possible that continued environmental compliance could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial
condition or cash flows if additional work requirements or more stringent clean-up standards are imposed by regulators, new areas of
soil and groundwater contamination are discovered and/or expansions of work scope are prompted by the results of investigations. 

The
2021 wildfire season in California experienced an unusually early start amid an ongoing drought and historically low rainfall and reservoir
levels. According the State of California Division of Forestry, the long-term trend is that wildfires in the state are increasing due
to climate change in California. In terms of the amount of fires burned, the 2021 season has been outpacing the 2020 season, which itself
was the most significant season in the state s recorded history. According to the State, as of July 11, 2021 more than three times
as many acres have burned compared to the previous year through that date, with drought, extreme heat, and reduced snowpack contributing
to the severity of the fires. [ The state also faces an increased risk of post-wildfire landslides. While we have seen no negative
effects from such wildfires, our business operations could be affected by such conditions in the future. 

Our
future operations could also be affected by State of California and/or local governmental restrictions on water usage. Droughts are a
recurring feature of California s climate and are becoming increasingly severe due to climate change. According to the State
of California. In the last century, the most significant statewide droughts occurred during the six-year period from
1929 to 1934, the two-year period from 1976 to 1977, the six-year period from 1987 to 1992, and the five-year period from 2012 to 2016.
The 2012-2016 drought was one of extreme proportions, with record-high temperatures and record-low levels of snowpack and
precipitation. In 2021, California finds itself yet again in a drought, with water conditions at the end of the wet season far
below normal for the second year in a row. Continued drought in the California could affect our future business in that our suppliers
may not be able to provide products for us to sell to our customers, which would affect our ability to generate revenues and produce
profits. Drought conditions could also impact our abilities to cultivate cannabis in the future in that we may be unable to obtain adequate
water rights or access to suitable water to cultivate future cannabis crops, if we decided in the future to attempt cannabis cultivation,
although the Company currently has not such plans. 

There
can be no assurance that global climate changes and ongoing, or worsening, drought conditions and/or issue relative to wildfires within
the state of California will not negatively impact our operations during future periods. 

As
a result, such issues could severely impact our ability to generate revenues and profits. 

Employees
and Consultants 

As
of June 30, 2021, Sugarmade, Inc. and Carryout Supplies, had approximately 7 full time employees and 5 independent contractors.
Our new majority owned subsidiary, Nug Avenue Inc. had approximately 1 full time employees and 54 part-time workers. 

Available
Information 

Any
annual, quarterly, special reports and other information filed with the SEC can be inspected and copied at the public reference facility
maintained by the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549-0405. Information regarding the public reference facilities
may be obtained from the SEC by telephoning 1-800-SEC-0330. The Company s filings are also available through the SEC s Electronic
Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval System which is publicly available through the SEC s website (www.sec.gov). Copies of such
materials may also be obtained by mail from the public reference section of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C.
20549-0405 at prescribed rates. 

- 4 - 

 Table of Contents 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

RISK
FACTORS 

Cautionary
Statements 

The
discussions and information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain both historical and forward-looking statements. To the extent
that the Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements regarding the financial condition, operating results, business
prospects, or any other aspect of our business, please be advised that our actual financial condition, operating results, and business
performance may differ materially from that projected or estimated by us in forward-looking statements. We have attempted to identify,
in context, certain of the factors we currently believe may cause actual future experience and results to differ from our current expectations. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

The
report of our independent registered public accounting firm expresses substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. 

The
report of our independent registered public accounting firm expresses substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Our auditors, L L CPAs, have indicated in their report on the Company s financial statements for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2021, that conditions exist that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern due to
our recurring losses from operations and substantial decline in our working capital. A going concern opinion could impair
our ability to finance our operations through the sale of equity, incurring debt, or other financing alternatives. Our ability to continue
as a going concern will depend upon the availability and terms of future funding, continued growth, improved operating margins and our
ability to profitably meet service commitments. If we are unable to achieve these goals, our business would be jeopardized and the Company
may not be able to continue. If we ceased operations, it is likely that all of our investors would lose their investment. 

We
face risks associated with strategic acquisitions. 

Our
business strategy includes strategically acquisitions of businesses and assets, some of which may be material. We plan to investigate
and acquire strategic businesses with the potential to be accretive to earnings, increase our market penetration, brand strength and
our market position or enhancement our existing product offerings. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify or successfully
complete transactions with suitable acquisition candidates in the future. 

These
acquisitions may involve a number of financial, accounting, managerial, operational, legal, compliance and other risks and challenges,
including the following, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations: 

Any
 acquired business could under-perform relative to our expectations and the price that we paid for it, or not perform in accordance
 with our anticipated timetable; 

We
 may incur or assume significant debt in connection with our acquisitions; 

Acquisitions
 could cause our results of operations to differ from our own or the investment community s expectations in any given period,
 or over the long term; and 

Acquisitions
 could create demands on our management that we may be unable to effectively address, or for which we may incur additional costs. 

- 5 - 

 Table of Contents 

Additionally,
if we were to undertake a substantial acquisition, the acquisition would likely need to be financed in part through additional financing
from banks, through possible public offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities or through other arrangements. There
can be no assurance that the necessary acquisition financing would be available to us on acceptable terms if and when required. 

Acquisitions
could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results.
We may also unknowingly inherit liabilities from acquired businesses or assets that arise after the acquisition and that are not adequately
covered by indemnities. Following any business acquisition, we could experience difficulty in integrating personnel, operations, financial
and other systems, and in retaining key employees and customers. In addition, if an acquired business fails to meet our expectations,
our operating results, business and financial position may suffer. 

In
addition, a significant portion of the purchase price of companies we acquire may be allocated to acquired goodwill and other intangible
assets, which must be assessed for impairment at least annually. We may record goodwill and other intangible assets on our consolidated
balance sheet in connection with our acquisitions. If we are not able to realize the value of these assets, we may be required to incur
charges relating to the impairment of these assets, which could materially impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may have difficulties integrating acquisitions or identifying new acquisitions. 

A
major part of our strategy is to grow through acquisition. However, we may be unable to identify and consummate additional acquisitions
or may be unable to successfully integrate and manage the product lines or businesses that we have recently acquired or may acquire in
the future. In addition, we may be unable to achieve a substantial portion of any anticipated cost savings from acquisitions or other
anticipated benefits in the timeframe we anticipate, or at all. Moreover, any acquired product lines or businesses may require a greater
than anticipated amount of trade, promotional and capital spending. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in the
assimilation of the operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired companies, personnel turnover and the diversion of
management s attention from other business concerns. Any inability by us to integrate and manage any product lines or businesses
that we have recently acquired or may acquire in the future in a timely and efficient manner, any inability to achieve a substantial
portion of any anticipated cost savings or other anticipated benefits from these acquisitions in the time frame we anticipate or any
unanticipated required increases in trade, promotional or capital spending could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial
condition, results of operations or liquidity. Moreover, future acquisitions by us could result in our incurring substantial additional
indebtedness, being exposed to contingent liabilities or incurring the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, all of which
could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

We
may need additional capital in the future, which could dilute the ownership of current shareholders or we may be unable to secure additional
funding in the future or to obtain such funding on favorable terms. 

Historically,
we have raised equity capital, including debt convertible into equity capital, to support and expand our operations. To the extent that
we raise additional equity capital, existing shareholders will experience a dilution in the voting power and ownership of their shares
of Common Stock, and earnings per share, if any, would be negatively impacted. Our inability to use our equity securities to finance
our operations could materially limit our growth. Any borrowings made to finance operations could make us more vulnerable to a downturn
in our operating results, a downturn in economic conditions, or increases in interest rates on borrowings that are subject to interest
rate fluctuations. The amount and timing of such additional financing needs will vary principally depending on the timing of new product
launches, investments and/or acquisitions, and the amount of cash flow from our operations. If our resources are insufficient to satisfy
our cash requirements, we may seek to issue additional equity or debt securities or obtain a credit facility. If our cash flow from operations
is insufficient to meet any debt service requirements, we could be required to sell additional equity securities, refinance our obligations,
or dispose of assets in order to meet debt service requirements. There can be no assurance that any financing will be available to us
when needed or will be available on terms acceptable to us. Our failure to obtain sufficient financing on favorable terms and conditions
could have a material adverse effect on our growth prospects and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

- 6 - 

 Table of Contents 

Uncertainty
of profitability 

Our
business strategy may result in increased volatility of revenues, loses and/or earnings. As we will only develop a limited number of
products at a time, our overall success will depend on a limited number of products, which may cause variability and unsteady profits
and losses depending on the products and/or services offered and their market acceptance. 

Our
revenues and our profitability may be adversely affected by economic conditions and changes in the market for our products. Our business
is also subject to general economic risks that could adversely impact the results of operations and financial condition. 

Because
of the anticipated nature of the products that we offer and attempt to develop, it is difficult to accurately forecast revenues and operating
results and these items could fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors. These factors may include, among other things, the
following: 

Our
 ability to raise sufficient capital to take advantage of opportunities and generate sufficient revenues to cover expenses. 

Our
 ability to source strong opportunities with sufficient risk adjusted returns. 

Our
 ability to manage our capital and liquidity requirements based on changing market conditions. 

The
 amount and timing of operating and other costs and expenses. 

The
 nature and extent of competition from other companies that may reduce market share and create pressure on pricing and investment
 return expectations. 

We
cannot guarantee that we will succeed in achieving our goals, and our failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results 

Some
of business initiatives in the hydroponic sector are new and are only in early stages of commercialization. As is typical in a new and
rapidly evolving industry, demand and market acceptance for recently introduced products and services are subject to a high level of
uncertainty and risk. Because the market for our Company is new and evolving, it is difficult to predict with any certainty the size
of this market and its growth rate, if any. We cannot guarantee that a market for our Company will develop or that demand for our products
will emerge or be sustainable. If the market fails to develop, develops more slowly than expected or becomes saturated with competitors,
our business, financial condition and operating results would be materially adversely affected. 

Our
business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by global health epidemics, including the
recent COVID-19 outbreak. 

Outbreaks
of epidemic, pandemic, or contagious diseases such as COVID-19, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. The spread of COVID-19 from China to other countries has resulted in the World Health Organization declaring the
outbreak of COVID-19 as a global pandemic. The slow-down in the global economy and the reduced levels of international and domestic travel
experienced since the beginning of January would affect our business adversely. The Any resulting financial impact cannot be reasonably
estimated at this time. The extent to which the COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken
globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all
costs that may arise from all such possible events. We are still assessing our business operations and the impact COVID-19 may have on
our results and financial condition, but there can be no assurance that this analysis will enable us to avoid part or all of any impact
from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences, including downturns in business sentiment generally or in our sector in particular. 

- 7 - 

 Table of Contents 

We
have incurred losses since our inception, have yet to achieve profitable operations and anticipate that we will continue to incur losses
for the foreseeable future. 

Even
if we obtain more customers or increase sales to our existing customers, there is no guarantee we will be able to generate a profit.
Because we are a small company and have limited capital, we must limit our products and services. Because we will be limiting our marketing
activities, we may not be able to attract enough customers to buy our products to operate profitably. Further, we are subject to raw
material pricing which can erode the profitability of our products and put additional negative pressure on profitability. If we cannot
operate profitably, we may have to suspend or cease operations. 

For
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 we incurred an operating loss of 5,926,134. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, we incurred
an operating loss of 21,534,571. At June 30, 2021 we had an accumulated deficit of 74,364,466. Although we have generated revenues,
they are insufficient to make the Company profitable. We plan to increase our expenses associated with the development of our business.
There is no assurance we will be able to derive revenues from the development of our business to successfully achieve positive cash flow
or that our business will be successful. If we achieve profitability, we may be unable to sustain or increase profits on a quarterly
or annual basis. 

We
do not have sufficient cash on hand. 

As
of June 30, 2021, we had 1,396,944 cash on hand. These cash resources are not sufficient for us to execute our business plan. If we
do not generate sufficient cash from our intended financing activities and sales, we will be unable to continue our operations. We estimate
that within the next 12 months we will need at least 5,000,000 in cash from either investors or operations. While we intend to engage
in several equity or debt financings, there is no assurance that these will actually occur. Nor can we assure our shareholders that we
will not be required to obtain additional financing on terms that are dilutive of their interests. You should recognize that if we are
unable to generate sufficient revenues or obtain debt or equity financing, we will not be able to earn profits and may not be able to
continue operations. 

The
success of our new and existing products and services is uncertain. 

We
expect to continue to commit significant resources and capital to develop and market existing and new products, services and enhancements.
These products and services are relatively untested, and there is no assurance that we will achieve market acceptance for these products
and services, or other new products and services that we may offer in the future. Moreover, these and other new products and services
may face significant competition with new and existing competitors. In addition, new products, services and enhancements may pose a variety
of technical challenges and require us to attract additional qualified employees. The failure to successfully develop and market these
new products, services or enhancements could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition,
we are subject to raw material pricing which can erode the profitability of our products and put additional negative pressure on profitability.
Moreover, if we fail to accurately project demand for our new or existing products, we may encounter problems of overproduction or underproduction
which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as damage our reputation
and brand. 

- 8 - 

 Table of Contents 

Third-party
suppliers could fail to fulfill our orders for parts used to assemble our products, which would disrupt our business, increase our costs,
harm our reputation, and potentially cause us to lose our market. 

We
depend on international third-party suppliers, including in The People s Republic of China, for materials used to assemble our
products. Changing federal tariffs could adversely affect our international third-party suppliers. We cannot predict the nature of any
future tariffs, laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations
or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our suppliers and our business. These suppliers could
increase prices to us, fail to produce products to our specifications or in a workmanlike manner and may not deliver the material or
products on a timely basis. Our suppliers may also have to obtain inventories of the necessary parts and tools for production. Any change
in our suppliers approach to tariffs or resolving production issues could disrupt our ability to fulfill orders and could also
disrupt our business due to delays in finding new suppliers, providing specifications and testing initial production. Such disruptions
in our business and/or delays in fulfilling orders would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations, as well as damage our reputation and brand. 

Even
if we expand our customer base, there is no assurance that we will continue to make a profit. 

Our
revenue growth has been derived from the sale of our products. Our success and the planned growth and expansion of our business depend
on us achieving greater and broader acceptance of our products and expanding our customer base. There can be no assurance that customers
will purchase our products or that we will continue to expand our customer base. If we are unable to effectively market or expand our
product offerings, we will be unable to grow and expand our business or implement our business strategy. Even if we obtain more customers,
there is no guarantee that we will be able to continue to generate a profit. Because we have limited capital, we may be required to limit
our products and services. Because we will be limiting our marketing activities, we may not be able to attract enough customers to buy
our products to operate profitably. If we cannot market our new and existing products and services profitably, we may have to limit or
suspend or cease operations. 

Even
if we are able to expand our business operations, we may be unable to successfully manage our future growth . 

If
we are able to continue expanding our operations, we may experience periods of rapid growth that will require additional resources. Any
such growth could place increased strain on our management, operational, financial and other resources, and we will need to train, motivate,
and manage employees, as well as attract management, sales, finance and accounting, international, technical, and other professionals.
In addition, we will need to expand the scope of our infrastructure and develop further physical resources. Any failure to expand these
areas and implement appropriate procedures and controls in an efficient manner and at a pace consistent with the business objectives
could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our
inability to effectively manage our growth could harm our business and materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial
condition. 

Our
strategy envisions growing our business. We plan to expand our product, sales, administrative and marketing operations. Any growth in
or expansion of our business is likely to continue to place a strain on our management and administrative resources, infrastructure and
systems. As with other growing businesses, we expect that we will need to further refine and expand our business development capabilities,
our systems and processes and our access to financing sources. We also will need to hire, train, supervise, and manage new employees.
These processes are time consuming and expensive, will increase management responsibilities and will divert management attention. 

- 9 - 

 Table of Contents 

If
we do not successfully generate additional products and services, or if such products and services are developed but not successfully
commercialized, we could lose revenue opportunities. 

Our
future success depends, in part, on our ability to expand our product and service offerings. To that end we have engaged in the process
of identifying new product opportunities to provide additional products and related services to our customers. The processes of identifying
and commercializing new products is complex and uncertain, and if we fail to accurately predict customers changing needs and emerging
trends, our business could be harmed. We have already and may have to continue to commit significant resources to commercializing new
products before knowing whether our investments will result in products the market will accept. Furthermore, we may not execute successfully
on commercializing those products because of errors in product planning or timing, technical hurdles that we fail to overcome in a timely
fashion, or a lack of appropriate resources. This could result in competitors providing those solutions before we do and a reduction
in net sales and earnings. 

The
success of new products depends on several factors, including proper new product definition, timely completion, and introduction of these
products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors, and market acceptance of these products. There can be no assurance
that we will successfully identify additional new product opportunities, develop and bring new products to market in a timely manner,
or achieve market acceptance of our products or that products and technologies developed by others will not render our products or technologies
obsolete or noncompetitive. 

Our
business may suffer if we are unable to attract or retain talented personnel. 

Our
success will depend in large measure on the abilities, expertise, judgment, discretion, integrity and good faith of Management, as well
as other personnel. We have a small management team, and the loss of a key individual or our inability to attract suitably qualified
replacements or additional staff could adversely affect our business. Our success also depends on the ability of Management to form and
maintain key commercial relationships within the marketplace. No assurance can be given that key personnel will continue their association
or employment with us or that replacement personnel with comparable skills will be found. If we are unable to attract and retain key
personnel and additional employees, our business may be adversely affected. We do not maintain key-man life insurance on any of our executive
employees. 

The
loss of key management personnel could adversely affect our business 

We
depend on the continued services of our executive officers and senior management team as they work closely with independent associate
leaders and are responsible for our day-to-day operations. Our success depends in part on our ability to retain our executive officers,
to compensate our executive officers at attractive levels, and to continue to attract additional qualified individuals to our management
team. Although we have entered into employment agreements with our senior management team, and do not believe that any of them are planning
to leave or retire in the near term, we cannot assure you that our senior managers will remain with us. The loss or limitation of the
services of any of our executive officers or members of our senior management team, or the inability to attract additional qualified
management personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or independent
associate relations. 

- 10 - 

 Table of Contents 

The
lack of available and cost-effective directors and officer s insurance coverage in our industry may cause us to be unable to attract
and retain qualified executives, and this may result in our inability to further develop our business. 

Our
business depends on attracting independent directors, executives and senior management to advance our business plans. We currently do
not have directors and officer s insurance to protect our directors, officers and the company against to possible third-party claims.
This is due to the significant lack availability of such policies in the cannabis industry at reasonably competitive prices. As a result,
the Company and our executive directors and officers are susceptible to liability claims arising by third parties, and as a result, we
may be unable to attract and retain qualified independent directors and executive management causing the development of our business
plans to be impeded as a result. 

If
we fail to maintain satisfactory relationships with our larger customers, our business may be harmed. 

We
do not have and are unlikely to enter into long-term fixed quantity supply agreements with our customers. Due to competition or other
factors, we could lose future business from our customers, either partially or completely. The future loss of one or more of our significant
customers or a substantial future reduction of orders by any of our significant customers could harm our business and results of operations.
Moreover, our customers may vary their order levels significantly from period to period and customers may not continue to place orders
with us in the future at the same levels as in prior periods. In the event that in the future we lose any of our larger customers, we
may not be able to replace that revenue source. This could harm our financial results. 

Management
of growth will be necessary for us to be competitive 

Successful
expansion of our business will depend on our ability to effectively attract and manage staff, strategic business relationships, and shareholders.
Specifically, we will need to hire skilled management and technical personnel as well as manage partnerships to navigate shifts in the
general economic environment. Expansion has the potential to place significant strains on financial, management, and operational resources,
yet failure to expand will inhibit our profitability goals. 

We
import many of our products from Asian countries, including the People s Republic of China. Disruptions or a change in the
tariff situation may negatively affect our business 

Many
of the products we market are manufactured in Asian countries and are then imported to our facilities in the United States and ultimately
sold to our customers. There can be no assurance of the reliability of such channels and disruption would likely have a significant impact
on our business operations, our ability to retain customers and on our ability to generate profits. A significant change in trade tariffs
could also negatively affect our business operations. 

If
product liability lawsuits are successfully brought against us, we will incur substantial liabilities. 

From
time to time, we may receive complaints from customers regarding our goods and services. We may become subject to product liability lawsuits
from customers alleging injury because of a purported defect in our products or services, claiming substantial damages and demanding
payments from us. Liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers
inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer
protection acts. We may be in the chain of ownership when we supply or distributes products, and therefore is subject to the risk of
being held legally responsible for such products. Given the nature of these products (including their relation to cannabis or for other
reasons), these claims may not be subject to insurance coverage or covered by insurance policies. Any resulting litigation, regardless
of the merits or eventual outcome, could decrease demand for our products, result in product recalls or withdrawals, be costly, divert
management attention, result in increased costs of doing business, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations, and financial condition. Any litigation or even negative publicity generated as a result of customer frustration or disagreement
with the products or services could damage our reputation and diminish the value of our brand name, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

- 11 - 

 Table of Contents 

We
cannot guarantee that we will succeed in achieving our goals, and our failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results 

Some
of business initiatives in the hydroponic sector are new and are only in early stages of commercialization. As is typical in a new and
rapidly evolving industry, demand and market acceptance for recently introduced products and services are subject to a high level of
uncertainty and risk. Because the market for our Company is new and evolving, it is difficult to predict with any certainty the size
of this market and its growth rate, if any. We cannot guarantee that a market for our Company will develop or that demand for our products
will emerge or be sustainable. If the market fails to develop, develops more slowly than expected or becomes saturated with competitors,
our business, financial condition and operating results would be materially adversely affected. 

RISKS
OF GOVERNMENT ACTION AND REGULATORY UNCERTAINTY 

The
Farm Bill recently passed, and undeveloped shared state-federal regulations over hemp cultivation and production may impact our business. 

The
Farm Bill was signed into law on December 20, 2018. Under Section 10113
of the Farm Bill, state departments of agriculture must consult with the state s governor and chief law enforcement officer to
devise a plan that must be submitted to the Secretary of USDA. A state s plan to license and regulate hemp can only commence once
the Secretary of USDA approves that state s plan. In states opting not to devise a hemp regulatory program, USDA will need to construct
a regulatory program under which hemp cultivators in those states must apply for licenses and comply with a federally-run program. The
details and scopes of each state s plans are not known at this time and may contain varying regulations that may impact our business.
Even if a state creates a plan in conjunction with its governor and chief law enforcement officer, the Secretary of the USDA must approve
it. There can be no guarantee that any state plan will be approved. Review times may be extensive. There may be amendments and the ultimate
plans, if approved by states and the USDA, may materially limit our business depending upon the scope of the regulations. 

Laws
and regulations affecting our industry to be developed under the Farm Bill are in development 

As
a result of the Farm Bill s recent passage, there will be a constant evolution of laws and regulations affecting the hemp industry
could detrimentally affect our operations. Local, state and federal hemp laws and regulations may be broad in scope and subject to changing
interpretations. These changes may require us to incur substantial costs associated with legal and compliance fees and ultimately require
us to alter our business plan. Furthermore, violations of these laws, or alleged violations, could disrupt our business and result in
a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, we cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations
or applications, and it is possible that regulations [T3]
 may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our business. While we have not
identified any direct liabilities or business issue relative to the above items, there can be no assurance that any such issues will
not arise in the future. Thus, there can be no assurance the Company will not be subject to contingent liabilities in the future relative
to the above. 

- 12 - 

 Table of Contents 

U.S.
Federal and foreign regulation and enforcement may adversely affect the implementation of cannabis laws and regulations and may negatively
impact our revenue, or we may be found to be violating the Controlled Substances Act or other U.S. federal, state, or foreign laws. 

The
Company does have plans to cultivate, process, market or distribute cannabis
or any products that contain cannabis, some of our customers do engage in such activities. Cannabis, as not strictly defined in the 2018
Farm Bill, is a Schedule-I controlled substance and is illegal under federal law. Even in those states where the use of cannabis, as
not strictly defined in the 2018 Farm Bill, has been legalized, its use remains a violation of federal law. A Schedule I controlled substance
is defined as a substance that has no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of safety for use under medical supervision
and a high potential for abuse. The Department of Justice defines Schedule 1 controlled substances as the most dangerous drugs
of all the drug schedules with potentially severe psychological or physical dependence. 

At
present, numerous states and the District of Columbia allow their citizens to use medical cannabis. Additionally, many states have approved
legalization of cannabis, as not strictly defined in the 2018 Farm Bill, for adult recreational use. The laws of these states relative
to cannabis as not strictly defined in the 2018 Farm Bill, are in conflict with the Federal Controlled Substances Act, which makes cannabis,
as not strictly defined in the 2018 Farm Bill, use and possession illegal on a national level. If the federal government decides to enforce
the Controlled Substances Act with respect to cannabis, as not strictly defined in the 2018 Farm Bill, persons that are charged with
distributing, possessing with intent to distribute, or growing cannabis, as not strictly defined in the 2018 Farm Bill, could be subject
to fines and imprisonment. Any such change in the federal government s enforcement of current federal laws will cause significant
financial damage to us. 

The
approach to the enforcement of cannabis laws may be subject to change, which creates uncertainty for our business. 

As
a result of the conflicting views between state legislatures and the federal government regarding cannabis, as not strictly defined in
the 2018 Farm Bill, investments in, and the operations of, cannabis businesses in the U.S. are subject to inconsistent laws and regulations.
Laws and regulations affecting the cannabis industry are constantly changing, which could detrimentally affect our operations. Local,
state and federal cannabis laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which could require us to
incur substantial costs associated with compliance or alter our business plan. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations
of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. It is also possible that regulations
may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our business. These ever-changing regulations could even affect federal
tax policies that may make it difficult to claim tax deductions on our returns. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations,
interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and
procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. 

RISKS
ASSOCIATED WITH BANK AND INSURANCE LAWS AND REGULATIONS 

We
and our customers may have difficulty accessing the service of banks, which may make it difficult to sell our products and service s
 and manage our cash flows. 

Since
the commerce in cannabis, as not strictly defined in the 2018 Farm Bill, is illegal under federal law, federally most chartered banks
will not accept for deposit funds from businesses involved with cannabis. Consequently, businesses involved in the cannabis industry
often have trouble finding a bank willing to accept their business. The inability to open bank accounts may make it difficult for our
customers to operate. There does appears to be recent movement to allow state-chartered banks and credit unions to provide banking to
the industry, but as of the date of this report there are only nominal entities that have been formed that offer these services. 

- 13 - 

 Table of Contents 

Financial
transactions involving proceeds generated by cannabis-related conduct can form the basis for prosecution under the federal money laundering
statutes, unlicensed money transmitter statute and the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act. Despite guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury
suggesting it may be possible for financial institutions to provide services to cannabis-related businesses consistent with their obligations
under the Bank Secrecy Act, banks remain hesitant to offer banking services to cannabis-related businesses. Consequently, those businesses
involved in the cannabis industry continue to encounter difficulty establishing banking relationships. Our inability to maintain our
current bank accounts would make it difficult for us to operate our business, increase our operating costs, and pose additional operational,
logistical and security challenges and could result in our inability to implement our business plan. Similarly, many of our customers
are directly involved in cannabis sales and further restriction to their ability to access banking services may make it difficult for
them to purchase our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
are subject to certain federal regulations relating to cash reporting. 

The
Bank Secrecy Act, enforced by FinCEN, requires us to report currency transactions in excess of 10,000, including identification of the
customer by name and social security number, to the IRS. This regulation also requires us to report certain suspicious activity, including
any transaction that exceeds 5,000 that we know, suspect or have reason to believe involves funds from illegal activity or is designed
to evade federal regulations or reporting requirements and to verify sources of funds. Substantial penalties can be imposed against us
if we fail to comply with this regulation. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, the imposition of a substantial penalty
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Due
to our involvement in the cannabis industry, we may have a difficult time obtaining the various insurances that are desired to operate
our business, which may expose us to additional risk and financial liability 

Insurance
that is otherwise readily available, such as general liability, and directors and officer s insurance, is more difficult for us
to find, and more expensive, because we are service providers to companies in the cannabis industry. There are no guarantees that we
will be able to find such insurances in the future, or that the cost will be affordable to us. If we are forced to go without such insurances,
it may prevent us from entering into certain business sectors, may inhibit our growth, and may expose us to additional risk and financial
liabilities. 

RISK
ASSOCIATED WITH OUR INDUSTRY 

Our
business and financial performance may be adversely affected by downturns in the target markets that we serve or reduced demand for the
types of products we sell. 

Demand
for our products is often affected by general economic conditions as well as product-use trends in our target markets. These changes
may result in decreased demand for our products. The occurrence of these conditions is beyond our ability to control and, when they occur,
they may have a significant impact on our sales and results of operations. The inability or unwillingness of our customers to pay a premium
for our products due to general economic conditions or a downturn in the economy may have a significant adverse impact on our sales and
results of operations. 

- 14 - 

 Table of Contents 

Changes
within the cannabis industry may adversely affect our financial performance. 

Changes
in the identity, ownership structure and strategic goals of our competitors and the emergence of new competitors in our target markets
may harm our financial performance. New competitors may include foreign-based companies and commodity-based domestic producers who could
enter our specialty markets if they are unable to compete in their traditional markets. The paper industry has also experienced consolidation
of producers and distribution channels. Further consolidation could unite other producers with distribution channels through which we
intend to sell our products, thereby limiting access to our target markets. 

We
are subject to certain tax risks and treatments that could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Section
280E of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, prohibits businesses from deducting certain expenses associated with trafficking-controlled
substances (within the meaning of Schedule I and II of the Controlled Substances Act). The IRS has invoked Section 280E in tax audits
against various cannabis businesses in the U.S. that are permitted under applicable state laws. Although the IRS issued a clarification
allowing the deduction of certain expenses, the scope of such items is interpreted very narrowly, and the bulk of operating costs and
general administrative costs are not permitted to be deducted. While there are currently several pending cases before various administrative
and federal courts challenging these restrictions, there is no guarantee that these courts will issue an interpretation of Section 280E
favorable to cannabis businesses. 

The
Company s industry is highly competitive, and we have less capital and resources than many of our competitors which may give them
and advantage in developing and marketing products similar to ours or make our products obsolete. 

We
are involved in a highly competitive industry where we may compete with numerous other companies who offer alternative methods or approaches,
who may have far greater resources, more experience, and personnel perhaps more qualified than we do. Such resources may give our competitors
an advantage in developing and marketing products similar to ours or products that make our products less desirable to consumers or obsolete.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete against these other entities. 

We
may be unable to respond to the rapid technological change in the industry and such change may increase costs and competition that may
adversely affect our business 

Rapidly
changing technologies, frequent new product and service introductions and evolving industry standards characterize our market. The continued
growth of the Internet and intense competition in our industry exacerbates these market characteristics. Our future success will depend
on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies by continually improving the performance features and reliability of our products.
We may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction or marketing of our products. In
addition, any new enhancements must meet the requirements of our current and prospective customers and must achieve significant market
acceptance. We could also incur substantial costs if we need to modify our products and services or infrastructures to adapt to these
changes. 

We
also expect that new competitors may introduce products or services that are directly or indirectly competitive with us. These competitors
may succeed in developing, products and services that have greater functionality or are less costly than our products and services and
may be more successful in marketing such products and services. Technological changes have lowered the cost of operating communications
and computer systems and purchasing software. These changes reduce our cost of selling products and providing services, but also facilitate
increased competition by reducing competitors costs in providing similar products and services. This competition could increase
price competition and reduce anticipated profit margins. 

- 15 - 

 Table of Contents 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

We
may need additional capital that will dilute the ownership interest of investors. 

We
may require additional capital to fund our future business operations. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-related
or convertible debt securities, these securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of the rights of holders
of our shares of common stock, who may experience dilution of their ownership interest of our shares of Common Stock. We cannot predict
whether additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. Since our inception, we have experienced
negative cash flow from operations and expect to experience significant negative cash flow from operations in the future. The issuance
of additional shares of Common Stock by our board of directors may have the effect of further diluting the proportionate equity interest
and voting power of holders of our shares of Common Stock. 

We
have the ability to issue additional shares of our shares of preferred stock without asking for stockholder approval, which could cause
your investment to be diluted. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorizes the Board of Directors to issue up to 10,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock. The power of
the Board of Directors to issue shares of Common Stock, preferred stock or warrants or options to purchase shares of Common Stock or
preferred stock is generally not subject to stockholder approval. Accordingly, any additional issuance of our shares of Common Stock,
or shares of preferred stock that may be convertible into Common Stock, may have the effect of diluting your investment. 

Our
shares of Common Stock qualify as a penny stock. As such, we are subject to the risks associated with penny stocks . Regulations
relating to penny stocks limit the ability of our shareholders to sell their shares and, as a result, our shareholders
may have to hold their shares indefinitely. 

Our
shares of Common Stock are deemed to be penny stock as that term is defined in Rule_3a51-1 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Penny stocks are stocks: (a) with a price of less than 5.00 per share; (b) that
are not traded on a recognized national exchange; (c) whose prices are not quoted on the NASDAQ automated quotation system
(NASDAQ - where listed stocks must still meet requirement (a) above); or (d) in issuers with net tangible assets of less than 2,000,000
(if the issuer has been in continuous operation for at least three years) or 5,000,000 (if in continuous operation for less than three
years), or with average revenues of less than 6,000,000 for the last three years. 

Section
15(g) of the Exchange Act and Rule 240.15g(c)2 promulgated under the Exchange Act require broker dealers dealing in penny stocks to provide
potential investors with a document disclosing the risks of penny stocks and to obtain a manually signed and dated written receipt of
the document before effecting any transaction in a penny stock for the investor s account. Potential investors in our shares of
Common Stock are urged to obtain and read such disclosure carefully before purchasing any shares of Common Stock that are deemed to be
 penny stock . 

- 16 - 

 Table of Contents 

Moreover,
Regulation 240.15g-9 of the SEC requires broker dealers in penny stocks to approve the account of any investor for transactions in such
stocks before selling any penny stock to that investor. This procedure requires the broker dealer to: (a) obtain from the investor information
concerning his or her financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives; (b) reasonably determine, based on that information,
that transactions in penny stocks are suitable for the investor and that the investor has sufficient knowledge and experience as to be
reasonably capable of evaluating the risks of penny stock transactions; (c) provide the investor with a written statement setting forth
the basis on which the broker dealer made the determination in (ii) above; and (d) receive a signed and dated copy of such statement
from the investor confirming that it accurately reflects the investor s financial situation, investment experience and investment
objectives. Compliance with these requirements may make it more difficult for investors in our shares of Common Stock to resell their
shares to third parties or to otherwise dispose of them. Holders should be aware that, according to SEC Release No. 34-29093, dated April
17, 1991, the market for penny stocks suffers from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: 

control
 of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; 

manipulation
 of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; 

boiler
 room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced salespersons; 

excessive
 and undisclosed bid-ask differential and mark-ups by selling broker-dealers; and 

the
 wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along
 with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequent investor losses. 

Our
Management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position
to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, Management will strive within the confines
of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock and to deposit certificates in paper
form or to clear shares for trading under Safe Harbor exemptions and regulations for unregistered shares. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (known as FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing
that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that
speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-
dealers to recommend that their customers buy our shares of Common Stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and
have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for our investor to deposit paper stock
certificates or to clear our shares of Common Stock that are transferred electronically to brokerage accounts. There can be no assurances
that our investors will be able to clear our shares for eventual resale. 

Costs
and expenses of being a reporting company under the Exchange Act may be burdensome and prevent us from achieving profitability 

As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and parts of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended
(the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our
legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and place significant
strain on our personnel, systems and resources. 

- 17 - 

 Table of Contents 

The
trading market for our common stock is limited. 

We
are quoted on the OTC Markets Group s OTC Pink market tier under the trading symbol SGMD . This may result
in limited shareholder interest and hence lower prices for our common stock than might otherwise be obtained. 

Our
principal stockholders, executive officers and directors own a significant percentage of our common stock and will be able to exert a
significant control over matters submitted to the stockholders for approval. 

Our
officers and directors, and stockholders who own more than 5 of our common stock beneficially own a significant percentage of our common
stock. This significant concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price for our common stock because investors
often perceive disadvantages in owning stock in companies with controlling stockholders. These stockholders, if they acted together,
could significantly influence all matters requiring approval by the stockholders, including the election of directors. The interests
of these stockholders may not always coincide with the interests of other stockholders. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend
on appreciation in the price of our common stock . 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common stock and do not currently intend to do so for the foreseeable future. We
currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate
declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Therefore, the success of an investment in shares of our common stock
will depend upon any future appreciation in their value. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value
or even maintain the price at which our stockholders have purchased their shares. 

If
we fail to establish or maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may be unable to accurately report our financial
results or prevent fraud, and investor confidence and the market price of our common stock may, therefore, be adversely impacted. 

As
a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting for each of our fiscal years and to report any
material weaknesses in such internal control. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting, provide a management report on the internal control over financial reporting, which
must be attested to by our independent registered public accounting firm to the extent we decide not to avail ourselves of the exemptions
provided under federal laws. Management has presently concluded that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective and
has reported such conclusions in management s report in this annual report on Form 10-K. In the event that the Company s
status with the SEC changes to that of an accelerated filer from a smaller reporting company, our independent registered public accounting
firm will be required to attest to and report on our management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting. Under such circumstances, even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting are
effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may still decline to attest to our management s assessment, or may
issue a report that is qualified, if it is not satisfied with our controls, or the level at which our controls are documented, designed,
operated or reviewed, or if it interprets the relevant requirements differently from us. 

Shareholders
and investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock
could be negatively affected, we could become subject to investigations by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ),
or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources and could damage our reputation and
diminish the value of our brand name. 

- 18 - 

 Table of Contents 

The
market price of our common stock may be volatile and may be affected by market conditions beyond our control. The market price of our
common stock is subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors: 

variations
 in our operating results and market conditions specific to our business; 

the
 emergence of new competitors or new technologies; 

operating
 and market price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable; 

changes
 in our Board or management; 

sales
 or purchases of our common stock by insiders; 

commencement
 of, or involvement in, litigation; 

changes
 in governmental regulations, in particular with respect to the cannabis industry; and 

general
 economic conditions and slow or negative growth of related markets. 

In
addition, if the market for stocks in our industry, or the stock market in general, experiences a loss of investor confidence, the market
price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition, or results of operations. If any
of the foregoing occurs, it could cause the price of our common stock to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful,
could be costly to defend and a distraction to our Board of Directors and management. 

T he
application of the penny stock rules could adversely affect the market price of our common shares and increase your transaction
costs to sell those shares. 

Our
shares of Common Stock are considered to be penny stocks as the SEC has adopted Rule 3a51-1, which establishes the definition
of a penny stock, to include any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise
price of less than 5.00 per share and because they are not registered on a national securities exchange or listed on an automated quotation
system sponsored by a registered national securities association, pursuant to Rule 3a51-1(a) under the Exchange Act. For any transaction
involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in
penny stocks and that the broker or dealer receives from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity
and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a
disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer
made the suitability determination and that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the
transaction. Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules.
This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

- 19 - 

 Table of Contents 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

On
February 23, 2018, the Company entered into a 5-year lease agreement, commencing March 1, 2018, for office space.
The monthly rent for the first year was 11,770, with a 3 increase for each subsequent year. Total commitment for the full term
of the lease will be 737,367. 

Our
warehouse along with some office space is located at 20529 East Walnut Drive North, Diamond Bar, California, where we lease approximately
11,627 square feet of combined space. The lease term is for five years and two months ending on April 30, 2025. The current monthly rental
payment for the facility is 13,413. 

On
September 28, 2020, the Company and LMK Capital LLC LMK entered into a lease contract (the LMK Lease pursuant to which LMK agreed to lease to the Company five acres located in Northern California and owned by LMK (the Property ).
Jimmy Chan, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and majority stockholder of the Company, is majority
owner of LMK. 

The
term of the LMK Lease begins on October 1, 2020 and ends on September 30, 2023; provided, however, that at the end of the term,
the LMK Lease will continue on a month-to-month basis. Pursuant to the terms of the LMK Lease, the Company will pay rent
in the amount of 20,000 per month. The LMK Lease also provides that the Company will pay a 250,000 security deposit to LMK.
Pursuant to the terms of the Lease, the monthly rent will increase to 0.50 per sq. ft. on cultivation area upon approval of certificate
of occupancy with a 3 increase each subsequent year. As of June 30, 2021, the status of certificate of occupancy is still pending
and the Company has not paid any security deposit to LMK yet. 

The
Company intends to operate a regulated and licensed cannabis cultivation business on the Property. 

On
October 21, 2020, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement concerning the approximately 640-acre of land, commonly known
as 8895 and 8845 High Valley Road, Clearlake Oaks, CA95423. The purchase price was 1,972,124. 

We
believe that our existing facilities are adequate for our present purposes. The Company leases all its facilities and believes that if
necessary, it could secure suitable alternative facilities on similar terms without adversely affecting operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time and in the course of business, we may become involved in various legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief.
The amount of the ultimate liability, if any, from such claims cannot be determined. As of June 30, 2021, there were no legal
claims currently pending or, to our knowledge, threatened against our Company that, in the opinion of our management, would be likely
to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows, except as follows: 

On
 December 11, 2013, the Company was served with a complaint from two convertible note holders and investors in the Company. On February
 21, 2017, the Company signed a settlement agreement with the plaintiffs in the matter of Hannan vs. Sugarmade. Under the terms of
 the settlement agreement, the company agreed to pay the plaintiffs an aggregate of 227,000 to settle all claims against the Company,
 which included the payoff of two notes outstanding. The parties had estimated the value of the notes at approximately 80,000. As
 of June 30, 2020, third parties had purchased two (2) notes of approximately 80,000. As of June 30, 2021, there remains a balance,
 plus accrued interest on the 227,000 and on the 80,000 due under the notes. 

There
can be no assurances the ultimate liability relative to these lawsuits will not exceed what is outlined above. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
Applicable. 

- 20 - 

 Table of Contents 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Common
Stock 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 10,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share. As of
October 11, 2021, there were 8,680,267,684 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, which were held by 264 holders of record.
The number of holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose
shares are held in the names of broker-dealers and registered clearing agencies. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

As
of June 30, 2021, the Company had 541,500 shares of Series B preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

As
of June 30, 2021, the Company had 1 share of Series C preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Options
and Warrants 

None
of the shares of our common stock are subject to outstanding options or warrants. 

- 21 - 

 Table of Contents 

Market
for Our Shares of Common Stock 

Our
common stock currently is traded on the OTC Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group under the symbol SGMD. The market
for our common stock is highly volatile. We cannot assure you that there will be a market in the future for our common stock. OTC
Markets securities are not listed and traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, OTC Markets
securities transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. OTC Markets stocks
are traditionally smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange. 

The
following table sets forth the high and low bid prices per share of our common stock by OTC Markets for the periods indicated. The following
quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions 

For
 the year ended June 30, 2020 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter 
 0.007 
 0.002 
 
 Third
 Quarter 
 0.013 
 0.004 
 
 Second
 Quarter 
 0.022 
 0.012 
 
 First
 Quarter 
 0.034 
 0.011 

For
 the year ended June 30, 2021 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter 
 0.007 
 0.002 
 
 Third
 Quarter 
 0.018 
 0.001 
 
 Second
 Quarter 
 0.002 
 0.001 
 
 First
 Quarter 
 0.005 
 0.001 

As
of October 11, 2021, the closing price of our common stock on the OTC Pink was 0.0018. 

Transfer
Agent 

Our
transfer agent is West Coast Stock Transfer, Inc. of Encinitas, California; Telephone (619) 664-4780. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. For the foreseeable future, we do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

- 22 - 

 Table of Contents 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Convertible
Notes 

On July 6, 2020, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 77,000 (includes 2,000 OID). The note is due 360 days from issuance
and bears an interest at the rate of 8 . The conversion price for the note is 38 discount to average of three lowest
trading prices for the 10 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. 

On
July 7, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 153,000 (includes 3,000
OID). The note is due 360 days from issuance and bears an interest at the rate of 10 . The conversion price for the note is 35 
discount to average of two lowest trading prices for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. 

On
July 16, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 260,700 (includes
 23,700 OID and 12,000 legal expense). The note is due 360 days from issuance and bears an interest at the rate of 8 . The conversion
price for the note is 60 of the lowest trading bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. 

On
July 21, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 200,200 (includes
 18,200 OID and 7,000 legal expense). The note is due 360 days from issuance and bears an interest at the rate of 8 . The conversion
price for the note is 60 of the lowest trading bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. 

On
September 8, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 110,000 (includes
 10,000 OID). The note is due 180 days from issuance and bears an interest at the rate of 12 . The conversion price for the note
is 0.01 per share. After the six month anniversary of this note, the conversion price shall be equal to the lower of the fixed price
of 0.01 or 65 of the lowest trading price of the common stock for the 20 prior trading days including the day upon which a conversion
notice is received by the Company or its transfer agent. 

On
September 10, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 227,700 (includes
 20,700 OID and 7,000 legal expense). The note is due 360 days from issuance and bears an interest at the rate of 8 . The conversion
price for the note is 60 of the lowest trading bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. 

On
September 24, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 212,300 (includes
 19,300 OID). The note is due 180 days from issuance and bears an interest at the rate of 12 . The conversion price for the note
is 0.01 per share. After the six month anniversary of this note, the conversion price shall be equal to the lower of the fixed price
of 0.01 or 65 of the lowest trading price of the common stock for the 20 prior trading days including the day upon which a conversion
notice is received by the Company or its transfer agent. 

On
October 8, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 231,000 (includes
 21,000 OID). The note is due 180 days from issuance and bears an interest at the rate of 12 . The conversion price for the note
is 0.01 per share. After the six month anniversary of this note, the conversion price shall be equal to the lower of the fixed price
of 0.01 or 65 of the lowest trading price of the common stock for the 20 prior trading days including the day upon which a conversion
notice is received by the Company or its transfer agent. 

On
October 13, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 275,000 (includes
 25,000 OID). The note is due 180 days from issuance and bears an interest at the rate of 12 . The conversion price for the note
is 0.01 per share. After the six month anniversary of this note, the conversion price shall be equal to the lower of the fixed price
of 0.01 or 65 of the lowest trading price of the common stock for the 20 prior trading days including the day upon which a conversion
notice is received by the Company or its transfer agent. 

On
November 10, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 58,300 (includes
 5,300 OID). The note is due 360 days from issuance and bears an interest at the rate of 8 . The conversion price for the note
is 60 of the lowest trading bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. 

On
February 8, 2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 69,300 (includes
 6,300 OID). The note is due 360 days from issuance and bears an interest at the rate of 8 . The conversion price for the note
is 60 of the lowest trading bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. 

On
June 14, 2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 300,000. The note
is due in three years and bear an interest rate of 1 . The conversion price for the note is lesser of 0.0036 and 85 of the lesser of
(i) 5 days VWAP on the trading day preceding the conversion date, and (ii) the VWAP on the conversion date. 

- 23 - 

 Table of Contents 

Shares
of Common Stock 

Subsequent
to June 30, 2021, the Company issued 2,620,000,001 shares of common stock for cash in total amount of 4,171,000. 

Except
as otherwise noted, the securities in these transactions were sold in reliance on the exemption from registration provided in Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act for transactions not involving any public offering. Each of the persons acquiring the foregoing securities
was an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D) and confirmed the foregoing and acknowledged, in writing, that
the securities must be acquired and held for investment. All certificates evidencing the shares sold bore a restrictive legend. The Company
took reasonable steps to verify that the investors were accredited investors. No underwriter participated in the offer and sale of these
securities, and no commission or other remuneration was paid or given directly or indirectly in connection therewith. 

The
proceeds from these sales were used for general corporate purposes. 

Purchase
of Equity Securities 

The
Company did not purchase or redeem any of its equity securities during the fourth quarter of its fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

Not
applicable. 

- 24 - 

 Table of Contents 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This
discussion and analysis may include statements regarding our expectations with respect to our future performance, liquidity, and capital
resources. Such statements, along with any other non-historical statements in the discussion, are forward-looking. These forward-looking
statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, factors listed in other documents we file
with the SEC. We do not assume an obligation to update any forward- looking statement. Our actual results may differ materially from
those contained in or implied by any of the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K. See SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-
LOOKING STATEMENTS above. 

Results
of Operations 

The
following table sets forth the results of our operations for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. Certain columns may not add due
to rounding. 

For
 the years ended June 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Revenues,
 net 
 3,979,049 
 4,362,585 
 
 Cost
 of goods sold 
 2,153,311 
 2,851,940 
 
 Gross
 margin 
 1,825,738 
 1,510,645 
 
 Operating
 expense 
 5,767,335 
 13,636,211 
 
 Loss
 from operations 
 (3,941,597 
 (12,125,576 
 
 Non-operating
 income (expense) 
 (2,091,204 
 (9,408,995 
 
 Equity
 method investment loss 
 (81,725 

Net
 income (loss) 
 (6,144,526 
 (21,534,571 
 
 Less:
 net loss attributable to the non-controlling interest 
 (188,392 
 (195,416 
 
 Net
 loss attributable to Sugarmade Inc. 
 (5,926,134 
 (21,339,155 

Revenues 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, revenues were 3,979,049 and 4,362,585 respectively. The decrease was primarily due to the
COVID 19 pandemic which had significant impact on the restaurant supply industry. 

Cost
of goods sold 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, cost of goods sold were 2,153,311 and 2,851,940 respectively. The decrease was primarily due
to the COVID 19 pandemic which had significant impact on the restaurant supply industry. 

Gross
Profit 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, gross profit was 1,825,738 and 1,510,645, respectively. The increase was primarily due to the
higher margin from the Indigo dye and NUG business. The gross profit margin was 45.88 and 34.63 , respectively, for the years
ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Selling,
general and administrative, expenses 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, selling, general and administrative expenses were 5,767,335 and 13,636,211 respectively. The
decrease was due to a decrease in stock compensation expenses for employees, legal, and consulting fees during the year ended
June 30, 2021. 

- 25 - 

 Table of Contents 

Non-operating
income expenses 

The
Company had total non-operating expense of 2,091,204 and 9,408,995 for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
The decrease in non-operating income is mainly related to the changes in fair value of derivative liabilities. 

Net
loss 

Net
loss totaled 5,926,134 for the year ended June 30, 2021, compared to a net loss of 21,534,571 for the year ended June 30, 2020.
The decrease was due to a decrease in stock compensation expenses for employees, legal, and consulting fees during the year ended
June 30, 2021. 

Outstanding
Litigation 

The
Company is a plaintiff, in Contra Costa County, California, in a suit against Diversified Products Group Inc. (DPG), including its former
employees and Chairman of the Company. The matter has been settled and is pending dismissal of the entire action. 

On
 December 11, 2013, the Company was served with a complaint from two
convertible note holders and investors in the Company. On February 21, 2017, the Company signed a settlement agreement with the plaintiffs
in the matter of Hannan vs. Sugarmade. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, the company agreed to pay the plaintiffs 227,000
to settle all claims against the Company, which included the payoff of two notes outstanding. The parties had estimated the value of
the notes at approximately 80,000. As of June 30, 2020, third parties had purchased two (2) notes of approximately 80,000. As of June
30, 2021, there remains a balance, plus accrued interest on the 227,000 and on the 80,000 due under the notes. 

There
can be no assurances the ultimate liability relative to these lawsuits will not exceed what is outlined above. 

Related
Party Transactions 

On
January 23, 2013, SWC received a loan from an employee for 40,000. The loan bears no interest. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the balance
of loans payable is 15,427 and 15,427, respectively. 

On
July 7, 2016, SWC received a loan from an employee. The amount of the loan bears no interest and amortized on a monthly basis over the
life of the loan. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the balance of the loans payable were 49,447 and 30,000, respectively. 

On
November 21, 2016, SWC received a loan from an employee. The amount of the loan bears no interest and due in September 30, 2017. As of
June 30, 2021. the note was in default. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the balance of the loans payable were 83,275 and 5,943, respectively. 

On
September 1, 2017, the Company had related party transaction with LMK Capital LLC, a related party company owned by Jimmy Chan, the Company s
CEO. The amount of the loan payable/receivable bears no interest and due on demand. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the balance of the
loan payable to LMK were 26,452 and 0, respectively, and the balance of loan receivable were 0 and 122,535, respectively. 

On
May 25, 2021, Lemon Glow received a loan from an officer. The amount of the loan bears no interest and due on demand. As of June 30,
2021 and 2020, the balance of the loans were 3,000 and 0, respectively. 

Leverage
Ratio 

Due
to net losses from the previous years, the Company s insolvency is a result of their stockholder s deficit. Total
liabilities amounted to 14,662,733 and the stockholders equity was 4,770,218, resulting in a debt to equity
ratio of 3.07:1. 

- 26 - 

 Table of Contents 

Going
Concern 

The
Company sustained continued operating losses during the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. The Company s continuation as a going
concern is dependent on its ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet its obligations, in which it has not been
successful, and/or obtaining additional financing from its shareholders or other sources, as may be required. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern; however,
the above condition raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to do so. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and
classifications of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Management
is endeavoring to increase revenue-generating operations. While priority is on generating cash from operations through the sale of the
Company s products, management is also seeking to raise additional working capital through various financing sources, including
the sale of the Company s equity and/or debt securities, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.
If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue our business as desired and our operating results
will be adversely affected. In addition, any financing arrangement may have potentially adverse effects on us and/or our stockholders.
Debt financing (if available and undertaken) will increase expenses, must be repaid regardless of operating results and may involve restrictions
limiting our operating flexibility. If we issue equity securities to raise additional funds, the percentage ownership of our existing
stockholders will be reduced and the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of the current
holders of our common stock. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
have primarily financed our operations through the sale of unregistered equity, loans and convertible notes payable. As of June 30, 2021,
our Company had a cash balance of 1,396,944, current assets of 4,151,909 and total assets of 19,432,951. We had current liabilities
of 8,815,251 and total liabilities of 14,662,733. Stockholders equity was 4,770,218 as of June 30, 2021. 

The
following is a summary of cash provided by or used in each of the indicated types of activities during the years ended June 30, 2021
and 2020: 

Cash
 (used in) provided by: 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Operating
 activities 
 (4,314,832 
 (1,984,876 
 
 Investing
 activities 
 (372,210 
 (132,494 
 
 Financing
 activities 
 5,642,982 
 2,524,003 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 4,314,832 for the year ended June 30, 2021, and 1,984,876 for the year ended June 30,
2020. The increase was attributable to the change in accounts receivable, prepayments, accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 was 372,210 and 132,494. The increase was attributable
to investment proceeds from Lemon Glow and purchase of fixed assets. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities totaled 5,642,982 for the year ended June 30, 2021. Net cash provided by financing activities
totaled 2,524,003 for the year ended June 30, 2020. The increase in cash inflow in 2021 was mainly due to increased proceeds from equity
sales. 

- 27 - 

 Table of Contents 

Our
capital requirements going forward will consist of financing our operations until we are able to reach a level of revenues and gross
margins adequate to equal or exceed our ongoing operating expenses. Other than the notes payable discussed above, borrowings from our
bank and the production credit facility with our suppliers, we do not have any credit agreements or other sources of liquidity immediately
available to us. 

Given
estimates of our Company s future operating results and our credit arrangements with our suppliers, we are currently forecasting
that we will need to secure additional financing to obtain adequate financial resources to reach profitability. As of the date of this
report, we estimate that the cash necessary to implement our current business plan for the next twelve (12) months is approximately 5,000,000. 

Based
on our need to raise additional funds to implement our business plans for the next twelve months, we have included a discussion concerning
the presentation of our financial statements on a going concern basis in the notes to our financial statements and our independent public
accountants have included a similar discussion in their opinion on our financial statements through June 30, 2021. We will be
required in the near future to issue debt or sell our Company s equity securities in order to raise additional cash, although there
are no firm arrangements in place for any such financing at this time. We cannot provide any assurances as to whether we will be able
to secure the necessary financing, or the terms of any such financing transaction if one were to occur. The failure to secure such financing
could severely curtail our plans for future growth or in more severe scenarios, the continued operations of our Company. 

Capital
Expenditures 

Our
current plans call for our Company to expend significant amounts for capital expenditures for the foreseeable future beyond relatively
insignificant expenditures for office furniture and information technology related equipment and employees as it is part of the requirement
to build the infrastructure needed to support the current growth. At the same time, we will continually evaluating the production processes
of our third party contract manufacturers to determine if there are investments, we could make in their processes to achieve manufacturing
improvements and significant cost savings. Any such desired investments would require additional cash above our current forecast requirements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies Involving Management Estimates and Assumptions 

Use
of Fair Value 

The
Financial Accounting Standards Board s (the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic
820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure
of fair value measurement and enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the
transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows: 

Level
l - observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level
2 - include other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace. 

Level
3 - unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activities. 

- 28 - 

 Table of Contents 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America U.S. GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Background
on FASB s Development of New Revenue Recognition Standard 

In
May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606) ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which
it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. ASU 2014-09 will replace most existing revenue
recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective and permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition
method. The guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising
from customer contracts. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, Deferral of the Effective Date ASU 2015-14 ),
which defers the effective date for ASU 2014-09 by one year. For public entities, the guidance in ASU 2014-09 will be effective for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 (including interim reporting periods within those periods), and for all other entities,
ASU 2014-09 will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim reporting periods within annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08, Principal versus Agent Considerations
(Reporting Revenue versus Net) ASU 2016-08 ), which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent
considerations in the new revenue recognition standard. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10, Identifying Performance
Obligations and Licensing ASU 2016-10 ), which reduces the complexity when applying the guidance for identifying
performance obligations and improves the operability and understandability of the license implementation guidance. In May 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-12 Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients ASU 2016-12 ), which amends the
guidance on transition, collectability, noncash consideration and the presentation of sales and other similar taxes. In December 2016,
the FASB further issued ASU 2016-20, Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASU 2016-20 ), which makes minor corrections or minor improvements to the Codification that are not expected to have a
significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities. The amendments are intended
to address implementation and provide additional practical expedients to reduce the cost and complexity of applying the new revenue standard.
These amendments have the same effective date as the new revenue standard. 

- 29 - 

 Table of Contents 

Cash 

Cash
and cash equivalents consist of amounts held as bank deposits and highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity
of three months or less. 

From
time to time, we may maintain bank balances in interest bearing accounts in excess of the 250,000 currently insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation for interest bearing accounts (there is currently no insurance limit for deposits in noninterest bearing accounts).
We have not experienced any losses with respect to cash. Management believes our Company is not exposed to any significant credit risk
with respect to its cash. 

Accounts
receivable 

Accounts
receivable are carried at their estimated collectible amounts, net of any estimated allowances for doubtful accounts. We grant unsecured
credit to our customer s deemed credit worthy. Ongoing credit evaluations are performed and potential credit losses estimated by
management are charged to operations on a regular basis. At the time any particular account receivable is deemed uncollectible, the balance
is charged to the allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company had accounts receivable net of allowances of 435,598 as of June 30, 2021
and of 134,517 as of June 30, 2020. 

Inventory 

Inventory
consists of finished goods paper and paper-based products ready for sale and is stated at the lower of cost or market. We value inventories
using the weighted average costing method (approximate FIFO costing method). We regularly review inventory and consider forecasts of
future demand, market conditions and product obsolescence. If the estimated realizable value of our inventory is less than cost, we make
provisions in order to reduce its carrying value to its estimated market value. 

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment
are computed principally using accelerated and straight-line methods using lives of 5-15 years for machine and equipment, 2-5 years for
vehicles, 3-5 years for production, and 30 years for land improvements. 

Expenditures
for renewals and betterments are capitalized while repairs and maintenance costs are normally charged to the statement of operations
in the year in which they are incurred. In situations where it can be clearly demonstrated that the expenditure has resulted in an increase
in the future economic benefits expected to be obtained from the use of the asset, the expenditure is capitalized as an additional cost
of the asset. 

Upon
sale or disposal of an asset, the historical cost and related accumulated depreciation or amortization of such asset were removed from
their respective accounts and any gain or loss is recorded in the statements of income. 

The
Company reviews the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition.
In cases where undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to an
amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by management in performing this assessment
include current operating results, trends and prospects, the manner in which the property is used, and the effects of obsolescence, demand,
competition and other economic factors. Based on this assessment, no impairment expenses for property, plant, and equipment was recorded
in operating expenses during the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Intangible
assets, net 

Intangible
assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful life. The Company monitors conditions related to these assets to determine
whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining amortization period. The Company tests its intangible assets with
finite lives for potential impairment whenever management concludes events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
may not be recoverable. The original estimate of an asset s useful life and the impact of an event or circumstance on either an
asset s useful life or carrying value involve significant judgment. 

Derivative
Instruments 

The
fair value of derivative instruments is recorded and shown separately under current liabilities. Changes in the fair value of derivatives
liability are recorded in the consolidated statement of operations under non-operating income (expense). 

- 30 - 

 Table of Contents 

Our
Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify
as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially
recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated
statements of operations. For stock-based derivative financial instruments, the Company uses a Lattice Binomial model to value the derivative
instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments
should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are
classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument could
be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

Stock
Based Compensation 

Stock
based compensation cost is measured at the date of grant, based on the calculated fair value of the stock-based award, and will be recognized
as expense over the employee s requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the award). We estimate the fair value
of employee stock options granted using the Binomial Option Pricing Model. Key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock options
will include the exercise price of the award, the fair value of our common stock on the date of grant, the expected option term, the
risk-free interest rate at the date of grant, the expected volatility and the expected annual dividend yield on our common stock. 

Loss
Per Share 

We
calculate basic earnings per share EPS by dividing our net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
for the period, without considering common stock equivalents. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income or net loss by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding for the period and the weighted average number of dilutive common stock equivalents, such
as options and warrants. Options and warrants are only included in the calculation of diluted EPS when their effect is dilutive. As of
June 30, 2021, there are approximately 1,172,004,759 potential shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debts, and 10,578,880 shares
of warrants were excluded in calculating diluted loss per share for the year ended June 30, 2021 due to the fact that issuance of the
shares is anti-dilutive as a result of the Company s net loss. 

Income
taxes 

We
account for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their perspective
tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years
in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change
in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are recorded, when necessary,
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

As
a result of the implementation of certain provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), which clarifies the accounting
and disclosure for uncertainty in tax position, as defined, ASC 740 seeks to reduce the diversity in practice associated with certain
aspect of the recognition and measurement related to accounting for income taxes. We adopted the provisions of ASC 740 as of October
2, 2008 and have analyzed filing positions in each of the federal and state jurisdictions where we are required to file income tax returns,
as well as open tax years in these jurisdictions. We have identified the U.S. federal and California as our major tax jurisdictions
and generally, we remain subject to Internal Revenue Service examination of our 2013 U.S. federal income tax returns. However, we have
certain tax attribute carryforwards, which will remain subject to review and adjustment by the relevant tax authorities until the statute
of limitations closes with respect to the year in which such attributes are utilized. 

We
believe that our income tax filing positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and do not anticipate any adjustments that will
result in a material change to our financial position. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded pursuant
to ASC 740. In addition, we did not record a cumulative effect adjustment related to the adoption of ASC 740. Our policy for recording
interest and penalties associated with income-based tax audits is to record such items as a component of income taxes. We have no interest
or penalties as of June 30, 2021. 

- 31 - 

 Table of Contents 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The new standard establishes an ROU model that requires a lessee
to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified
as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective
transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the
earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company have adopted
this ASU on the consolidated financial statements in the quarter ended September 30, 2019. 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes . The pronouncement simplifies the
accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles in ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes . The
pronouncement also improves consistent application of and simplifies U.S. GAAP for other areas of Topic 740 by clarifying and
amending existing guidance. ASU 2019-12 will be effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, with early adoption permitted.
We are still evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In
January 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-01, Investments - Equity Securities (Topic 321), Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures
(Topic 323), and Derivative and Hedging (Topic 815), which clarifies the interaction of rules for equity securities, the equity method
of accounting, and forward contracts and purchase options on certain types of securities. The guidance clarifies how to account for the
transition into and out of the equity method of accounting when considering observable transactions under the measurement alternative.
The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim reporting periods within those
annual periods, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on our consolidated financial
statements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Pursuant
to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as
it is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements at June 30, 2021 and 2020 nor at any time during the years then ended. 

- 32 - 

 Table of Contents 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Reports
 of Independent Registered Public Accountants 
 34 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 35 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 36 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 37 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 38 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 39 

- 33 - 

 Table of Contents 

19720
 Jetton Road, 3rd Floor 
 Cornelius,
 NC 28031 
 Tel:
 704-897-8336 
 Fax:
 704-919-5089 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Sugarmade,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sugarmade, Inc. and Subsidiary the Company as of June 30,
2021 and 2020 and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit, cash flows and the related notes to consolidated
financial statements (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements) for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows
for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

The
Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit, recurring losses, and expects continuing
future losses. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Deconsolidation
of Variable Interest Entities 

As
discussed in Notes 6 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company holds an equity investment in Indigo Dye Group Indigo and accounts for its investment as a consolidated variable interest entity VIE for the year ended June 30, 2020. During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company ceased their control and deconsolidated the VIE and now accounts its investment under the equity
method. To reach its accounting conclusion, the Company claimed it holds no controlling financial interest in Indigo. We identified the
assessment of the controlling financial interest in Indigo as a critical audit matter. 

Our
principal audit procedures performed to address this critical audit matter included the following: 

Evaluating
 if the Company has power to direct the activities of Indigo that the most significantly impact Indigo s economic performance. 

Evaluating
 the Company s obligation to absorb losses of Indigo that could potentially be significant to Indigo or the right to receive
 benefits from Indigo that could potentially be significant to Indigo. 

Investments
Impairment 

As
discussed in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements, the investment as of June 30, 2021 was 441,407. The Company performs
an impairment testing at least once a year, or as deemed necessary due to the identification of a triggering event. The Company recognized
a total impairment charge of 43,800 during the year ended June 30, 2021. The Company tests the investment asset utilizing a discounted
cash flow method to determine the estimated fair value. 

We
identified the assessment of the fair value of the Company s investments to be a critical audit matter. The discount rates and
revenue growth rates are subjective measures and changes to these assumptions could have a significant effect on the Company s
assessment of the investment s fair value. Inherent uncertainties exist related to the Company s revenue growth rates and
how various economic and other factors, including the projected impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, could affect the Company s forecasted
assumptions of future cash flows. Auditing these elements involved especially challenging and subjective auditor judgment, including
the need for specialized skills and knowledge. 

Our
principal audit procedures performed to address the investments impairment included the following: 

Assessing
 the Company s ability to estimate future cash flows, including projected revenues, by comparing the Company s historical
 cash flow forecasts by investment to actual results. 

Evaluating
 the reasonableness of assumptions used in the Company s estimate of fair value, including the revenue growth rate, given the
 inherent uncertainty of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Utilizing
 personnel with specialized knowledge and skill in valuation to assist in assessing the appropriateness of the methodology applied
 in estimating the fair values of the Company s investments, discount rate used in the Company s estimate of the fair
 value, including performing sensitivity analysis. 

Intangible
Assets Impairment 

As
discussed in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s intangible assets were 10.6 million as of June 30,
2021. The Company s intangible assets include amounts recognized in connection with business acquisitions. The intangible assets
mainly related to the cannabis cultivation license. In accordance with ASC 360, definite-lived intangible assets were reviewed for impairment
if a triggering event occurred. As of June 30, 2021, no triggering event was identified. As a result of that analysis, the Company concluded
there was no impairment for intangible assets as of such date. 

We
identified the intangible assets impairment assessment as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions
management used in the analysis. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these estimates and assumptions required
a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge. 

- 34 - 

 Table of Contents 

Our
principal audit procedures performed to address the intangible assets impairment included the following: 

Performed
 qualitative procedures to identify if any indications to the impairment. 

Performed
 a sensitivity analysis of significant assumptions, particularly as it relates to revenue growth rates and operating margins and evaluating
 the impact on the fair values that would result from changes in the assumptions. 

Utilizing
 personnel with specialized knowledge and skill in valuation to assist in assessing the appropriateness of the methodology applied
 in estimating the fair values of the Company s intangible assets and evaluating the reasonableness of certain assumptions used
 in valuation. 

Goodwill
Impairment 

As
discussed in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s goodwill was 757,648 as of June 30, 2021. The Company s
goodwill was recognized in connection with business acquisitions. In accordance with ASC 350, goodwill is reviewed for impairment at
least once a year. As of June 30, 2021, the Company concluded there was no impairment for intangible assets as of such date. 

We
identified the evaluation of the impairment analysis for goodwill as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and
assumptions management used in the analysis. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these estimates and assumptions
required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge. 

Our
principal audit procedures performed to address the goodwill impairment included the following: 

Performed
 a sensitivity analysis of significant assumptions, particularly as it relates to revenue growth rates and operating margins and evaluating
 the impact on the fair values that would result from changes in the assumptions. 

Utilizing
 personnel with specialized knowledge and skill in analysis to assist in assessing the appropriateness of the methodology applied
 in estimating the fair values of the Company s goodwill and evaluating the reasonableness of certain assumptions used in analysis. 

Convertible
Notes 

As
discussed in Notes 24 and 25 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had various debt instruments which included conversion
features requiring bifurcation and separate accounting. Management evaluated the required accounting, significant estimates, and judgments
around the valuation for these embedded derivatives. These embedded derivatives were initially measured at fair value and have subsequently
been remeasured to fair value at each reporting period and at settlement. 

There
is no current observable market for these types of features and, as such, the Company determined the fair value of the embedded derivatives
using a binomial option pricing model to measure the fair value of the bifurcated derivative. As a result, a high degree of auditor judgment
and effort was required in performing audit procedures to evaluate the conclusions reached by management, as well as the inputs to the
Company s binomial option pricing model. 

Our
principal audit procedures performed to address this critical audit matter included the following: 

We
 obtained an understanding of the controls and processes surrounding the evaluation, initial measurement and revaluation of the bifurcated
 derivatives. 

We
 evaluated management s assessment and the conclusions reached to ensure these instruments were recorded in accordance with
 the relevant accounting guidance. 

We
 evaluated the fair value of the bifurcated derivatives that included testing the valuation models and assumptions utilized by management.
 We reviewed and tested the fair value model used, significant assumptions, and underlying data used in the model. 

/s/
L L CPAS, PA 

 L L
CPAS, PA 

 Certified
Public Accountants 

 Plantation,
FL 

 The
United States of America 

 October
13, 2021 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since March 2018. 

- 35 - 

 Table of Contents 

Sugarmade,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

For
 the Year Ended 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 

(Audited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 Assets 
 
 Current
 assets: 

Cash 
 1,396,944 
 441,004 
 
 Accounts
 receivable, net 
 435,598 
 134,517 
 
 Inventory,
 net 
 441,582 
 679,471 
 
 Loan
 receivables, current 
 - 
 1,365 
 
 Loan
 receivables - related party, current 
 - 
 122,535 
 
 Trading
 securities, at market value 
 1,451,922 
 - 
 
 Other
 current assets 
 182,457 
 263,404 
 
 Right
 of use asset, current 
 243,406 
 270,363 
 
 Total
 current assets 
 4,151,909 
 1,912,659 
 
 Noncurrent
 assets: 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net 
 2,749,340 
 499,047 
 
 Intangible
 asset, net 
 10,650,394 
 9,800 
 
 Goodwill 
 757,648 
 - 
 
 Other
 noncurrent assets 
 - 
 54,163 
 
 Loan
 receivables, noncurrent 
 196,000 
 - 
 
 Loan
 receivables - related party, noncurrent 
 - 
 196,000 
 
 Right
 of use asset, noncurrent 
 486,253 
 835,393 
 
 Equity
 method investments in affiliates 
 441,407 
 - 
 
 Total
 noncurrent assets 
 15,281,042 
 1,594,403 
 
 Total
 assets 
 19,432,951 
 3,507,062 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Deficiency 
 
 Current
 liabilities: 

Note
 payable due to bank 
 25,982 
 25,982 
 
 Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities 
 2,058,839 
 1,583,228 
 
 Customer
 deposits 
 751,919 
 466,337 
 
 Customer
 overpayment 
 59,953 
 47,890 
 
 Unearned
 revenue 
 - 
 53,248 
 
 Other
 payables 
 750,485 
 691,801 
 
 Accrued
 interest 
 509,997 
 494,740 
 
 Accrued
 compensation and personnel related payables 
 15,471 
 35,361 
 
 Notes
 payable - Current 
 33,047 
 20,000 
 
 Notes
 payable - Related Parties, Current 
 15,427 
 15,427 
 
 Lease
 liability - Current 
 239,521 
 372,285 
 
 Loans
 payable - Current 
 392,605 
 319,314 
 
 Loan
 payable - Related Parties, Current 
 163,831 
 35,943 
 
 Convertible
 notes payable, Net, Current 
 1,421,694 
 1,740,122 
 
 Derivative
 liabilities, net 
 2,217,361 
 5,597,095 
 
 Warrants
 liabilities 
 21,042 
 79,910 
 
 Shares
 to be issued 
 138,077 
 101,577 
 
 Total
 curent liabilities 
 8,815,251 
 11,680,260 
 
 Non-current
 liabilities: 

Loans
 payable, noncurrent 
 308,588 
 197,946 
 
 Note
 payable, noncurrent 
 4,997,323 
 - 
 
 Convertible
 notes payable, Net, Noncurrent 
 17,422 
 - 
 
 Lease
 liability 
 524,149 
 767,729 
 
 Total
 noncurrent liabilities 
 5,847,482 
 965,675 
 
 Total
 liabilities 
 14,662,733 
 12,645,935 

Stockholders 
 equity (deficiency): 

Series
 A Preferred stock, 0.001 par value, 7,000,000 shares authorized 0 and 2,000,000 shares issued outstanding at June 30, 2021
 and June 30, 2020, respectively 
 - 
 2,000 
 
 Series
 B Preferred stock, 0.001 par value, 2,999,999 shares authorized 541,500 and 3,541,500 shares issued outstanding at June 30,
 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively 
 542 
 1,542 
 
 Series
 C Preferred stock, 0.001 par value, 1 share authorized, 0 and 0 share issued outstanding at June 30, 2021 and June 30,
 2020, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock, 0.001 par value, 10,000,000,000 shares authorized, 7,402,535,676 and 1,763,277,230
 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively 
 7,402,536 
 1,763,278 
 
 Additional
 paid-in capital 
 64,841,654 
 57,307,767 
 
 Share
 to be issued, Preferred stock 
 5,600,000 
 - 
 
 Subscription
 receivable 
 (500,000 
 - 
 
 Share
 to be issued, Common stock 
 1,889,608 
 236,008 
 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 (74,364,466 
 (68,438,332 
 
 Total
 stockholders equity (deficiency) 
 4,869,874 
 (9,127,737 
 
 Non-Controlling
 Interest 
 (99,656 
 (11,136 
 
 Total
 stockholders equity (deficiency) 
 4,770,218 
 (9,138,873 
 
 Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity (deficiency) 
 19,432,951 
 3,507,062 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated audited financial statements. 

- 36 - 

 Table of Contents 

Sugarmade,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 (Audited) 

For
 the Year Ended, 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 
 
 Revenues,
 net 
 3,979,049 
 4,362,585 
 
 Cost
 of goods sold 
 2,153,311 
 2,851,940 
 
 Gross
 profit 
 1,825,738 
 1,510,645 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 
 1,824,757 
 1,734,830 
 
 Advertising
 and promotion expense 
 844,890 
 430,141 
 
 Marketing
 and research expense 
 431,913 
 514,394 
 
 Professional
 expense 
 1,438,341 
 1,128,896 
 
 Salaries
 and wages 
 709,041 
 572,683 
 
 Stock
 compensation expense 
 518,393 
 9,255,277 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 5,767,335 
 13,636,221 

Loss
 from operations 
 (3,941,597 
 (12,125,576 

Non-operating
 income (expense): 

Other
 (expense) income 
 12,637 
 3,064 
 
 Gain
 in loss of control of VIE 
 313,928 
 - 
 
 Interest
 expense 
 (1,700,420 
 (1,613,044 
 
 Bad
 debts 
 (522,352 
 (240,157 
 
 Change
 in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 1,087,485 
 (1,442,295 
 
 Warrant
 Expense 
 58,868 
 (119,526 
 
 Loss
 on impairment 
 (43,800 
 (2,066,958 
 
 Loss
 on settlement 
 (106,051 
 (393,135 
 
 Inventory
 loss 
 (3,742 
 - 
 
 Gain
 on asset disposal 
 - 
 (119,044 
 
 Amortization
 of debt discount 
 (2,617,274 
 (3,823,500 
 
 Debt
 forgiveness 
 96,595 
 590,226 
 
 Gain
 on debt conversion 
 - 
 (184,626 
 
 Loss
 on deposits 
 (119,000 
 - 
 
 Unrealized
 gain on securities 
 1,451,922 
 - 
 
 Total
 non-operating expenses, net 
 (2,091,204 
 (9,408,995 
 
 Equity
 Method Investment Loss 
 (81,725 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss 
 (6,114,526 
 (21,534,571 

Less:
 net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest 
 (188,392 
 (195,416 
 
 Net
 loss attributable to SugarMade Inc. 
 (5,926,134 
 (21,339,155 

Basic
 net income (loss) per share 
 (0.00 
 (0.02 
 
 Diluted
 net income (loss) per share 
 (0.00 
 (0.02 

Basic
 and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 3,851,836,959 
 939,171,416 

Shares
 issuable upon conversion of convertible debts and exercising of warrants were excluded in calculating diluted loss per share 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated audited financial statements 

- 37 - 

 Table of Contents 

Sugarmade,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

 (Audited) 

Preferred
 Stock - Series A 
 Preferred
 Stock - Series B 
 Preferred
 Stock - Series C 
 Common
 stock 
 Additional
 paid- 
 Shares
 to be issued, common 
 Shares
 to be cancelled, preferred 
 Subscription
 Receivable - 
 Common
 Shares 
 Common
 Shares 
 Accumulated
 
 Non
 Controlling 
 Total
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 in
 capital 
 shares 
 shares 
 CS 
 Subscribed 
 Subscribed 
 deficit 
 Interest 
 Equity 

Balance
 at June 30, 2019 
 2,000,000 
 2,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 697,608,570 
 697,610 
 61,038,875 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 29,000 
 (47,088,951 
 - 
 14,678,534 
 
 Share
 issued for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 138,461,538 
 138,462 
 551,817 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 236,008 
 - 
 - 
 
 926,287 
 
 Shares
 issued for conversions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,077,643,486 
 1,077,642 
 971,128 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2,048,770 
 
 Reclass
 derivative liability from conversion 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,819,825 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2,819,825 
 
 Share
 issued for warrant exercises 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 28,381,818 
 28,382 
 (14,249 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 14,133 
 
 Option
 granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 118,750 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 118,750 
 
 Shares
 issued for services compensation 
 - 
 - 
 415,000 
 415 
 - 
 - 
 1,500,000 
 1,500 
 5,945,835 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 5,947,750 
 
 Shares
 issued for offcier s compensation 
 - 
 - 
 1,126,500 
 1,127 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,927,773 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2,928,900 
 
 Shares
 issued for debt settlement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 19,181,818 
 19,182 
 300,273 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (29,000 
 - 
 
 290,455 
 
 Initial
 valuation of BCF 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 449,301 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 449,301 
 
 Shares
 issued/cancelled for Award - Bizright 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (199,500,000 
 (199,500 
 (17,786,542 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 (17,986,042 
 
 Indigo
 Budcars Investment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 169,262 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 169,262 
 
 Changes
 in non-controlling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (184,280 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 184,280 
 - 
 
 Cumulative
 effect of ASU 2016-02 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (10,236 
 - 
 (10,236 
 
 Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (21,339,145 
 (195,416 
 (21,534,561 
 
 Balance
 at June 30, 2020 
 2,000,000 
 2,000 
 1,541,500 
 1,542 
 - 
 - 
 1,763,277,230 
 1,763,278 
 57,307,768 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 236,008 
 - 
 (68,438,332 
 (11,136 
 (9,138,872 
 
 Reclass
 derivative liability to equity from conversion 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,956,142 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,956,142 
 
 Shares
 issued for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,639,600,002 
 2,639,600 
 2,227,400 
 - 
 - 
 (500,000 
 (196,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,171,000 
 
 Shares
 issued for conversions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,451,338,059 
 2,451,338 
 109,033 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,560,371 
 
 Preferred
 stock conversions 
 (2,000,000 
 (2,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 360,647,019 
 360,647 
 141,353 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 500,000 
 
 Reclassification
 due to deconsolidation of VIE 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (169,262 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 35,136 
 (134,126 
 
 Repayment
 of capital to noncontrolling minority 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (24,000 
 (24,000 
 
 Shares
 issued for consulting services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 187,673,367 
 187,673 
 268,221 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 455,894 
 
 Series
 B preferred share cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 (1,000,000 
 (1,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series
 C preferred share issued to officer 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Distributions
 from non-controlling interests in other consoldiated subsidiaires 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 88,736 
 88,736 
 
 Shares
 issued for acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,600,000 
 - 
 - 
 1,849,600 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,449,600 
 
 Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (5,926,134 
 (188,392 
 (6,088,692 
 
 Balance
 at June 30, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 541,500 
 542 
 1 
 - 
 7,402,535,677 
 7,402,536 
 64,841,655 
 5,600,000 
 - 
 (500,000 
 1,889,608 
 - 
 (74,364,466 
 (99,656 
 4,770,218 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated audited financial statements. 

- 38 - 

 Table of Contents 

Sugarmade,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Audited) 

For
 The Year Ended 

June
 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 loss 
 (5,926,134 
 (21,339,146 
 
 Non-controlling
 interest 
 (188,392 
 (195,416 
 
 Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to cash flows from operating activities: 

Excess
 derivative expense 
 414,465 
 449,301 
 
 Loss
 on settlement 
 106,218 
 393,135 
 
 Loss
 on deposits 
 119,000 
 - 
 
 Gain
 on debt forgiveness 
 (96,595 
 590,226 
 
 Gain
 on loss of control of VIE 
 (313,929 
 - 
 
 Return
 on EB5 Investment 
 500,000 
 - 
 
 Amortization
 of debt discount 
 2,617,274 
 3,823,500 
 
 Stock
 based compensation 
 518,394 
 9,225,076 
 
 Change
 in fair value of derivative liability 
 (1,087,485 
 2,109,930 
 
 Change
 in exercise of warrant 
 (58,868 
 119,525 
 
 Depreciation 
 105,982 
 110,032 
 
 Amortization
 of intangible assets 
 2,206 
 1,400 
 
 Impairment
 loss 
 43,800 
 2,066,958 
 
 Unrealized
 gain on securities 
 (1,451,922 
 - 

Changes
 in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 
 (301,081 
 83,628 
 
 Inventory 
 93,020 
 (323,186 
 
 Prepayment,
 deposits and other receivables 
 (594,074 
 403,471 
 
 Other
 assets 
 54,163 
 (30,193 
 
 Other
 payables 
 202,760 
 - 
 
 Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities 
 1,122,211 
 423,199 
 
 Customer
 deposits 
 297,645 
 184,131 
 
 Unearned
 revenue 
 (53,248 
 (8,424 
 
 Right
 of use assets 
 232,374 
 (650,165 
 
 Lease
 liability 
 (232,622 
 674,188 
 
 Investment
 to Indigo Dye 
 (564,819 
 - 
 
 Shares
 to be issued - liabilities 
 (26,000 
 - 
 
 Interest
 Payable 
 160,826 
 (96,046 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 
 (4,314,832 
 (1,984,876 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Purchase
 of fixed assets 
 (69,265 
 (132,494 
 
 Investment
 proceeds from Lemon Glow 
 (274,274 
 - 
 
 Investment
 proceeds from NUG 
 (28,673 
 - 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 (372,210 
 (132,494 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds
 from shares issuance 
 4,171,000 
 690,280 
 
 Contributions
 of capital to noncontrolling minority 
 88,736 
 - 
 
 Distributions
 of capital to noncontrolling minority 
 (24,000 

Loan
 receivable 
 1,365 
 84,168 
 
 Loan
 receivable - related parties 
 38,044 
 (318,535 
 
 Proceeds
 (Repayment) from(to) notes payable, net 
 (345,287 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 (Repayment) from(to) note payable - related parties, net 
 - 
 (2,573 
 
 Proceeds
 from advanced shares issuance 
 - 
 136,000 
 
 Proceeds
 (Repayment) from(to) loans payable, net 
 182,087 
 302,675 
 
 Proceeds
 (Repayment) from(to) loans payable - related parties, net 
 122,401 
 5,943 
 
 Proceeds
 from convertible notes 
 2,174,200 
 1,626,045 
 
 Repayment
 of convertible notes 
 (438,752 
 - 
 
 Reduction
 of cash due to Indigo deconsolidation 
 (326,812 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 5,642,982 
 2,524,003 

Net
 increase in cash 
 955,940 
 406,633 

Cash
 paid during the period for: 

Cash,
 beginning of period 
 441,004 
 34,371 
 
 Cash,
 end of period 
 1,396,944 
 441,004 

Supplemental
 information 

Net
 changes in financial statement amount due to purchase of Lemon Glow: 

Goodwill
 acquired 
 757,648 
 - 
 
 Intangible
 assets acquired 
 10,637,000 
 - 
 
 Property,
 plant and equipment acquired 
 2,348,167 
 - 
 
 Liabilities
 recognized 
 (6,018,943 
 - 
 
 Equity
 issued 
 (7,449,600 
 - 
 
 Net
 realized gains on the transactions 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash paid for acquisition of Lemon Glow 
 274,272 
 - 

Net
 changes in financial statement amount due to purchase of Nug Ave: 

Property,
 plant and equipment acquired 
 32,860 
 - 
 
 Other
 assets acquired 
 5,800 
 - 
 
 Liabilities
 recognized 
 (9,987 
 - 
 
 Net
 realized gains on the transactions 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash paid for acquisition of Nug Ave 
 28,673 
 - 

Supplemental
 disclosure of non-cash financing activities 

Shares
 issued for conversion of convertible debt 
 2,560,371 
 1,959,497 
 
 Reduction
 in derivative liability due to conversion 
 4,956,143 
 2,819,825 
 
 Debt
 discount related to convertible debt 
 2,127,481 
 3,315,037 
 
 Debts
 settled through shares issuance 
 - 
 229,000 
 
 Shares
 issued for award to Bizright 
 - 
 (32,291,060 
 
 Shares
 cancelled for termination of Bizright Acquisition 
 - 
 32,283,910 
 
 Shares
 issued for warrant exercise 
 - 
 28,381 
 
 Reclassification
 from prepaid deposit to BZRTH investment 
 - 
 (883,958 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated audited financial statements 

- 39 - 

 Table of Contents 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1.
Nature of Business 

Sugarmade,
Inc. (hereinafter referred to as we , us or the/our Company is a publicly-traded company incorporated
in the state of Delaware. Our previous legal name was Diversified Opportunities, Inc. Our Company, Sugarmade, Inc. operates much of its
business activities through our subsidiaries, SWC Group, Inc., a California corporation SWC ), NUG Avenue, Inc.,
a California corporation Nug Avenue ), and Lemon Glow Company, Inc., a California corporation Lemon Glow ).
Sugarmade, Inc. was founded in 2010. In 2014, CarryOutSupplies.com was acquired by Sugarmade, Inc., creating the Company as it is today. 

Shares
of our common stock are quoted on the OTC Markets, which is a quotation system for early-stage and developing companies. Our trading
symbol is SGMD . Our corporate website is www.Sugarmade.com. 

As
of the date of this filing, we are involved in several business sectors and business ventures: 

Paper
and paper-based products: The supply of consumable products to the quick-service restaurant sub-sector of the restaurant industry,
and as an importer and distributor of non-medical personal protection equipment to business and consumers, via our CarryOutSupplies.com
subsidiary Carryout Supplies ). Carryout Supplies is a producer and wholesaler of custom printed and generic supplies,
servicing more than 2,000 quick-service restaurants. The primary products are plastic cold cups, paper coffee cups, yogurt cups, ice
cream cups, cup lids, cup sleeves, edible packaging, food containers, soup containers, plastic spoons, and similar products for this
market sector. This subsidiary, which was formed in 2009, was recently expanded to also offer non-medical personal protective equipment. 

NUG
Avenue, Inc. investment into licensed cannabis delivery in Los Angeles area markets. During February 2021, we became a majority owner
of NUG Avenue, Inc., a California corporation NUG Avenue ), which operates a licensed and regulated cannabis delivery service
out of Lynwood, California, serving the greater Los Angeles Metropolitan area (the Lynwood Operations ). The Company currently
owns a majority stake of seventy percent (70 of NUG Avenue s Lynwood Operations and holds first rights of refusal on NUG Avenue s
business expansion relative to the cannabis marketplace. By way of our capital injection made into NUG Avenue and by via our 70 ownership
position, we consolidate and recognize 100 of the revenues and 70 of profits or loss generated by NUG Ave for its Lynwood Operation. 

Cannabis
products delivery service and sales: As a joint owner in the Budcars licensed cannabis delivery service brand Budcars 
or the Budcars Brand ). Budcars operates a licensed cannabis delivery service in the Sacramento, California area. During
early 2020, the Company entered into agreement with Indigo Dye Group Indigo to acquire 40 stake in the Budcars Brand
and in the Sacramento delivery operations. Under the terms of the agreement with Indigo, Sugarmade acquired an option to purchase an
additional 30 interest in Budcars. Upon exercise of this option, the Company would acquire a controlling interest in Indigo. As of June
30, 2021, the option has not yet been exercised and the Company s stake in Budcars was at 40 . Starting on October 1, 2020, the
Company plans to open new locations via purchasing equity in other Brand/Franchises to cover delivery for the entire California. Therefore,
the Company is not likely at this time to exercise its option to acquire the additional 30 interest in Indigo. In addition, the Company
is no longer involved in day-to-day operations of Indigo and going forward, the Company intends to pursue cannabis delivery independent
of Indigo. As of October 1, 2020, the Company ceased to have control over the day-to-day business of Indigo and it was deconsolidated
and recorded as an investment in nonconsolidated affiliate at its 505,449 estimated fair value and changed to equity method of accounting.
Pursuant to the terms of the Indigo agreement, if the Company determines, in its discretion not to continue to make monthly payments,
its 40 ownership interest in Indigo will be decreased according to the payment then made. As of December 31, 2020, the Company made
 59,370 additional payments, and hold approximately 32 of the ownership of Indigo. As of June 30, 2021, the Company recorded equity
method investment in affiliates at 441,407, net with 81,725 loss from equity method investment. (See Note 6 and Note 7) 

Selected
cannabis and hemp projects: On May 12, 2021, SugarMade, Inc. entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, as amended (the Merger
Agreement by and between Lemon Glow Corporation, a California corporation Lemon Glow ), Carnaby Spot Bay Corp,
a California corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub and Ryan Santiago (the Shareholder
Representative ), pursuant to which, on May 25, 2021 and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement,
Merger Sub merged with and into Lemon Glow, with Lemon Glow being the surviving corporation (the Merger ). The principal
asset of Lemon Glow is land and the Company is not an operating company. As a result of the Merger, Lemon Glow became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. 

- 40 - 

 Table of Contents 

2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis
of presentation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America GAAP ). 

Principles
of consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of our Company, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, SWC Group, Inc., a California corporation SWC ), Lemon Glow Company, Inc., a California corporation Lemon Glow ), and its majority owned subsidiary,
NUG Avenue, Inc., a California corporation Nug Avenue ). All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been
eliminated in consolidation. 

Going
concern 

The
Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet
its obligations, in which it has not been successful, and/or obtaining additional financing from its shareholders or other sources, as
may be required. 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. Such assumption contemplates
the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. These consolidated financial statements do
not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts
and classifications of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Management
is endeavoring to increase revenue-generating operations. While priority is on generating cash from operations through the sale of the
Company s products, management is also seeking to raise additional working capital through various financing sources, including
the sale of the Company s equity and/or debt securities, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms to our Company,
or which may not be available at all. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue our business
as desired and our operating results will be adversely affected. In addition, any financing arrangement may have potentially adverse
effects on us and/or our stockholders. Debt financing (if available and undertaken) will increase expenses, must be repaid regardless
of operating results and may involve restrictions limiting our operating flexibility. If we issue equity securities to raise additional
funds, the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders will be reduced, and the new equity securities may have rights, preferences
or privileges senior to those of the current holders of our common stock. 

Business
combinations 

The
Company applies the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board s (the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805, Business Combinations, in accounting for its acquisitions. It requires the Company to recognize separately
from goodwill the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, at the acquisition date fair values. Goodwill as of the acquisition date
is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the acquisition date fair values of the net assets acquired and the liabilities
assumed. The Company used third party valuation company to determine the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding
offset to goodwill. 

- 41 - 

 Table of Contents 

Use
of estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 

Revenue
recognition 

We
recognize revenue in accordance with FASB ASC No. 606, Revenue Recognition. Sugarmade applied a five-step approach in determining
the amount and timing of revenue to be recognized: (1) identifying the contract with a customer, (2) identifying the performance obligations
in the contract, (3) determining the transaction price, (4) allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
and (5) recognizing revenue when the performance obligation is satisfied. 

Substantially
all of the Company s revenue is recognized at the time control of the products transfers to the customer. 

Leases 

In
February 2016, the FASB established Topic 842, Leases, by issuing Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-02,
which requires lessees to recognize the rights and obligations created by leases on the balance sheet and disclose key information about
leasing arrangements. Topic 842 was subsequently amended by ASU No. 2018-11, Targeted Improvements, ASU No. 2018-10, Codification Improvements
to Topic 842, and ASU No. 2018-01, Land Easement Practical Expedient for Transition to Topic 842. The new standard establishes a right-of-use
model (ROU) that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer
than 12 months. Leases will be classified as finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense
recognition in the statement of operations. 

The
new standard became effective April 1, 2019. A modified retrospective transition approach is required, applying the new standard to all
leases existing at the date of initial application. An entity may choose to use either (1) its effective date or (2) the beginning of
the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements as its date of initial application. If an entity chooses the second
option, the transition requirements for existing leases also apply to leases entered into between the date of initial application and
the effective date. The entity must also recast its comparative period financial statements and provide the disclosures required by the
new standard for the comparative periods. The Company adopted the new standard on July 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective transition
approach as of the effective date of the initial application. The new standard provides a number of optional practical expedients in
transition. The Company elected the package of practical expedients , which permits entities not to reassess under the new
lease standard prior conclusions about lease identification, lease classification and initial direct costs. The Company does not expect
to elect the use-of-hindsight or the practical expedient pertaining to land easements. 

The
most significant effects of the adoption of the new standard relate to the recognition of new ROU assets and lease labilities on our
balance sheet for office operating leases and providing significant new disclosures about our leasing activities. 

The
new standard also provides practical expedients for an entity s ongoing accounting. The Company has also elected the short-term
leases recognition exemption for all leases that qualify. This means that the Company will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities,
and this includes not recognizing ROU assets and lease liabilities, for existing short-term leases of those assets in transition. The
Company also currently expects to elect the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components for its leases. All existing
leases are reported under this rule. 

Under
ASC 840, leases were classified as either capital or operating, and the classification significantly impacted the effect the contract
had on the company s financial statements. Capital lease classification resulted in a liability that was recorded on a company s
balance sheet, whereas operating leases did not impact the balance sheet. 

- 42 - 

 Table of Contents 

Property
and equipment 

Property
and equipment is stated at the historical cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation on property and equipment is provided using
the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets for both financial and income tax reporting purposes as follows: 

Machinery
 and equipment 
 3-15
 years 
 
 Furniture
 and equipment 
 7
 years 
 
 Vehicles 
 5
 years 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 
 30
 years 

Expenditures
for renewals and betterments are capitalized while repairs and maintenance costs are normally charged to the statement of operations
in the year in which they are incurred. In situations where it can be clearly demonstrated that the expenditure has resulted in an increase
in the future economic benefits expected to be obtained from the use of the asset, the expenditure is capitalized as an additional cost
of the asset. 

Upon
sale or disposal of an asset, the historical cost and related accumulated depreciation or amortization of such asset were removed from
their respective accounts and any gain or loss is recorded in the statements of income. 

The
Company reviews the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition.
In cases where undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to an
amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by management in performing this assessment
include current operating results, trends and prospects, the manner in which the property is used, and the effects of obsolescence, demand,
competition and other economic factors. Based on this assessment, no impairment expenses for property, plant, and equipment was recorded
in operating expenses during the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived
assets, which include property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 

Recoverability
of long-lived assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted future
cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows,
an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the assets. Fair
value is generally determined using the asset s expected future discounted cash flows or market value, if readily determinable.
Based on its review, there was 43,800 and 2,066,958 impairment loss of its long-lived assets as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Income
taxes 

We
account for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their perspective
tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years
in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change
in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are recorded, when necessary,
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

As
a result of the implementation of certain provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), which clarifies the accounting
and disclosure for uncertainty in tax position, as defined, ASC 740 seeks to reduce the diversity in practice associated with certain
aspect of the recognition and measurement related to accounting for income taxes. 

We
adopted the provisions of ASC 740 as of October 2, 2008 and have analyzed filing positions in each of the federal and state jurisdictions
where we are required to file income tax returns, as well as open tax years in these jurisdictions. We have identified the U.S. federal
and California as our major tax jurisdictions and generally, we remain subject to Internal Revenue Service examination
after our 2013 U.S. federal income tax returns. However, we have certain tax attribute carryforwards, which will remain subject to review
and adjustment by the relevant tax authorities until the statute of limitations closes with respect to the year in which such attributes
are utilized. 

We
believe that our income tax filing positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and do not anticipate any adjustments that will
result in a material change to our financial position. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded pursuant
to ASC 740. In addition, we did not record a cumulative effect adjustment related to the adoption of ASC 740. Our policy for recording
interest and penalties associated with income-based tax audits is to record such items as a component of income taxes. We have
not taken any uncertain positions that would necessitate recording of tax related liability as of June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill
is the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired in business combinations accounted for under
the acquisition method. Intangible assets represent purchased intangible assets including developed technology and in-process research
and development, technologies acquired or licensed from other companies, customer relationships, non-compete covenants, backlog, and
trademarks and tradenames. Purchased finite-lived intangible assets are capitalized and amortized over their estimated useful lives.
Technologies acquired or licensed from other companies, customer relationships, non-compete covenants, backlog, and trademarks and tradenames
are capitalized and amortized over the lesser of the terms of the agreement, or estimated useful life. We capitalize cannabis cultivation
license acquired as part of a business combination. 

- 43 - 

 Table of Contents 

Stock
based compensation 

Stock
based compensation cost to employees is measured at the date of grant, based on the calculated fair value of the stock-based award, and
will be recognized as expense over the employee s requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the award). We estimate
the fair value of employee stock options granted using the Binomial Option Pricing Model. Key assumptions used to estimate the fair value
of stock options will include the exercise price of the award, the fair value of our common stock on the date of grant, the expected
option term, the risk-free interest rate at the date of grant, the expected volatility and the expected annual dividend yield on our
common stock. We use our company s own data among other information to estimate the expected price volatility and the expected
forfeiture rate. Share-based compensation awards issued to non-employees for services rendered are recorded at either the fair value
of the services rendered or the fair value of the share-based payment, whichever is more readily determinable. 

Loss
per share 

We
calculate basic earnings per share EPS by dividing our net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
for the period, without considering common stock equivalents. Diluted BPS is computed by dividing net income or net loss by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding for the period and the weighted average number of dilutive common stock equivalents, such
as options and warrants. Options and warrants are only included in the calculation of diluted EPS when their effect is dilutive. 

Fair
value of financial instruments 

ASC
Topic 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure
of fair value measurement and enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the
transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows: 

Level
1- observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

 Level
2 - include other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace. 

 Level
3 - unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity. 

The
Company used Level 2 inputs for its valuation methodology for the derivative liabilities for conversion feature of the convertible notes
and warrants in determining the fair value using Lattice Binomial model with the following assumption inputs: 

Derivative
instruments 

The
fair value of derivative instruments is recorded and shown separately under liabilities. Changes in the fair value of derivatives liability
are recorded in the consolidated statement of operations under non-operating income (expense). 

Our
Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify
as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially
recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated
statements of operations. For stock-based derivative financial instruments, the Company uses a weighted average Black-Scholes- Merton
option-pricing model to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. The classification of derivative
instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting
period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash
settlement of the derivative instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

- 44 - 

 Table of Contents 

Segment
Reporting 

FASB
ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting , requires use of the management approach model for segment reporting.
The management approach model is based on the way a company s management organizes segments within the Company for making operating
decisions and assessing performance. Reportable segments are based on products and services, geography, legal structure, management structure,
or any other manner in which management disaggregates a company. 

The
Company s financial statements reflect that substantially all of its operations are conducted in three industry segments
 (1) paper and paper-based products such as paper cups, cup lids, food containers, etc., which accounts approx. 44 of
the Company s revenues; (2) Non-medical supplies such as non-medical fascial mask, which accounts approx. 0 of the Company s
total revenues; (3) Cannabis products delivery service and sales, which accounts approx. 56 of the Company s total revenues. 

New
accounting pronouncements 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes . The pronouncement simplifies the
accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles in ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes . The
pronouncement also improves consistent application of and simplifies GAAP for other areas of Topic 740 by clarifying and amending existing
guidance. ASU 2019-12 will be effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, with early adoption permitted. We are still
evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In
January 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-01, Investments - Equity Securities (Topic 321), Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures
(Topic 323), and Derivative and Hedging (Topic 815), which clarifies the interaction of rules for equity securities, the equity method
of accounting, and forward contracts and purchase options on certain types of securities. The guidance clarifies how to account for the
transition into and out of the equity method of accounting when considering observable transactions under the measurement alternative.
The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim reporting periods within those
annual periods, with early adoption permitted. The Company have adopted this ASU on the consolidated financial statements in the year
ended June 30, 2021. The adoption had no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the year ended June 30, 2021.

Prior
period reclassification 

Certain
prior period balance sheet accounts have been reclassified in conformity with current period presentation including reclassification
of 4,000 from derivative liability to warrant liability. The reclassification had no effect to the company s consolidated statement
of operations, statement of cash flow or statement of shareholder s equity. 

3.
Business Combination 

On
May 12, 2021, SugarMade, Inc. entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, as amended (the Merger Agreement by and between
Lemon Glow Corporation, a California corporation Lemon Glow ), Carnaby Spot Bay Corp, a California corporation and a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub and Ryan Santiago (the Shareholder Representative ), pursuant
to which, on May 25, 2021 and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with
and into Lemon Glow, with Lemon Glow being the surviving corporation (the Merger ). As a result of the Merger, Lemon Glow
became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

- 45 - 

 Table of Contents 

Acquisition
Consideration 

The
following table summarizes the fair value of purchase price consideration to acquire Lemon Glow
(In US 000 s): 

Purchase
 Consideration Summary 

In
 US 000 s 
 
 Fair
 Value 

Cash
 Consideration 
 (1) 
 4,256 

Equity
 Consideration 
 (2) 
 7,450 

Interest-Bearing
 Debt Assumed 
 
 2,043 
 
 Total
 Purchase Consideration 
 
 13,749 

Notes: 

(1) 
 The
 cash consideration consists of 280,000 in cash and 3,976,000 in promissory notes with 5 simple interest. 

(2) 
 The
 equity consideration consists of 660,571,429 shares of Common stock and 2,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred stock. 

Purchase
Price Allocation 

The
following is an allocation of purchase price as of the May 25, 2021 acquisition closing date based upon an estimate of the fair value
of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed by the Company in the acquisition (in thousands): 

Allocation
 Summary 

In
 US 000 s 
 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 Assets
 Acquired 
 
 6 
 
 Property,
 Plant Equipment 
 (3) 
 2,348 
 
 Total
 Tangible Asset Allocation 
 
 2,354 

Cannabis
 Cultivation License 
 
 10,637 
 
 Total
 Identifiable Intangible Assets 
 
 10,637 

Assembled
 Workforce 
 
 275 
 
 Goodwill
 (Excluding Assembled Workforce) 
 
 483 
 
 Total
 Economic Goodwill 
 
 758 

Purchase
 Consideration to be Allocated 
 
 13,749 

Notes: 

(3) 
 The
 value of the land is excluded in the calculation of depreciation. 

Assumptions
in the Allocations of Purchase Price 

Management
prepared the purchase price allocations for Lemon Glow relied upon reports of a third party valuation expert to calculate the fair value
of certain acquired assets, which primarily included identifiable intangible assets, and property and equipment. 

Estimates
of fair value require management to make significant estimates and assumptions. The goodwill recognized is attributable primarily to
the acquired workforce, and other benefits that the Company believes will result from integrating the operations of the Lemon Glow with
the operations of Sugarmade. Certain liabilities included in the purchase price allocations are based on management s best estimates
of the amounts to be paid or settled and based on information available at the time the purchase price allocations were prepared. 

- 46 - 

 Table of Contents 

The
fair value of the identified intangible assets acquired from the Lemon Glow was estimated using an income approach. Under the income
approach, an intangible asset s fair value is equal to the present value of future economic benefits to be derived from ownership
of the asset. Indications of value are developed by discounting future net cash flows to their present value at market-based rates of
return. More specifically, the fair value of the cannabis cultivation license was determined using the MPEEM method. MPEEM is an income
approach to fair value measurement attributable to a specific intangible asset being valued from the asset grouping s overall cash-flow
stream. MPEEM isolates the expected future discounted cash-flow stream to its net present value. Significant factors considered in the
calculation of the cannabis cultivation license intangible assets were the risks inherent in the development process, including the likelihood
of government regulation and market acceptance. 

In
connection with the acquisition of Lemon Glow, the Company has assumed certain operating liabilities which are included in the respective
purchase price allocations above. 

Goodwill
recorded in connection with Lemon Glow was approximately 757,648. The Company does not expect to deduct any of the acquired goodwill
for tax purposes. 

Proforma
Combined Financial Information 

The
following table presents unaudited pro forma combined financial information for each of the periods presented, as if the acquisitions
of Lemon Glow had occurred at March 31, 2021 and June 30, 2020: 

Unaudited
Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheets 

 As
of March 31, 2021 

Lemon
 Glow Company 
 Sugarmade
 Inc. 
 Pro
 Forma Merger Adjustment 
 
 Pro
 Forma Combined 
 
 Assets 

Current
 assets: 

Cash 
 18,211 
 269,885 
 280,000 
 a 
 568,096 
 
 Accounts
 receivable, net 
 - 
 75,040 
 - 
 
 75,040 
 
 Inventory,
 net 
 - 
 692,460 
 - 
 
 692,460 
 
 Loan
 receivables, current 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Loan
 receivables - related party, current 
 - 
 208,931 
 - 
 
 208,931 
 
 Other
 current assets 
 - 
 1,066,597 
 - 
 
 1,066,597 
 
 Right
 of use asset, current 
 - 
 237,556 
 - 
 
 237,556 
 
 Total
 current assets 
 18,211 
 2,550,469 
 280,000 
 
 2,848,680 
 
 Noncurrent
 assets: 

Machinery
 and Equipment, net 
 87,645 
 390,189 
 - 
 
 477,834 
 
 Land
 Improvements, net 
 341,681 
 - 
 - 
 
 341,681 
 
 Estate
 Property - Land 
 1,922,376 
 - 
 - 
 
 1,922,376 
 
 Intangible
 asset, net 
 - 
 14,578 
 10,572,600 
 e 
 10,587,178 
 
 Goodwill 

573,000 
 f 
 573,000 
 
 Other
 assets 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Loan
 receivables - related party, noncurrent 
 - 
 196,000 
 - 
 
 196,000 
 
 Right
 of use asset, noncurrent 
 - 
 549,261 
 - 
 
 549,261 
 
 Investment
 to Indigo Dye 
 - 
 564,819 
 - 
 
 564,819 
 
 Total
 noncurrent assets 
 2,351,702 
 1,714,847 
 11,145,600 
 
 15,212,149 
 
 Total
 assets 
 2,369,913 
 4,265,316 
 11,425,600 
 
 18,060,829 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Equity (Deficiency) 

Current
 liabilities: 

Note
 payable due to bank 
 - 
 25,982 
 - 
 
 25,982 
 
 Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities 
 85,157 
 1,753,855 
 - 
 
 1,839,012 
 
 Customer
 deposits 
 400,000 
 660,268 
 - 
 
 1,060,268 
 
 Customer
 overpayment 
 - 
 53,183 
 - 
 
 53,183 
 
 Unearned
 revenue 
 - 
 9,379 
 - 
 
 9,379 
 
 Other
 payables 
 - 
 812,069 
 - 
 
 812,069 
 
 Accrued
 interest 
 3,500 
 515,767 
 - 
 
 519,267 
 
 Accrued
 compensation and personnel related payables 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Notes
 payable - Current 
 - 
 20,000 
 - 
 
 20,000 
 
 Notes
 payable - Related Parties, Current 
 - 
 15,427 
 - 
 
 15,427 
 
 Lease
 liability - Current 
 - 
 231,305 
 - 
 
 231,305 
 
 Loans
 payable - Current 
 113,891 
 350,221 
 - 
 
 464,112 
 
 Loan
 payable - Related Parties, Current 
 - 
 238,150 
 - 
 
 238,150 
 
 Convertible
 notes payable, Net, Current 
 - 
 1,982,902 
 - 
 
 1,982,902 
 
 Derivative
 liabilities, net 
 - 
 2,723,899 
 - 
 
 2,723,899 
 
 Due
 to related parties 
 4,244 
 - 
 - 
 
 4,244 
 
 Warrants
 liabilities 
 - 
 24,216 
 - 
 
 24,216 
 
 Shares
 to be issued 
 - 
 136,577 
 - 
 
 136,577 
 
 Total
 curent liabilities 
 606,792 
 9,553,200 
 - 
 
 10,159,992 
 
 Non-current
 liabilities: 

Note
 Payable 
 1,381,593 
 - 
 3,976,000 
 b 
 5,357,593 
 
 Loans
 payable 
 54,408 
 366,495 
 - 
 
 420,903 
 
 Lease
 liability 
 - 
 591,116 
 - 
 
 591,116 
 
 Total
 liabilities 
 2,042,793 
 10,510,811 
 3,976,000 
 
 16,529,604 

Stockholders 
 equity (deficiency): 

Preferred
 stock, 0.001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized 1,541,500 shares issued outstanding at March 31, 2021 
 
 1,542 
 5,600 
 d 
 7,142 
 
 Common
 stock, 0.001 par value, 10,000,000,000 shares authorized, 4,718,104,197 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2021 
 394,773 
 4,718,105 
 660,571 
 c 
 5,773,449 
 
 Additional
 paid-in capital 
 
 63,095,927 
 6,783,429 
 cd 
 69,879,356 
 
 Share
 to be issued, Preferred stock 
 
 (1 

(1 
 
 Common
 Stock Subscribed 
 
 236,008 

236,008 
 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 (67,653 
 (74,350,923 
 - 
 
 (74,418,576 
 
 Total
 stockholders deficiency 
 327,120 
 (6,299,342 
 7,449,600 
 
 1,477,378 
 
 Non-Controlling
 Interest 
 - 
 53,847 
 - 
 
 53,847 
 
 Total
 stockholders equity (deficiency) 
 327,120 
 (6,245,495 
 7,449,600 
 
 1,531,225 
 
 Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity (deficiency) 
 2,369,913 
 4,265,316 
 11,425,600 
 
 18,060,829 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 

- 47 - 

 Table of Contents 

Unaudited
Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of Operations 

 For
the Nine Months Ended March 31, 2021 

Lemon
 Glow 
 Company 
 Sugarmade 
 Inc. 
 Pro
 Forma 
 Merger 
 Adjustment 
 Pro
 Forma 
 Combined 
 
 Revenues,
 net 
 - 
 2,851,822 
 - 
 2,851,822 
 
 Cost
 of goods sold 
 - 
 1,502,247 
 - 
 1,502,247 
 
 Gross
 profit 
 - 
 1,349,575 
 - 
 1,349,575 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 
 11,256 
 1,446,038 
 - 
 1,457,294 
 
 Advertising
 and Promotion Expense 
 - 
 378,068 
 - 
 378,068 
 
 Marketing
 and Research Expense 
 - 
 364,580 
 - 
 364,580 
 
 Professional
 Expense 
 4,136 
 756,444 
 - 
 760,580 
 
 Salaries
 and Wages 
 7,080 
 368,616 
 - 
 375,696 
 
 Stock
 Compensation Expense 
 - 
 82,250 
 - 
 82,250 
 
 Loss
 from operations 
 (22,472 
 (2,046,421 
 - 
 (2,068,893 

Non-operating
 income (expense): 

Other
 income 
 - 
 5,099 
 - 
 5,099 
 
 Gain
 in loss of control of VIE 
 - 
 313,928 
 - 
 313,928 
 
 Interest
 expense 
 (45,181 
 (1,920,660 
 - 
 (1,965,841 
 
 Bad
 debts 
 - 
 (133,235 
 - 
 (133,235 
 
 Change
 in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 - 
 506,559 
 - 
 506,559 
 
 Warrant
 Expense 
 - 
 55,695 
 - 
 55,695 
 
 Loss
 on notes conversion 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss
 on settlement 
 - 
 (80,000 
 - 
 (80,000 
 
 Gain
 on asset disposal 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Amortization
 of debt discount 
 - 
 (2,605,144 
 - 
 (2,605,144 
 
 Debt
 forgiveness 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other
 expenses 
 - 
 (55,054 
 - 
 (55,054 
 
 Total
 non-operating expenses, net 
 (45,181 
 (3,912,812 
 - 
 (3,957,993 
 
 Equity
 Method Investment Loss 
 - 
 (2,114 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 (67,653 
 (5,961,347 
 - 

Less:
 net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest 
 - 
 (48,756 
 - 
 (48,756 
 
 Net
 loss attributable to SugarMade Inc. 
 (67,653 
 (5,912,591 
 - 
 (48,756 

Basic
 net income (loss) per share 
 - 
 (0.00 
 - 
 (0.00 
 
 Diluted
 net income (loss) per share 
 - 
 (0.00 
 - 
 (0.00 

Basic
 and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 0 
 3,247,070,176 
 0 
 3,247,070,176 

Shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debts and exercising of warrants were excluded in calculating diluted loss per share 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 

- 48 - 

 Table of Contents 

Unaudited
Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of Operations 

 As
of June 30, 2020 

Lemon
 Glow Company 
 Sugarmade 
 Inc. 
 Pro
 Forma 
 Merger 
 Adjustment 
 Pro
 Forma 
 Combined 

Revenues,
 net 
 - 
 4,354,102 
 - 
 4,354,102 

Cost
 of goods sold 
 - 
 2,851,940 
 - 
 2,851,940 

Gross
 profit 
 - 
 1,502,162 
 - 
 1,502,161.64 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 
 - 
 13,620,529 
 - 
 13,620,529 

Loss
 from operations 
 - 
 (12,118,367 
 - 
 (12,118,367 

Non-operating
 income (expense): 

Other
 income 
 - 
 3,064 
 - 
 3,064 
 
 Interest
 expense 
 - 
 (1,613,044 
 - 
 (1,613,044 
 
 Bad
 debts 
 - 
 (240,157 
 - 
 (240,157 
 
 Change
 in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 - 
 (1,442,295 
 - 
 (1,442,295 
 
 Warrant
 Expense 
 - 
 (119,526 
 - 
 (119,526 
 
 Gain
 on debt conversion 
 - 
 (184,626 
 - 
 (184,626 
 
 Loss
 on settlement 
 - 
 (393,135 
 - 
 (393,135 
 
 Loss
 on asset disposal 
 - 
 (119,044 
 - 
 (119,044 
 
 Amortization
 of debt discount 
 - 
 (3,823,500 
 - 
 (3,823,500 
 
 Debt
 forgiveness 
 - 
 590,226 
 - 
 590,226 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 - 
 (7,201 
 - 
 (7,201 
 
 Impairment
 Loss 
 - 
 (2,066,958 
 - 
 (2,066,958 
 
 Other
 expenses 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total
 non-operating expenses, net 
 - 
 (9,416,195 
 - 
 (9,416,195 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 (21,534,562 
 - 
 (21,534,562 

Less:
 net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest 
 - 
 (195,416 
 - 
 (195,416 

Net
 loss attributable to SugarMade Inc. 
 - 
 (21,339,146 
 - 
 (21,339,146 

Basic
 net income (loss) per share 
 - 
 (0.02 
 - 
 (0.02 
 
 Diluted
 net income (loss) per share 
 - 
 (0.02 
 - 
 (0.02 

Basic
 and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 0 
 958,183,933 
 0 
 958,183,933 

Shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debts and exercising of warrants were excluded in calculating diluted loss per share 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 

The
pro forma combined financial information is presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the consolidated
results of operations of the consolidated business had the acquisitions actually occurred at the beginning of fiscal year 2020 or of
the results of future operations of the consolidated business. The unaudited pro forma financial information does not reflect any operating
efficiencies and cost saving that may be realized from the integration of the acquisitions in the Company s consolidated statements
of operations. 

- 49 - 

 Table of Contents 

4.
Concentration 

Customer 

For
the year ended June 30, 2021, our Company earned net revenues of 3,979,049. The company have the following concentration of revenue
with customer that represent over 10 of overall revenue. The highest revenue from (1) customer accounted for 11.6 as percentage of
overall revenue for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2020, our Company earned net revenues of 4,362,585. The company does not have any concentration of revenue with
any customer that represent over 10 of overall revenue. The highest revenue from (2) customers accounted for 5.90 and 5.1 respectively,
as percentage of overall revenue for the year ended June 30, 2020. 

Suppliers 

For
the year ended June 30, 2021, we purchased products for sale by the company s subsidiaries from several contract manufacturers
located in Asia and the U.S. A substantial portion of the Company s inventory is purchased from two (2) suppliers. The two (2)
suppliers accounted as follows: Two suppliers accounted for 33.2 and 19.40 , respectively, of the Company s total inventory
purchase for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2020, we purchased products for sale by the company s subsidiaries from several contract manufacturers
located in Asia and the U.S. A substantial portion of the Company s inventory is purchased from two (2) suppliers. The two (2)
suppliers accounted as follows: Two suppliers accounted for 25.5 and 16.20 , respectively, of the Company s total inventory
purchase for the year ended June 30, 2020. 

Concentration
of risk 

The
Company sold non-medical facial mask during the year ended June 30, 2020, which accounts approx. 25 of the total revenue of the
Company for the year ended June 30, 2020. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company wrote off all the non-medical facial mask
inventories because of the demand of non-medical facial mask is declining, the masks are not selling at a profitable price. 

Segment
reporting information 

A
reconciliation of the Company s segment operating income to the Consolidated Statements of Operations for June 30, 2021 and 2020
is as follows: 

Segment
 operating income 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Paper
 and paper based products 
 1,748,700 
 1,832,286 
 
 Licensed
 cannabis delivery 
 2,230,349 
 1,439,653 
 
 Non-medical
 supplies 
 - 
 1,090,646 
 
 Total
 operating income 
 3,979,049 
 4,362,585 

5.
Equity Transaction Exclusive License Rights 

During
December 2017, the Company entered into a master marketing agreement with BizRight, LLC, a leading marketer and manufacturer of hydroponic
growth supplies, which offers a range of hydroponics-related products including: HPS grow lights, electronic ballasts, HPS Bulbs, nutrient
mixes, environmental control products, pH measurement and calibration solutions and other grow and storage products. BizRight operates
the ZenHydro.com website and other e-commerce properties, and sells various products to distributors and retailers. On April 11, 2018,
the same rights under the master marketing agreement were assigned to BZRTH Inc. On February 5, 2019, the Company exercised its option
to acquire BZRTH and the transaction closed on October 30, 2019. On January 15, 2020, the Company entered into a Rescission and Mutual
Release Agreement Agreement with each of the parties agreeing to rescind the transaction and return all consideration
exchanged pursuant to the Stock Exchange Agreement. 

- 50 - 

 Table of Contents 

6.
VIE 

On
February 7, 2020, the Company entered into a share sale and purchase agreement (the Indigo Agreement with Indigo Dye Group
Corp. Indigo ), a corporation located in Sacramento, California. Indigo carries on business as a cannabis seller and delivery
business under the name BudCars. The major Cannabis Products include Flower, Edibles, Vape Cartridges, Pre-Rolls, Concentrates,
etc. All the products are finished goods. In addition, Indigo is operating a non-store front retail delivery business (Type-9 License#
C9-0000286) in California. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Indigo Agreement, the Company agreed to invest 700,000 (the Investment into Indigo for inventory,
equipment, and marketing expenses. The Investment shall be made in twelve monthly equal installments of 58,333 with the acceleration
of the payment schedule possible depending on business growth, cash flow needs and capital availability. 

In
exchange, the Company received 40 of Indigo s issued shares upon execution of the final agreement. The value used for this transaction
is 1,750,000 and each percentage (1 of the company is worth 17,500. In the event that the Company is not able to make a payment of
 58,333 in any month, it will have 90 days to cure the default. On the 91st day the investment plan will cease and the amount of invested
capital will be calculated based on an enterprise value of 1,750,000 or 17,500 per 1 of owned equity. 

In
addition, subject to the terms and conditions of the Indigo Agreement, the Company has the option to acquire an additional 30 interest
in Indigo. Upon exercise of the option, the Company would obtain control over Indigo. 

From
late May 2020 until September 30, 2020, the Company was actively involved in development of Indigo s operations with power to direct
the activities and significantly impact Indigo s economic performance. The Company also has obligations to absorb losses and right
to receive benefits from Indigo. As such, in accordance with ASC 810-10-25-38A through 25-38J, Indigo is consolidated as an VIE of the
Company. 

Starting
on October 1, 2020, the Company began to explore new locations via purchasing equity into other Brand/Franchises to cover delivery
for the entire state of California. Therefore, the Company is not likely to proceed with the option to acquire the
additional 30 interest in Indigo at this time. In addition, the Company is no longer involved in day-to-day operations
and the Company will be pursuing cannabis delivery moving forward, independently from Indigo Dye Group. As of June 30, 2021, the Company
continues to hold approximately 32 of the ownership of Indigo but ceased to have a controlling interest in the partnership and it was
deconsolidated and recorded as an investment in nonconsolidated affiliate at its 564,819 estimated fair value and changed to equity
method of accounting. See footnote #7 Non-controlling interest and deconsolidation of VIE for details. 

7.
 Non-controlling Interest and Deconsolidation of VIE 

Starting
in fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, the Company had a variable interest entity, Indigo Dye Group, for accounting purposes. The Company
owned approximately 29 of Indigo s outstanding equity and as of September 30, 2020, involved its day-to-day operations, which
gave the Company the power to direct the activities of Indigo that most significantly impact its economic performance. Accordingly, the
Company recognized the carrying value of the non-controlling interest as a component of total shareholders equity, and the consolidated
financial statements included the financial position and results of operations of Indigo as of and for the periods ended June 30, 2020
and September 30, 2020. 

Starting
on October 1, 2020, the Company plans to open new locations via purchasing equity in other Brand/Franchises to cover delivery for the
entire California. Therefore, the Company is not likely at this time to exercise its option to acquire the additional 30 interest in
Indigo. In addition, the Company is no longer involved in day-to-day operations of Indigo and going forward, the Company intends to pursue
cannabis delivery independent from Indigo. As of October 1, 2020, the Company ceased to have control over the day-to-day business of
Indigo and it was deconsolidated and recorded as an investment in nonconsolidated affiliate at its 505,449 estimated fair value and
changed to equity method of accounting. Pursuant to the terms of the Indigo agreement, if the Company determines, in its discretion not
to continue to make monthly payments, its 40 ownership interest in Indigo will be decreased according to the payment then made. As of
December 31, 2021, the Company made 59,370 in additional payments, and holds approximately 32 of the ownership of Indigo.
(See Note 6) 

The
net asset value of the Company s variable interest in Indigo Dye Group was approximately 326,812 as of October 1, 2020, the date
of deconsolidation. The value of the Company s variable interest on the date of deconsolidation was based on management s
estimate of the fair value of Indigo at that time. The Company concluded that the market approach was the most appropriate method to
determine the fair value of the entity on the date of deconsolidation, given that Indigo raised equity funding from third-party investors
around the same period (i.e., level 2 inputs). The Company recognized a gain on deconsolidation of approximately 313,928 with no related
tax impact, which is included in other income, net on the consolidated statement of operations. As the Company is not obligated to fund
future losses of Indigo, the carrying amount is the Company s maximum risk of loss and accounted as equity method investment in
affiliates in our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2021. As of June 30, 2021, the Company recorded
equity method investment in affiliates at 441,407, net with 81,725 loss from equity method investment. 

- 51 - 

 Table of Contents 

8.
Litigation 

From
time to time and in the course of business, we may become involved in various legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief.
The amount of the ultimate liability, if any, from such claims cannot be determined. As of June 30, 2021, there were no legal claims
pending or threatened against the Company that, in the opinion of our management would be likely to have a material adverse effect
on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, as of the date of this filing, we were involved in the following
legal proceedings. 

On
 December 11, 2013, the Company was served with a complaint from two convertible note holders and investors in the Company. On February
 21, 2017, the Company signed a settlement agreement with the plaintiffs in the matter of Hannan vs. Sugarmade. Under the terms of
 the settlement agreement, the company agreed to pay the plaintiffs 227,000 to settle all claims against the Company, which included
 the payoff of two notes outstanding. The parties had estimated the value of the notes at approximately 80,000. As of June 30, 2020,
 third parties had purchased two (2) notes of approximately 80,000. As of June 30, 2021, there remains a balance, plus accrued
 interest on the 227,000 and on the 80,000 due under the notes. 

There
can be no assurances the ultimate liability relative to these lawsuits will not exceed what is outlined above. 

9.
Cash 

Cash
and cash equivalents consist of amounts held as bank deposits and highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity
of three months or less. 

From
time to time, we may maintain bank balances in interest bearing accounts in excess of the 250,000 currently insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation for interest bearing accounts (there is currently no insurance limit for deposits in noninterest bearing accounts).
We have not experienced any losses with respect to cash. Management believes our Company is not exposed to any significant credit risk
with respect to its cash. 

10.
Accounts Receivable 

Accounts
receivable are carried at their estimated collectible amounts, net of any estimated allowances for doubtful accounts. We grant unsecured
credit to our customer s deemed credit worthy. Ongoing credit evaluations are performed and potential credit losses estimated by
management are charged to operations on a regular basis. At the time, any particular account receivable is deemed uncollectible, the
balance is charged to the allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company had accounts receivable, net of allowance, of 435,598 and 134,517
as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively; and allowance for doubtful accounts of 259,761 and 447,498 as of June 30, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. 

11.
Loan Receivable 

Loan
receivables amounted 196,000 0 current and 196,000 noncurrent) and 1,365 1,365 current and 0 noncurrent) as of June 30, 2021
and 2020, respectively. Loan receivables are mainly advanced payments to the other companies. 

12.
Loan Receivable Related Parties 

Loan
receivables related parties amounted to 0 and 318,535 122,535 current and 196,000 noncurrent) as of June 30, 2021
and June 30, 2020, respectively. Loan receivables related parties are mainly advanced payments to the related party companies
for business expense. 

- 52 - 

 Table of Contents 

13.
Inventory 

Inventory
consists of finished goods paper and paper-based products such as paper cups and food containers ready for sale and is stated at the
lower of cost or market. We value our inventory using the weighted average costing method. Our Company s policy is to include as
a part of inventory any freight incurred to ship the product from our contract manufacturers to our warehouses. Outbound freights costs
related to shipping costs to our customers are considered period costs and reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses.
We regularly review inventory and consider forecasts of future demand, market conditions and product obsolescence. 

If
the estimated realizable value of our inventory is less than cost, we make provisions in order to reduce its carrying value to its estimated
market value. On a consolidated basis, as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the balance for the inventory totaled 441,582 and 679,471, respectively.
 0 was reserved for obsolescent inventory for the year ended June 30, 2021, and 15,445 were reserved for obsolescent inventory
for the year ended June 30, 2020. 

14.
Other Current Assets 

As
of June 30, 2021 and 2020, other current assets consisted of the following: 

For
 the years ended June 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Prepaid
 Deposit 
 113,988 
 48,483 
 
 Prepaid
 Inventory 
 
 65,449 
 
 Employees
 Advance 
 
 324 
 
 Prepaid
 Expenses 
 35,590 
 35,157 
 
 Others 
 32,879 
 113,991 
 
 Total 
 182,457 
 263,404 

15.
Intangible Asset 

On
April 1, 2017, the Company entered into a distribution and intellectual property assignment agreement with Wagner Bartosch, Inc. Wagner for use of their Divider used in frozen desserts and other related uses. In lieu of cash payment under the agreement, the
Company was obliged to issue common shares of the Company valued at 75,000 for acquiring the use right of the distribution and intellectual
property. The Company amortized this use right as intangible asset over ten years, and recorded 1,400 and 1,400 amortization
expense for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

On
May 17, 2021, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement by and between Carnaby Spot
Bay Corp, a California corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), Lemon Glow Company, a California
corporation (the Lemon Glow and Ryan Santiago (the Shareholder Representative ), pursuant to which, upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub would merge with and into Lemon Glow, with Lemon
Glow being the surviving corporation (the Merger ). The Company valued the cannabis cultivation license from Lemon
Glow at 10,637,000 with remaining economic life of 9 years as of June 30, 2021. The intangible assets have not started to amortize
as of June 30, 2021. 

16.
Goodwill 

Goodwill
arises from the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations and represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair
value of the net assets and other identifiable intangible assets acquired. The fair values of net tangible assets and intangible assets
acquired are based upon preliminary valuations and the Company s estimates and assumptions are subject to change within the measurement
period. There was 757,648 and 0 of goodwill recorded as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

- 53 - 

 Table of Contents 

17.
Property, Plant and Equipment 

As
of June 30, 2021 and 2020, property, plant and equipment consisted of the following: 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 
 
 Office
 and equipment 
 820,149 
 739,447 
 
 Motor
 vehicles 
 166,079 
 164,244 
 
 Land 
 1,922,376 

Leasehold
 Improvement 
 365,620 
 24,742 
 
 Total 
 3,274,224 
 928,163 
 
 Less:
 accumulated depreciation 
 (524,884 
 (429,116 
 
 Plant
 and Equipment, net 
 2,749,340 
 499,047 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, depreciation expenses amounted to 105,982 and 110,032, respectively. 

The
Company reviews the carrying value of property and equipment for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of an asset may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition.
In cases where undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to an
amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by management in performing this assessment
include current operating results, trends and prospects, the manner in which the property is used, and the effects of obsolescence, demand,
competition and other economic factors. Based on this assessment, no impairment expenses for property, plant, and equipment was recorded
in operating expenses during the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

18.
Equity Method Investments in Affiliates 

Investment
to Indigo Dye Inc. 

For
the fiscal syear ended June 30, 2020, the Company accounted for its investment in Indigo Dye Group as a variable interest entity.
The Company owned approximately 29 of Indigo s outstanding equity and as of September 30, 2020, involved its day-to-day operations,
which gave the Company the power to direct the activities of Indigo that most significantly impact its economic performance. Accordingly,
the Company recognized the carrying value of the non-controlling interest as a component of total shareholders equity, and the
consolidated financial statements included the financial position and results of operations of Indigo as of and for the periods ended
June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020. 

During
quarter ended December 31, 2020, the Company plans to open new locations via purchasing equity in other Brand/Franchises to cover delivery
for the entire California. Therefore, the Company is not likely at this time to exercise its option to acquire the additional 30 interest
in Indigo. In addition, the Company is no longer involved in day-to-day operations of Indigo and going forward, the Company intends to
pursue cannabis delivery independent from Indigo. As of October 1, 2020, the Company ceased to have control over the day-to-day business
of Indigo and it was deconsolidated and recorded as an investment in nonconsolidated affiliate at its 564,819 estimated fair value and
changed to equity method of accounting. Pursuant to the terms of the Indigo agreement, if the Company determines, in its discretion not
to continue to make monthly payments, its 40 ownership interest in Indigo will be decreased according to the payment then made. As of
June 30, 2021, the Company did not receive any distributions nor dividends from Indigo Dye. In addition, the Company impaired 43,800
of the investment as of December 31, 2020 due to lack of providing financial information from Indigo Dye Inc. As of June 30, 2021, the
Company still held approximately 32 of the ownership of Indigo Dye Group. 

As
of June 30, 2021, the Company recorded equity method investment in affiliates at 441,407, net with 81,725 loss from equity method
investment. 

19.
Unrealized Gain on Securities 

In
October 2019, the Company entered into a share exchange agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement with iPower Inc., formerly
known as BZRTH Inc. (the Company ), a Nevada corporation, pursuant to which, among other things, the Company agreed to buy
100 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of iPower Inc. in exchange for 870,000 in cash, 7,130,000 under a promissory note,
up to 650,000 shares of Sugarmade s common stock, and up to 3,500,000 shares of Sugarmade s Series B preferred stock. 

- 54 - 

 Table of Contents 

Due
to certain disputes that arose between the parties with respect to certain terms and conditions contained in the Share Exchange Agreement,
the parties entered into a Rescission and Mutual Release Agreement on January 15, 2020 (the Rescission Agreement ). Pursuant
to the terms of the Rescission Agreement, iPower Inc. and its stockholders returned the shares of Sugarmade common stock and preferred
stock and issued to Sugarmade 102,248 (204,496 post forward split) shares of the Company s common stock valued at current market
value of 1,451,922 as of June 30, 2021. The shares are free trading. 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, unrealized gain on securities amounted at current market value of 1,451,922 and 0, respectively. 

20.
Unearned Revenue 

Unearned
revenue amounted 0 and 53,248 as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Unearned revenues are mainly due to contracts with extended
payment terms, acceptance provisions and future delivery obligation. 

21.
Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities 

Accounts
payable and accrued liabilities amounted 2,058,839 and 1,583,228 as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Accounts payables
are mainly payables to vendors and accrued liabilities are mainly accrued interest of convertible notes payables and accrued contingent
liabilities (see item 3. legal proceeding). 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 
 
 Accounts
 payable 
 1,464,692 
 1,330,939 
 
 Accrued
 liabilities 
 310,528 
 25,289 
 
 Contingent
 liabilities 
 283,619 
 227,000 
 
 Total
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities: 
 2,058,839 
 1,583,228 

22.
Other Payables 

Other
payables amounted 750,485 and 691,801 as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Other payables are mainly credit card payables.
As of June 30, 2021, the Company had 8 credit cards, one American Express is a charge card with no limit and zero interest. The remaining
7 cards had total credit limit of 85,000, and APR from 11.24 to 29.99 . 

23.
Customer Deposits 

Customer
deposits amounted 751,919 and 466,337 as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Customer deposits are mainly advanced payments from
customers. 

- 55 - 

 Table of Contents 

24.
Convertible Notes 

As
of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, the balance owing on convertible notes, net of debt discount, with terms as described below was 1,439,116
and 1,740,122, respectively. 

Convertible
notes issued prior to the year ended June 30, 2020 were as follows: 

Convertible
note 1: On August 24, 2012, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for 25,000. The note
has a term of six (6) months with an interest rate of 10 and is convertible to common shares at a 25 discount of the average of 30
days prior to the conversion date. As of June 30, 2021, the note is in default. 

Convertible
note 2: On September 18, 2012, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for 25,000. The note
has a term of six (6) months with an interest rate of 10 and is convertible to common shares at a 25 discount of the average of 30
days prior to the conversion date. As of June 30, 2021, the note is in default. 

Convertible
note 3: On December 21, 2012, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for 100,000. The note
has a term of six (6) months with an interest rate of 10 and is convertible to common shares at a 25 discount of the average of 30
days prior to the conversion date. As of June 30, 2021, the note is in default. 

Convertible
note 4: On November 1, 2018, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for 100,000. The note
has a term of one year with an interest rate of 8 and is convertible to common shares at a fixed conversion price of 0.07. As of June
30, 2021, the note has been fully repaid by cash. 

Convertible
note 5: On November 16, 2018, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for 80,000. The note
has a term of one year with an interest rate of 8 and is convertible to common shares at a fixed conversion price of 0.07. As of June
30, 2021, the note has been fully repaid by cash. 

Convertible
note 6: On November 16, 2018, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for 40,000. The note
has a term of one year with an interest rate of 8 and is convertible to common shares at a fixed conversion price of 0.07. As of June
30, 2021, the note is in default. 

Convertible
note 7: On December 3, 2018, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for 35,000. The note
has a term of one year with an interest rate of 8 and is convertible to common shares at a fixed conversion price of 0.07. As of June
30, 2021, the note is in default. 

Convertible
note 8: On September 27, 2019, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 165,000
(includes 16,250 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the
note is 55 of the lowest closing bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of June 30, 2021, the note
has been fully converted. 

Convertible
note 9: On October 28, 2019, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 225,500
(includes 23,000 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the
note is 60 of the lowest closing bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of June 30, 2021, the note
has been fully converted. 

Convertible
note 10: On October 28, 2019, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 225,500
(includes 23,000 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the
note is 60 of the lowest closing bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of June 30, 2021, the note
has been fully converted. 

Convertible
note 11: On November 29, 2019, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 106,150
(includes 11,150 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the
note is 60 of the lowest closing bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of June 30, 2021, the note
has been fully converted. 

- 56 - 

 Table of Contents 

Convertible
note 12: On November 29, 2019, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 106,150
(includes 11,150 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the
note is 60 of the lowest closing bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of June 30, 2021, the note
has been fully converted. 

Convertible
note 13: On December 10, 2019, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 106,700
(includes 11,700 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the
note is 60 of the lowest closing bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of June 30, 2021, the note
has been fully converted. 

Convertible
note 14: On December 10, 2019, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 106,700
(includes 11,700 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the
note is 60 of the lowest closing bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of June 30, 2021, the note
has been fully converted. 

Convertible
note 15: On December 27, 2019, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 112,200
(includes 12,200 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the
note is 60 of the lowest closing bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of June 30, 2021, the note
has been fully converted. 

Convertible
note 16: On October 31, 2019, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 139,301.
The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the note is 0.008 per share.
As of June 30, 2021, the note was in default. 

Convertible
note 17: On November 1, 2019, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 100,000.
The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the note is 0.008 per share.
As of June 30, 2021, the note was in default. 

Convertible
note 18: On January 3, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 112,200
(includes 12,200 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the
note is 60 of the lowest closing bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of June 30, 2021, the note
has been fully converted. 

Convertible
note 19: On January 14, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 150,000
(includes 3,000 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the
note is 38 discount to average of three lowest closing prices for the 10 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of
June 30, 2021, the note has been fully repaid by cash. 

Convertible
note 20: On January 22, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 128,000
(includes 3,000 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 10 . The conversion price for the
note is 35 discount to average of two lowest closing prices for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of
June 30, 2021, the note has been fully repaid by cash. 

Convertible
note 21: On February 4, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 110,000
(includes 10,000 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 12 . The conversion price for
the note is 0.001 per share. As of June 30, 2021, the note has been fully repaid by cash. 

Convertible
note 22: On February 18, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 100,000
(includes 10,000 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 12 . The conversion price for
the note is 0.001 per share. As of June 30, 2021, the note has been fully converted. 

Convertible
note 23: On March 5, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 125,000
(includes 3,000 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the
note is 38 discount to average of three lowest closing prices for the 10 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of
June 30, 2021, the note has been fully converted. 

- 57 - 

 Table of Contents 

Convertible
note 24: On April 24, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 75,000
(includes 2,000 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the
note is 38 discount to average of three lowest closing prices for the 10 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of
June 30, 2021, the note has been fully converted. 

Convertible
note 25: On June 10, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 36,300
(includes 3,300 OID and 3,000 legal expense). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The
conversion price for the note is 60 of the lowest closing bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of
June 30, 2021, the note has been fully converted. 

Convertible
note 26: On June 18, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 36,300
(includes 3,300 OID and 3,000 legal expense). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The
conversion price for the note is 60 of the lowest closing bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of
June 30, 2021, the note has been fully converted. 

Convertible
notes issued prior to the year ended June 30, 2021 were as follows: 

Convertible
note 27: On July 6, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 77,000
(includes 2,000 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the
note is 38 discount to average of three lowest trading prices for the 10 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of
June 30, 2021, the note has been fully converted. 

Convertible
note 28: On July 7, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 153,000
(includes 3,000 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 10 . The conversion price for the
note is 35 discount to average of two lowest trading prices for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of
June 30, 2021, the note has been fully repaid by cash. 

Convertible
note 29: On July 16, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 260,700
(includes 23,700 OID and 12,000 legal expense). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 .
The conversion price for the note is 60 of the lowest trading bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date.
As of June 30, 2021, the note has been fully converted. 

Convertible
note 30: On July 21, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 200,200
(includes 18,200 OID and 7,000 legal expense). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The
conversion price for the note is 60 of the lowest trading bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. As of
June 30, 2021, the note has been fully converted. 

Convertible
note 31: On September 8, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 110,000
(includes 10,000 OID). The note is due 180 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 12 . The conversion price for
the note is 0.01 per share. After the six-month anniversary of this note, the conversion price shall be equal to the lower of the fixed
price of 0.01 or 65 of the lowest trading price of the common stock for the 20 prior trading days including the day upon which a conversion
notice is received by the Company or its transfer agent. As of June 30, 2021, the note was in default. 

Convertible
note 32: On September 10, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 227,700
(includes 20,700 OID and 7,000 legal expense). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The
conversion price for the note is 60 of the lowest trading bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the note holder converted 117,700 of the principal amount plus 7,352 accrued interest expense into 90,167,551
shares of the Company s common stock. As of June 30, 2021, the remaining balance of the note was 110,000. 

Convertible
note 33: On September 24, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 212,300
(includes 19,300 OID). The note is due 180 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 12 . The conversion price for
the note is 0.01 per share. After the six-month anniversary of this note, the conversion price shall be equal to the lower of the fixed
price of 0.01 or 65 of the lowest trading price of the common stock for the 20 prior trading days including the day upon which a conversion
notice is received by the Company or its transfer agent. 

Convertible
note 34: On October 8, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 231,000
(includes 21,000 OID). The note is due 180 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 12 . The conversion price for
the note is 0.01 per share. After the six-month anniversary of this note, the conversion price shall be equal to the lower of the fixed
price of 0.01 or 65 of the lowest trading price of the common stock for the 20 prior trading days including the day upon which a conversion
notice is received by the Company or its transfer agent. 

- 58 - 

 Table of Contents 

Convertible
note 35: On October 13, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 275,000
(includes 25,000 OID). The note is due 180 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 12 . The conversion price for
the note is 0.01 per share. After the six-month anniversary of this note, the conversion price shall be equal to the lower of the fixed
price of 0.01 or 65 of the lowest trading price of the common stock for the 20 prior trading days including the day upon which a conversion
notice is received by the Company or its transfer agent. 

Convertible
note 36: On November 10, 2020, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 58,300
(includes 5,300 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the
note is 60 of the lowest trading bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. 

Convertible
note 37: On February 8, 2021, the Company entered a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 69,300
(includes 6,300 OID). The note is due 360 days after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 . The conversion price for the
note is 60 of the lowest trading bid for the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. 

On
June 14, 2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory note with an accredited investor for a total amount of 300,000. The note
is due in three years and bear an interest rate of 1 . The conversion price for the note is lesser of 0.0036 and 85 of the lesser of
(i) 5 days VWAP on the trading day preceding the conversion date, and (ii) the VWAP on the conversion date. 

In
connection with the convertible debt, debt discount balance as of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 were 391,086 and 880,879, respectively,
and were being amortized and recorded as interest expenses over the term of the convertible debt. 

- 59 - 

 Table of Contents 

As
of the year ended June 30, 2021, debt discount of the convertible notes consisted of following: 

Debt
 Discount 

Debt
 Discount 
 
 Start
 Date 
 End
 Date 
 As
 of 6/30/2020 
 Addition 
 Amortization 
 As
 of 6/30/2021 
 
 9/27/2019 
 9/25/2019 
 35,553 
 - 
 (35,553 
 - 
 
 9/27/2019 
 9/25/2019 
 3,884 
 - 
 (3,884 
 - 
 
 10/28/2019 
 10/27/2020 
 65,069 
 - 
 (65,069 
 - 
 
 10/28/2019 
 10/27/2020 
 7,499 
 - 
 (7,499 
 - 
 
 10/28/2019 
 10/27/2020 
 65,069 
 - 
 (65,069 
 - 
 
 10/28/2019 
 10/27/2020 
 7,499 
 - 
 (7,499 
 - 
 
 11/29/2020 
 11/30/2020 
 39,605 
 - 
 (39,605 
 - 
 
 11/29/2020 
 11/30/2020 
 4,648 
 - 
 (4,648 
 - 
 
 11/29/2020 
 11/30/2020 
 39,605 
 - 
 (39,605 
 - 
 
 11/29/2020 
 11/30/2020 
 4,648 
 - 
 (4,648 
 - 
 
 12/10/2019 
 12/10/2020 
 42,309 
 - 
 (42,309 
 - 
 
 12/10/2019 
 12/10/2020 
 5,211 
 - 
 (5,211 
 - 
 
 12/10/2019 
 12/10/2020 
 42,309 
 - 
 (42,309 
 - 
 
 12/10/2019 
 12/10/2020 
 5,211 
 - 
 (5,211 
 - 
 
 12/27/2019 
 12/27/2020 
 49,180 
 - 
 (49,180 
 - 
 
 12/27/2019 
 12/27/2020 
 6,000 
 - 
 (6,000 
 - 
 
 1/3/2020 
 12/27/2020 
 50,139 
 - 
 (50,139 
 - 
 
 1/3/2020 
 12/27/2020 
 6,117 
 - 
 (6,117 
 - 
 
 1/14/2020 
 1/14/2021 
 79,525 
 - 
 (79,525 
 - 
 
 1/14/2020 
 1/14/2021 
 1,623 
 - 
 (1,623 
 - 
 
 1/22/2020 
 1/22/2021 
 53,327 
 - 
 (53,327 
 - 
 
 1/22/2020 
 1/22/2021 
 1,689 
 - 
 (1,689 
 - 
 
 2/4/2020 
 8/4/2020 
 21,154 
 - 
 (21,154 
 - 
 
 2/18/2020 
 8/18/2020 
 26,923 
 - 
 (26,923 
 - 
 
 3/5/2020 
 3/5/2021 
 82,893 
 - 
 (82,893 
 - 
 
 3/5/2020 
 3/5/2021 
 2,038 
 - 
 (2,038 
 - 
 
 4/24/2020 
 4/24/2021 
 59,600 
 - 
 (59,600 
 - 
 
 4/24/2020 
 4/24/2021 
 1,633 
 - 
 (1,633 
 - 

- 60 - 

 Table of Contents 

6/10/2020 
 6/10/2021 
 28,356 
 - 
 (28,356 
 - 
 
 6/10/2020 
 6/10/2021 
 6,776 
 - 
 (6,776 
 - 
 
 6/18/2020 
 6/18/2021 
 29,014 
 - 
 (29,014 
 - 
 
 6/18/2020 
 6/18/2021 
 6,775 
 - 
 (6,775 
 - 
 
 7/6/2020 
 7/6/2021 
 - 
 75,000 
 (75,000 
 - 
 
 7/6/2020 
 7/6/2021 
 - 
 2,000 
 (2,000 
 - 
 
 7/7/2020 
 7/7/2021 
 - 
 150,000 
 (150,000 
 - 
 
 7/7/2020 
 7/7/2021 
 - 
 3,000 
 (3,000 
 - 
 
 7/16/2020 
 7/16/2021 
 - 
 225,000 
 (225,000 
 - 
 
 7/16/2020 
 7/16/2021 
 - 
 35,700 
 (35,700 
 - 
 
 7/21/2020 
 7/21/2021 
 - 
 175,000 
 (175,000 
 - 
 
 7/21/2020 
 7/21/2021 
 - 
 25,200 
 (25,200 
 - 
 
 9/10/2020 
 9/10/2021 
 - 
 200,000 
 (160,548 
 39,452 
 
 9/10/2020 
 9/10/2021 
 - 
 27,700 
 (22,388 
 5,312 
 
 11/10/2020 
 11/11/2021 
 - 
 50,000 
 (31,694 
 18,306 
 
 11/10/2020 
 11/11/2021 
 - 
 8,300 
 (5,276 
 3,024 
 
 9/8/2020 
 3/10/2021 
 - 
 93,077 
 (93,077 
 - 
 
 9/8/2020 
 3/10/2021 
 - 
 10,000 
 (10,000 
 - 
 
 9/13/2020 
 3/25/2021 
 - 
 189,093 
 (189,093 
 - 
 
 9/13/2020 
 3/25/2021 
 - 
 19,300 
 (19,300 
 - 
 
 10/8/2020 
 4/9/2021 
 - 
 210,000 
 (210,000 
 - 
 
 10/8/2020 
 4/9/2021 
 - 
 21,000 
 (21,000 
 - 
 
 10/13/2020 
 4/13/2021 
 - 
 250,000 
 (250,000 
 - 
 
 10/13/2020 
 4/13/2021 
 - 
 25,000 
 (25,000 
 - 
 
 2/8/2021 
 2/9/2022 
 - 
 59,985 
 (23,273 
 36,712 
 
 2/8/2021 
 2/9/2022 
 - 
 9,315 
 (3,614 
 5,701 
 
 6/14/2021 
 6/14/2024 
 - 
 286,765 
 (4,186 
 282,578 

Total: 
 880,879 
 2,150,435 
 (2,640,228 
 391,086 

- 61 - 

 Table of Contents 

25.
Derivative Liabilities 

The
derivative liability is derived from the conversion features in note 22 and stock warrant in note 24. All were valued using the weighted-average
Binomial option pricing model using the assumptions detailed below. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the derivative liability was 2,217,361
and 5,597,095, respectively. The Company recorded 1,087,485 gain and 1,442,295 loss from changes in derivative liability during the
year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Binomial model with the following assumption inputs: 

June
 30, 2020 
 
 Annual
 Dividend Yield 

Expected
 Life (Years) 
 0.50-1.00

Risk-Free
 Interest Rate 
 0.16-2.10

Expected
 Volatility 
 113-175 

June
 30, 2021 
 
 Annual
 Dividend Yield 

Expected
 Life (Years) 
 0.50-3.00 
 
 Risk-Free
 Interest Rate 
 0.01-0.46

Expected
 Volatility 
 89-236

Fair
value of the derivative is summarized as below: 

Beginning
 Balance, June 30, 2020 
 5,597,095 
 
 Additions 
 2,663,892 
 
 Mark
 to Market 
 (230,573 
 
 Cancellation
 of Derivative Liabilities Due to Cash Repayment 
 (856,910 
 
 Reclassification
 to APIC Due to Conversions 
 (4,956,143 
 
 Ending Balance, June
 30, 2021 
 2,217,361 

- 62 - 

 Table of Contents 

26.
Stock Warrants 

On
September 7, 2018, the Company entered a settlement agreement with several investors to settle all disputes by issues additional unrestricted
shares. In connection with the note each individual investor will also receive warrants equal to the number of the shares the investors
own as of the effective date of the settlement agreement. The warrants have a life of five years with an exercise price as of the date
of exchange. The fair value of the warrants at the grant date was 56,730. As of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, the fair value of the
warrant liability was 1,042 and 1,910, respectively. 

On
February 4, 2020, the Company entered a warrant agreement with an accredited investor up to 10,000,000 shares of common stock of the
Company at exercise price of 0.008 per share, subject to adjustment. The warrants have a life of five years with an exercise price as
of the date of exchange. The fair value of the warrants at the grant date was 80,000. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of
the warrant liability was 20,000 and 78,000, respectively. 

As
of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, the total fair value of the warrant liability was 21,042 and 79,910, respectively. 

The
Binomial model with the following assumption inputs: 

Warrants
 liability: 
 June
 30, 2020 
 
 Annual
 dividend yield 

Expected
 life (years) 
 3.0-5.0 
 
 Risk-free
 interest rate 
 0.18-1.69

Expected
 volatility 
 137-318

Warrants
 liability: 
 June
 30, 2021 
 
 Annual
 dividend yield 

Expected
 life (years) 
 2.0-4.0 
 
 Risk-free
 interest rate 
 0.18-0.46

Expected
 volatility 
 132-166

Number
 of Shares 
 Weighted
 Average 
 Exercise
 Price 
 Weighted
 Average 
 Remaining 
 contractual
 life 
 
 Outstanding
 at June 30, 2019 
 1,083,880 
 0.034 
 5 
 
 Expired 
 (505,000 
 0.15 

Granted 
 1,000,000 
 0.008 
 5 
 
 Outstanding
 at June 30, 2020 
 1,578,880 
 0.021 
 4 
 
 Expired 
 - 

Granted 
 - 

Outstanding
 at June 30, 2021 
 1,578,880 
 0.026 
 3 

- 63 - 

 Table of Contents 

27.
Note Payable 

Note
payable due to bank 

During
October 2011, we entered into a revolving demand note (line of credit) arrangement with HSBC Bank USA, with a revolving borrowing limit
of 150,000. The line of credit bears a variable interest rate of one quarter percent (0.25 above the prime rate (3.25 as of September
30, 2013). In the event the deposit account is not established or minimum balance maintained, HSBC can charge a higher rate of interest
of up to 4.0 above prime rate. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the loan principal balance was 25,982 and 25,982, respectively. 

Notes
payable due to non-related parties 

On
June 15, 2018, the Company entered into a promissory note with one of the accredited investors. The original principal amount was 20,000
and the note bears 8 interest per annum. The note was payable upon demand. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, this note had a balance of
 33,047 and 20,000, respectively. 

Notes
payable due to related parties 

On
January 23, 2013, the Company entered into a promissory note with its former employee of the Company who owns less than 5 of the Company s
stock. The original principal amount was 40,000 and the note bears no interest. The note was payable upon demand. As of June 30, 2021
and 2020, this note had a balance of 15,427 and 15,427, respectively. 

28.
Related Party Transactions 

On
January 23, 2013, SWC received a loan from an employee for 40,000. The amount of loan bears no interest. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020,
the balance of loans payable is 15,427 and 15,427, respectively. 

On
July 7, 2016, SWC received a loan from an employee. The amount of the loan bears no interest and amortized on a monthly basis over the
life of the loan. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the balance of the loans payable were 49,447 and 30,000, respectively. 

On
November 21, 2016, SWC received a loan from an employee. The amount of the loan bears no interest and due in September 30, 2017. As of
June 30, 2021. the note was in default. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the balance of the loans payable were 83,275 and 5,943, respectively. 

On
September 1, 2017, the Company had related party transaction with LMK Capital LLC, a related party company owned by Jimmy Chan, the Company s
CEO. The amount of the loan payable/receivable bears no interest and due on demand. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the balance of the
loan payable to LMK were 26,452 and 0, respectively, and the balance of loan receivable were 0 and 122,535, respectively. 

On
May 25, 2021, Lemon Glow received a loan from an officer. The amount of the loan bears no interest and due on demand. As of June 30,
2021 and 2020, the balance of the loans were 3,000 and 0, respectively. 

As
of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had outstanding balance of 179,258 and 78,000 owed to various related parties, respectively.
See note 27 and 29 for the details. 

29.
Loans Payable 

On
October 1, 2017, SGMD entered a straight promissory note with Greater Asia Technology Limited (Greater Asia) for borrowing 100,000 with
maturity date on June 30, 2018; the note bears an interest rate of 33.33 . As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the note was in default and
the outstanding balance under this note was 49,541 and 96,401, respectively. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2019, the Company entered a series of short-term loan agreements with Greater Asia Technology Limited (Greater
Asia) for borrowing 375,000, with interest rate at 40 - 50 of the principal balance. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the outstanding
balance with Greater Asia loans were 100,000 and 100,000, respectively. 

On
January 6, 2015, the Company entered into repayment agreement with its former employee for a loan of 9,500 at no interest. As of June
30, 2021 and 2020, the Company has an outstanding balance of 0 and 3,584, respectively. 

On
July 1, 2012, Carryout Supplies entered an equipment loan agreement with a bank with maturity on June 21, 2024. The monthly payment is
 648. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the outstanding balance under this loan were 16,805 and 24,524, respectively. 

On
March 18, 2020, the Company entered into a loan agreement for 150,000 with Celtic Bank with maturity date on March 18, 2020. As of June
30, 2021 and 2020, the outstanding balance under this loan were 0 and 117,635, respectively. 

On
June 26, 2020, the Company entered into a government loan agreement for 8,000 with maturity date on December 26, 2020. As of June 30,
2021 and 2020, the outstanding balance under this loan were 0 and 8,000, respectively. 

On
April 27, 2020, we entered into a loan borrowed 110,000 from Bank of America Lender ), pursuant to a Promissory Note issued
by Company to Lender (the PPP Note ). The loan was made pursuant to the Payroll Protection Program established as part of
the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The PPP Note bears interest at 1.00 per annum,
and may be repaid at any time without penalty. The PPP Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment
defaults, breach of representations and warranties, or provisions of the promissory note. The occurrence of an event of default may result
in a claim for the immediate repayment of all amounts outstanding under the PPP Note. As of June 30, 2021, the loan has been fully forgiven
by the government and the remaining balance was zero as of June 30, 2021. 

- 64 - 

 Table of Contents 

On
July 28, 2020, we entered into a loan borrowed 159,900 from Bank of America Lender ), pursuant to a Promissory Note issued
by Company to Lender (the PPP Note ). The loan was made pursuant to the Payroll Protection Program established as part of
the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The PPP Note bears interest at 1.00 per annum
and may be repaid at any time without penalty. The PPP Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment
defaults, breach of representations and warranties, or provisions of the promissory note. The occurrence of an event of default may result
in a claim for the immediate repayment of all amounts outstanding under the PPP Note. 

On
January 25, 2021, we entered into a loan borrowed 96,595 from Bank of America Lender ), pursuant to a Promissory Note
issued by Company to Lender (the PPP Note ). The loan was made pursuant to the Payroll Protection Program established as
part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The PPP Note bears interest at 1.00 per
annum and may be repaid at any time without penalty. The PPP Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things,
payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, or provisions of the promissory note. The occurrence of an event of default
may result in a claim for the immediate repayment of all amounts outstanding under the PPP Note. 

The
Company accounting for the PPP loan under Topic 470: (a). Initially record the cash inflow from the PPP loan as a financial liability
and would accrue interest in accordance with the interest method under ASC Subtopic 835-30; (b). Not impute additional interest at a
market rate; (c). Continue to record the proceeds from the loan as a liability until either (1) the loan is partly or wholly forgiven
and the debtor has been legally released or (2) the debtor pays off the loan; (d). Would reduce the liability by the amount forgiven
and record a gain on extinguishment once the loan is partly or wholly forgiven and legal release is received. 

On
February 15, 2021, the Company entered a promissory note with Manuel Rivera for borrowing 100,000 with maturity date on September 15,
2021; the note bears a monthly interest of 3,500 for 7 months. The Company shall pay the investor a fee of 70,000 within 45 days of
its first harvest. As of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, the outstanding loan balance under this note was 100,000 and 0, respectively. 

On
March 24, 2021, the Company entered into auto loan agreement with John Deere Financial for an auto loan of 69,457 for 60 months at annual
percentage rate of 2.85 . As of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, the Company has an outstanding balance of 65,726 and 0, respectively. 

As
of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had an outstanding loan balance of 701,193 and 517,260, respectively. 

- 65 - 

 Table of Contents 

29.
Loans Payable Related Parties 

On
July 7, 2016, SWC received a loan from an employee. The amount of the loan bears no interest and amortized on a monthly basis over the
life of the loan. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the balance of the loan were 49,447 and 30,000, respectively. 

On
November 21, 2016, SWC received a loan from a former independent consultant. The amount of the loan bears no interest and due in September
30, 2017. As of June 30, 2021. the note was in default. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the balance of the loans were 83,275 and 5,943,
respectively. 

On
May 25, 2021, Lemon Glow received a loan from an officer. The amount of the loan bears no interest and due on demand. As of June 30,
2021 and 2020, the balance of the loans was 3,000 and 0, respectively. 

On
September 1, 2017, the Company had related party transaction with LMK Capital LLC, a related party company owned by Jimmy Chan, the Company s
CEO. The amount of the loan payable/receivable bears no interest and due on demand. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the balance of the
loan payable to LMK were 26,452 and 0, respectively, and the balance of loan receivable were 0 and 122,535, respectively. 

As
of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had an outstanding related party loan balance of 163,831 and 35,943, respectively. 

30.
Shares to Be Issued 

As
of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had entered into one consulting service agreement and one employment agreement, which had potential
shares to be issued in total amount of 138,077 and 101,577, respectively. 

31.
Equity Transactions 

The
Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000,000 shares of .001 par value common stock and 10,000,000 shares of .001 par value
preferred stock. 

As
of June 30, 2020, the Company had 1,763,277,230 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding and 3,541,500 shares of its preferred
stock issued and outstanding. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued 2,620,000,001 shares of common stock for cash in total amount of 4,171,000. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued 2,451,338,059 shares of common stock to convert the convertible notes with accrued interest
in total amount of 2,560,369. 

During
the periods from December 14, 2014 through March 31, 2015, the Company issued 2,000,000 shares of Series A preferred stock from an EB5
Program Investment. Five years from the date of issue (the Conversion Date ), assuming Investor is approved for l-526, and
each Preferred Share will automatically convert into that number of Common Shares having a fair market value of the Initial
Investment plus a five (5) percent annualized return on Initial Investment, Fair market value will be determined by averaging the closing
sale price of a Common Share for the 40 trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion on the U.S. stock exchange on which
Common Shares are publicly traded. Should the Investor be unsuccessful in liquidating the Common Shares within 90 days after the Conversion
Date, the Company shall buy back total Common Shares owned by Investor at a fixed amount of 500,000.00 plus 5 ROI per annum. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, those shares were automatically converted into 360,647,019 of common shares with a fair market value of
 2,000,000 of initial investment plus a five percent annualized return on initial investment ROI ), or total ROI of 500,000. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued 187,673,367 shares of common stock for service compensation in total fair value of 455,894. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued 19,600,000 shares of common stock for shares subscribed in prior year in total fair
value of 196,000. 

On
May 11, 2021, the Company and Jimmy Chan, the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and a Director of the Company, entered
into the Stock Redemption Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2021, with the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Redemption Agreement,
Mr. Chan agreed to sell, and the Company agreed to purchase, 1,000,000 shares of the Company s Series B Stock held by Mr. Chan
in exchange for 1.00 in cash consideration. The Stock Purchase closed on May 11, 2021, and after the close of the Stock Purchase, the
1,000,000 shares of the Series B Stock previously held by Mr. Chan were returned to the status of authorized but unissued shares of Series
B Stock of the Company. 

As
of June 30, 2021, the Company had 7,402,535,677 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding. 

As
of June 30, 2021, the Company had 541,500 shares of its Series B preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

- 66 - 

 Table of Contents 

32.
Commitments and Contingencies 

On
February 23, 2018 the Company entered into lease agreement for a new office space as part of the plan to expand operation, the lease
is set to commence Commencing March 1, 2018. The term of the lease is for a (5) Five Years with 1 month free on the 1st year of the term.
The monthly rent on the 1st year will be 11,770 with a 3 increase for each subsequent year. Total commitment for the full term of the
lease will be 737,367. As of the date of this filing, this property became the headquarter of the company. 

Our
warehouse along with some office space is located at 20529 East Walnut Drive North, Diamond Bar, California, where we lease approximately
11,627 square feet of combined space. The lease term is for five years and two months ending on April 30, 2025. The current monthly rental
payment for the facility is 13,022. 

On
February 1, 2021, the Company entered into lease agreement with Magnolia Extracts, LLC dba Nug Ave-Lynwood, a California limited liability
company for a certain regulatory permit issued by the City of Lynwood authorizing commercial retailer non-storefront operations at 11118
Wright Road, Lynwood, CA 90262. The lease is set to commence Commencing February 1, 2021. The lease payment shall equal 10,000 per month
and the lease term is on month by month basis. Parties have agreed that the first month s rent payment shall equal 7,000 and the
Company shall pay to owner a refundable security deposit of 20,000 within 10 days of the effective day. 

For
 The Year Ended 

June
 30, 2021 

Lease
 Cost 

Operating
 lease cost (included in general and administration in the Company s unaudited condensed statement of operations) 
 308,925 

Other
 Information 

Cash
 paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for the year ended June 30, 2021 
 220,328 
 
 Remaining
 lease term operating leases (in years) 
 2.75 
 
 Average
 discount rate operating leases 
 10 
 
 The
 supplemental balance sheet information related to leases for the periods are as follows: 

Operating
 leases 

Short-term
 Right-of-use assets 
 243,406 
 
 Long-term
 Right-of-use assets 
 486,253 
 
 Total
 operating lease assets 
 729,659 

Short-term
 operating lease liabilities 
 239,521 
 
 Long-term
 operating lease liabilities 
 524,149 
 
 Total
 operating lease liabilities 
 763,670 

Maturities
 of the Company s lease liabilities are as follows: 

Period ending June
 30, 
 Operating 

Lease 
 
 2022 
 305,040 
 
 2023 
 273,425 
 
 2024 
 172,465 
 
 2025 
 147,446 
 
 Total
 lease payments 
 898,376 

Less:
 Imputed interest/present value discount 
 (134,706 
 
 Present
 value of lease liabilities 
 763,669 

- 67 - 

 Table of Contents 

33.
Income Tax 

The
deferred tax asset as of June 30, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Net
 Operating Loss Carryforwards 
 13,021,807 
 12,028,883 
 
 Less
 Valuation Allowance 
 (13,021,807 
 (12,028,883 

Management
provided a deferred tax asset valuation allowance equal to the potential benefit due to the Company s loss. When the Company demonstrates
the ability to generate taxable income, management will re-evaluate the allowance. 

As
of June 30, 2021, the Company has net operating loss carryforward of 74,348,595 which is available to offset future taxable income that
expires by year 2037. 

TCJA
modified net operating loss (NOL) rules. For most taxpayers, NOLs arising in tax years ending after 2017 can only be carried forward.
Exceptions apply to certain farming losses and NOLs of insurance companies other than a life insurance company. 

For
losses arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, the new law limits the NOL deduction to 80 of taxable income. 

Reconciliation
between the provision for income taxes and the expected tax benefit using the federal statutory rate of 21 for 2021 and 2020 is as follows: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 US
 federal statutory income tax rate 
 (21 
 (21 
 
 State
 tax net of benefit 
 (7 
 (7 
 
 Non-deductible
 expenses, net of federal benefit 
 7 
 7 
 
 Increase
 in valuation allowance 
 21 
 21 
 
 Income
 tax expense 

34.
Subsequent Events 

Convertible
note conversions 

Subsequent
to October 11, 2021, there were multiple accredited investors converted approx. 451,600 of the convertible notes with accrued interest
into 614,728,579 shares of the Company s common stocks. 

- 68 - 

 Table of Contents 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A . Controls and Procedures 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer, who is also our Chief Financial
Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of
June 30, 2021, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
concluded that as of June 30, 2021 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective such that the information relating to us
required to be disclosed in our SEC reports: (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
SEC rules and forms; and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

(b)
Changes in internal controls over financial reporting 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, there were no changes to the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the
supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company s board of
directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
and includes those policies and procedures that 

- 69 - 

 Table of Contents 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the company; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
 made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
their control objectives. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material misstatements may not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known
features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate,
this risk. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30,
2021, based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework 2013 (COSO 2013 Framework) and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based upon such evaluation,
our management concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2021, based on the
COSO framework criteria, as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal
controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 

The
matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were the relative inexperience of our management and supporting personnel with the compliance
and control requirements of U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting compliance. 

We
have taken, and are continuing to take, certain actions to remediate the material weakness related to our lack of U.S. GAAP experience.
We plan to hire additional credentialed professional staff and consulting professionals with greater knowledge and experience of U.S.
GAAP and related regulatory requirements to oversee our financial reporting process in order to ensure our compliance with U.S. GAAP
and other relevant securities laws. In addition, we plan to provide additional training to our accounting personnel on U.S. GAAP, and
other regulatory requirements regarding the preparation of financial statements. 

Notwithstanding
the above identified material weakness, the Company s management believes that its condensed consolidated financial statements
included in this report fairly present in all material respects the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows for the periods presented and that this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report. 

- 70 - 

 Table of Contents 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

As
of October 11, 2021, the following individuals are the Company s current officers and directors. Certain information about
them, is set forth below: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Jimmy
 Chan 
 
 42 
 
 CEO
 Chairman 
 
 Christopher
 H. Dieterich 
 
 73 
 
 Independent
 Director 

Biographies 

Jimmy
Chan, has served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman since 2008. In addition, he has been, since 2008, the Chief
Executive officer of CarryOutSupplies.com. From 2005 to 2007, he served as the Vice-President, for Emergence Capital, operating out of
Garden Grove, California, and providing mortgage services to the general public. From 2003 to 2005, he was the Vice-President in charge
of operations for Azusa Mobile, a T-Mobile authorized dealer, and prior to that he was the president of Cyber Gift, importing toys for
distribution as a wholesaler. He is not an officer nor director of any other public companies. 

Christopher
H. Dieterich, is qualified to serve as a Director by way his extensive legal and business experience. He graduated from Virginia Polytechnic
Institute in 1969 (BS Engineering), University of California at Berkeley 1970 (MS Engineering) on full scholarship by Ford Foundation;
and the University of California at Los Angeles in 1979 (JD Law/MS Economics), pursuant to a grant from Olin Foundation. He operates
a law firm that specializes in SEC filings and venture capital arrangements, and currently represents 15 reporting public entities. The
firm has participated in capital raises for over 50 clients, and hundreds of millions of dollars for those clients. The Board believes
Mr. Dieterich adds significant value to not only corporate governance, but also to operational and capital acquisition efficiency. 

The
Company does not carry key man life insurance policies on any of the above principals or key personnel. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our directors, executive officers, significant employees or control persons has been involved in any legal proceeding listed in Item
401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

There
has never been a petition under the Bankruptcy Act, or any State insolvency law filed by or against the Company or its principals or
key personnel. Additionally, there has never been a receiver, fiscal agent, or similar officer appointed by a court for the business
or property of any such persons, or any partnership in which any of such persons was a general partner at or within the past five years,
or any corporation or business association of which any such person was an executive officer at or within the past five years. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any director or executive officer. 

- 71 - 

 Table of Contents 

Leadership
Structure 

Jimmy
Chan, who is also a director and serves as chairman, CEO, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and corporate Secretary.
Christopher H. Dieterich became an independent director on April 22, 2019. 

Board
Committees 

We
do not have a standing audit committee, an audit committee financial expert, or any committee or person performing a similar function.
We do not have any board committees including a nominating, compensation, or executive committee. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has not formally adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers and
Directors as the Company is not required to do so. 

Director
Independence 

We
currently have one independent director, Christopher H. Dieterich. We apply the definition of independent director provided
under the Listing Rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC NASDAQ ). Under NASDAQ rules, the Board has considered all relevant
facts and circumstances regarding our directors and has affirmatively determined that Christopher H. Dieterich is independent of us under
NASDAQ rules. 

Director
Compensation 

Currently,
non-employee directors do not receive any compensation for their services as directors. In the future, the Company expects to develop
and adopt a compensation plan for all directors, officers and employees. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
following table summarizes all compensation recorded by us in the past two fiscal years for each of our named executive officers 

2021
SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 (Preferred Shares) 
 Stock
 Awards (Common Stock) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total 
 ) 

Jimmy
 Chan, Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 150,000 
 1 
 50,000,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 280,000 

Starting July 1, 2021, Mr. Chan receives an annual salary of 250,000 with 50,000,000 commons shares at the end of Calendar year 2021.
Upon closing of each acquisition, Mr. Chan will get 10 of the purchase price as special bonus. 

The
1 share of Series C preferred stock owned by Mr. Chan has no conversion rights nor no value. 

As
of the filing date, the 5,000,000 common shares for 2019 and 50,000,000 common shares for 2020 have not been issued to Mr. Chan. 

Employment
Agreements 

We
do not have contracts in writing with our officers. However, beginning on January 1, 2019, Mr. Jimmy Chan received an annual salary of
 96,000 in cash and 5,000,000 common shares annually. In addition, upon closing of each acquisition, Mr. Chan will get 10 of the purchase
price as a special bonus. As of January 1, 2020, Mr. Chan receives an annual salary of 108,000 and the salary increased to 150,000
starting September 1, 2020 with 50,000,000 commons shares at the end of Calendar year 2020. In addition, upon closing of each acquisition,
Mr. Chan will receive 10 of the purchase price as a special bonus. As of October 13, 2020, 5,000,000 common shares have been issued
to Mr. Chan for 2019 and 2020. In the future, the Company expects to develop and adopt a compensation plan for all directors, officers
and employees. 

Starting
July 1, 2021, Mr. Chan receives an annual salary of 250,000 with 50,000,000 commons shares at the end of Calendar year 2020. In addition,
upon closing of each acquisition, Mr. Chan will receive 10 of the purchase price as a special bonus. As of October 08, 2021, 5,000,000
common shares for 2019 and 50,000,000 common shares for 2020 have not been issued to Mr. Chan. In the future, the Company expects to
develop and adopt a compensation plan for all directors, officers and employees. 

- 72 - 

 Table of Contents 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

As
of October 13, 2021, below is information with respect to the securities holdings of (i) our named executive officers, (ii) our
directors, (iii) our executive officers and directors as a group, and (iv) all persons which, pursuant to filings with the SEC and our
stock transfer records, we have reason to believe may be deemed the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of the shares of
Common Stock. 

The
securities beneficially owned by an individual are determined in accordance with the definition of beneficial ownership 
set forth in the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and, accordingly, may include securities owned by or for, among others,
the spouse and/or minor children of an individual and any other relative who resides in the same home as such individual, as well as
other securities as to which the individual has or shares voting or investment power or which each person has the right to acquire within
60 days through the exercise of options or otherwise. Beneficial ownership may be disclaimed as to certain of the securities. The following
table is based on the number of shares outstanding totaling 8,680,267,684 as of October 11, 2021. 

Shareholder
 Name 
 Title
 and Position 
 Series
 B Preferred Stock 
 Series
 B (as converted to common stock) 
 Series
 C Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Total
 Ownership 
 Percentage
 of Class Beneficially Owned 
 Proxy
 (Voted) 
 
 Jimmy
 Chan 
 CEO,
 Chairman 
 500,000 
 500,000,000 
 1 
 19,063,502 
 2,519,063,502 
 46.75 
 46.75 
 
 LMK
 Capital LLC 
 Shareholder 

11,266,667 
 11,266,667 
 0.20 
 0.20 
 
 Total
 Issued and Outstanding 

2,530,330,169 
 46.95 
 46.95 

Jimmy
Chan is the majority owner of LMK Capital LLC as management consultant and is therefore a beneficial owner of shares owned by LMK Capital
LLC. Amy Thai and LMK Capital LLC s holdings are 14,478,066 and 11,266,667 respectively. 

Out
of 2,500,000 Series B Preferred Stock owned since April 21, 2020. During the year ended June 30, 2021, Mr. Jimmy Chan cancelled his 2,000,000
shares of Series B preferred stock rights (a) to the conversion rights granted to him in the Series B convertible preferred stock and
(b) the rights to proceeds in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up as may be provided in the certificate of incorporation
pertaining to said series B preferred stock, if any. 

The 1 share of Series C preferred stock owned by Mr. Chan has no conversion rights nor no value. The share of Series C preferred stock
shall have a number of votes at any time equal to (i) the number of votes then held or entitled to be made by all other equity securities
of the Company, including, without limitation, the common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company, debt securities of the Company
or pursuant to any other agreement, contract or understanding of the Company, plus (ii) one (1). The Series C preferred stock shall vote
on any matter submitted to the holders of the common stock, or any class thereof, for a vote, and shall vote together with the common
stock, or any class thereof, as applicable, on such matter for as long as the share of Series C preferred stock is issued and outstanding. 

As
a result, as of June 30, 2021, Mr. Chan beneficially owned 46.75 of the Company s voting rights. 

- 73 - 

 Table of Contents 

Changes
in Control 

As
of the date of this filing, we are not aware of any arrangement that may result in a change in control of our company. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth securities authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans approved by our stockholders as well
as any equity compensation plans not approved by our stockholders as of June 30, 2021. 

Plan
 category 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted
 average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities
 reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Plans
 approved by our stockholders 
 1,578,880 
 0.021 
 2,096,446 
 
 Plans
 not approved by stockholders 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Item
13 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

Our
Company reviews transactions between our Company and persons or entities considered to be related parties (collectively related
parties ). Our Company considers entities to be related parties where an executive officer, director or a 5 or more beneficial
owner of our shares of Common Stock (or an immediate family member of these persons) has a direct or indirect material interest. Transactions
of this nature require the approval of our Board. 

Other
Transactions with Related Persons, Promoters and Certain Control Persons 

The
following includes a summary of any transaction occurring since July 1, 2018, or any proposed transaction, in which we were or are to
be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of our average total assets at year-end
for the two most recently completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest
(other than compensation described under Executive Compensation above). We believe the terms obtained or consideration
that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available or the
amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

From
time to time, SWC Group receives short-term loans from LMK Capital, LLC LMK for its working capital needs. As
of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company s outstanding balance to LMK is 26,452 and 0, respectively. 

On
January 23, 2013, the Company entered into a promissory note with its former employee who owns less than 5 of the Company s stock.
The original principal amount was 40,000 and the note bore no interest. The note was payable upon demand. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020,
this note had a balance of 15,427 and 15,427, respectively. 

As
of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had an outstanding balance of notes payable due to related parties of 15,427 and 15,427, respectively. 

- 74 - 

 Table of Contents 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
aggregate fees for professional services rendered to us by L L CPAS, PA, our independent registered public accounting firm, for the
fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, were as follows: 

Year
 Ended June 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Audit
 fees (1) 
 69,000 
 54,000 
 
 Audit-Related
 fees (2) 
 
 12,500 
 
 Tax
 fees 

Other
 fees 

Total
 fees 
 69,000 
 66,500 

(1) 
 Includes
 fees for (i) audits of our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020; and (ii) fees related
 to services normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes
 fees for review of our registration statements and offering statements filed with the SEC. 

Audit
and Non-Audit Service Preapproval Policy 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, our board of directors
has adopted an informal approval policy that it believes will result in an effective and efficient procedure to preapprove services performed
by the independent registered public accounting firm. 

Audit
Services . Audit services include the annual financial statement audit (including quarterly reviews) and other procedures required
to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm to be able to form an opinion on our consolidated financial statements.
The board of directors preapproves specified annual audit services engagement terms and fees and other specified audit fees. All other
audit services must be specifically preapproved by the board of directors. The board of directors monitors the audit services engagement
and may approve, if necessary, any changes in terms, conditions, and fees resulting from changes in audit scope or other items. 

Audit-Related
Services . Audit-related services are assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or
review of our consolidated financial statements, which historically have been provided to us by the independent registered public accounting
firm and are consistent with the SEC s rules on auditor independence. The board of directors has approved specified audit-related
services within preapproved fee levels. All other audit-related services must be preapproved by the board of directors. 

Tax
Services . The board of directors preapproves specified tax services that it believes would not impair the independence of the independent
registered public accounting firm and that are consistent with the SEC rules and guidance. The board of directors must specifically approve
all other tax services. 

All
Other Services . Other services are services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm that do not fall within
the established audit, audit-related, and tax services categories. The board of directors preapproves specified other services that do
not fall within any of the specified prohibited categories of services. 

Procedures .
All proposals for services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm, which must include a detailed description
of the services to be rendered and the amount of corresponding fees, are submitted to the chairman of the board of directors and the
chief financial officer. The chief financial officer authorizes services that have been preapproved by the board of directors. The chief
financial officer submits requests or applications to provide services that have not been preapproved by the board of directors, which
must include an affirmation by the chief financial officer and the independent registered public accounting firm that the request or
application is consistent with the SEC rules on auditor independence, to the board of directors (or its chair or any of its other members
pursuant to delegated authority) for approval. 

- 75 - 

 Table of Contents 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1)
Financial Statements 

The
consolidated financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are listed in the Index to Financial
Statements and Schedules on page F-1 and included beginning on page F-1. 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are either not required under the related instructions,
are not applicable (and therefore have been omitted), or the required disclosures are contained in the financial statements included
herein. 

(3)
Exhibits. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated May 12, 2021 by and among Sugarmade, Inc., Carnaby Spot Bay Corp, Lemon Glow Company, and Ryan Santiago (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021). 

2.2 
 
 Certificate of Merger filed with the State of California on May 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021). 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation dated June 20, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on March 14, 2008) 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated January 14, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on March 14, 2008) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated October 12, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 12, 2018) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Correction of Designations, Powers, Preferences And Other Rights Of The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.6 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 20, 2018) 

3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on March 14, 2008) 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation, Preferences, and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on January 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 22, 2021). 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series B Senior Preferred Stock, Setting forth the Powers, Preferences, Rights, Qualifications, Limitations and Restrictions of Such Series of Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on January 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 22, 2021). 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Preferences and Rights of Series C Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on January 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 22, 2021). 

10.1 
 
 Non-Exclusive Intellectual Property Licensing entered into as of August 26, 2021 by and between Sugarmade, Inc. and SugarRush 5058, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021. 

10.2 
 
 Operating Agreement of SugarRush 5058, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Standard Offer, Agreement and Escrow Instructions for Purchase of Real Estate (Non-Residential), dated June 11, 2021, with Paredes Diana K Tr / Shalom Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 17, 2021). 

10.4 
 
 Common Share Purchase Agreement dated February 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 Stock Redemption Agreement dated May 11, 2021 between the Company and Jimmy Chan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 13, 2021). 

10.6 
 
 Promissory Note dated May 14, 2021 issued between the Company (as borrower) and Ryan Santiago (as holder) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021). 

10.7 
 
 Promissory Note dated May 14, 2021 issued between the Company (as borrower) and SMBS Capital Inc. (as holder) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Promissory Note dated May 14, 2021 issued between the Company (as borrower) and Sam Luu (as holder) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021). 

10.9 
 
 Promissory Note dated May 14, 2021 issued between the Company (as borrower) and Manuel Rivera (as holder) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021). 

10.10 
 
 Memorandum of Understanding (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 17, 2021). 

21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries. 

24.1 
 
 Power
 of Attorney (set forth on signature page hereto) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of L L CPAs, PA 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer and principal financial officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certifications
 of Chief Executive Officer and principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

ITEM
16. 10-K SUMMARY 

As
permitted, the registrant has elected not to supply a summary of information required by Form 10-K. 

- 76 - 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
October 13, 2021 

SUGARMADE,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jimmy Chan 

Name: 
 Jimmy
 Chan 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

We,
the undersigned directors and/or officers of Sugarmade, Inc. hereby severally constitute and appoint Jimmy Chan, acting individually,
his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him and in his name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this registration statement, and to file the same, with all exhibits
thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact
and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the
premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Jimmy Chan 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (principal 
 
 October
 13, 2021 
 
 Jimmy
 Chan 
 
 executive
 officer, principal financial officer and principal 

accounting
 officer) 

/s/
 Christopher H. Dietrich 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 13, 2021 
 
 Christopher
 H. Dietrich 

- 77 - 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries of 

 Sugarmade,
Inc. 

Entity
 Name 
 
 Place
 of Organization 
 
 Nug
 Avenue 
 
 Arcadia,
 California 
 
 SWC
 Group Inc. 
 
 Walnut,
 California 
 
 SugarRush
 Inc. 
 
 Monrovia,
 California 
 
 Lemon
 Glow Company 
 
 Alhambra,
 California 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Form 10-K of SugarMade Inc. of our report dated October 13, 2021, appearing in the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of SugarMade Inc. for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

/s/
L L CPAS, PA 

Plantation,
FL 

 October
13, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

Certifications 

I,
Jimmy Chan, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2021 of Sugarmade, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 13, 2021 

/s/
 Jimmy Chan 

Jimmy
 Chan 

Chief
Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of Sugarmade, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jimmy Chan, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
October 13, 2021 

/s/
 Jimmy Chan 

Jimmy
 Chan 

Chief
 Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 sgdm-20210630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 sgdm-20210630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 sgdm-20210630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 sgdm-20210630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 sgdm-20210630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 sgdm-20210630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

