<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211110_10-K_edgar_data_915840_0000915840-21-000055.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12897493</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>296445</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1815751</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5001022</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2875458</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2663951</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000915840-21-000055.hdr.sgml : 20211110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211110164813
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000915840-21-000055
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BEAZER HOMES USA INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000915840
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		IRS NUMBER:				582086934
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12822
		FILM NUMBER:		211397460

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 ABERNATHY ROAD
		STREET 2:		STE 260
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30328
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7708293700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 ABERNATHY ROAD
		STREET 2:		STE 260
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000915840-21-000055.txt : 20211110

10-K
 1
 bzh-20210930.htm
 10-K

bzh-20210930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________________________________________________ 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2021 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission File Number 
 _____________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _____________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. employer Identification no.) 
 , , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company, and ""emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES NO 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of March 31, 2021, based on the closing sale price per share as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on such date, was . 
 Class Outstanding at November 5, 2021 Common Stock, 0.001 par value 

BEAZER HOMES USA, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 Item 2. Properties 
 21 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 21 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 22 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 41 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 80 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 80 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 80 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 81 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 81 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 81 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 81 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 81 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 82 
 SIGNATURES 
 88 

References to we, us, our, Beazer, Beazer Homes and the Company in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to Beazer Homes USA, Inc. 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (Form 10-K) contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events or results, and it is possible that such events or results described in this Form 10-K will not occur or be achieved. These forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of statements that include words such as estimate, project, believe, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, foresee, likely, will, , "outlook", goal, target or other similar words or phrases. 
 These forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside of our control, that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events or results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including, among other things, the matters discussed in this Form 10-K in the section captioned Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Additional information about factors that could lead to material cha nges is contained in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. These factors are not intended to be an all-inclusive list of risks and uncertainties that may affect the operations, performance, development and results of our business, but instead are the risks that we currently perceive as potentially being material. Such factors may include: 
 the cyclical nature of the homebuilding industry and a potential deterioration in homebuilding industry conditions; 
 economic changes nationally or in local markets, changes in consumer confidence, wage levels, declines in employment levels, inflation and governmental actions, each of which is outside our control and affects the affordability of, and demand for, the homes we sell; 
 potential negative impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, which, in addition to exacerbating each of the risks listed above and below, may include a significant decrease in demand for our homes or consumer confidence generally with respect to purchasing a home, an inability to sell and build homes in a typical manner or at all, increased costs or decreased supply of building materials, including lumber, or the availability of subcontractors, housing inspectors, and other third-parties we rely on to support our operations, and recognizing charges in future periods, which may be material, for goodwill impairments, inventory impairments and/or land option contract abandonments; 
 supply chain challenges negatively impacting our homebuilding production, including shortages of raw materials and other critical components such as windows, doors, and appliances; 
 shortages of or increased costs for labor used in housing production, and the level of quality and craftsmanship provided by such labor; 
 the availability and cost of land and the risks associated with the future value of our inventory, such as asset impairment charges we took on select California assets during the second quarter of fiscal 2019; 
 factors affecting margins, such as decreased land values underlying land option agreements, increased land development costs in communities under development or delays or difficulties in implementing initiatives to reduce our production and overhead cost structure; 
 our ability to raise debt and/or equity capital, due to factors such as limitations in the capital markets (including market volatility) or adverse credit market conditions, and our ability to otherwise meet our ongoing liquidity needs (which could cause us to fail to meet the terms of our covenants and other requirements under our various debt instruments and therefore trigger an acceleration of a significant portion or all of our outstanding debt obligations), including the impact of any downgrades of our credit ratings or reduction in our liquidity levels; 
 market perceptions regarding any capital raising initiatives we may undertake (including future issuances of equity or debt capital); 
 terrorist acts, protests and civil unrest, political uncertainty, natural disasters, acts of war or other factors over which the Company has no control; 
 inaccurate estimates related to homes to be delivered in the future (backlog), as they are subject to various cancellation risks that cannot be fully controlled; 
 increases in mortgage interest rates, increased disruption in the availability of mortgage financing, changes in tax laws or otherwise regarding the deductibility of mortgage interest expenses and real estate taxes or an increased number of foreclosures; 
 increased competition or delays in reacting to changing consumer preferences in home design; 
 natural disasters or other related events that could result in delays in land development or home construction, increase our costs or decrease demand in the impacted areas; 
 the potential recoverability of our deferred tax assets; 
 1 

increases in corporate tax rates; 
 potential delays or increased costs in obtaining necessary permits as a result of changes to, or complying with, laws, regulations or governmental policies, and possible penalties for failure to comply with such laws, regulations or governmental policies, including those related to the environment; 
 the results of litigation or government proceedings and fulfillment of any related obligations; 
 the impact of construction defect and home warranty claims; 
 the cost and availability of insurance and surety bonds, as well as the sufficiency of these instruments to cover potential losses incurred; 
 the impact of information technology failures, cybersecurity issues or data security breaches; 
 the impact of governmental regulations on homebuilding in key markets, such as regulations limiting the availability of water; and 
 the success of our Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) initiatives, including our ability to meet our goal that every home we build will be Net Zero Energy Ready by 2025 as well as the success of any other related partnerships or pilot programs we may enter into in order to increase the energy efficiency of our homes and prepare for a Net Zero future. 
 Any forward-looking statement, including any statement expressing confidence regarding future outcomes, speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all such factors. 
 2 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 We are a geographically diversified homebuilder with active operations in 13 states within three geographic regions in the United States: the West, East, and Southeast. Our homes are designed to appeal to homeowners at different price points across various demographic segments and are generally offered for sale in advance of their construction. Our objective is to provide our customers with homes that incorporate extraordinary value and quality, at affordable prices, while seeking to maximize our return on invested capital over the course of a housing cycle. 
 Beazer Homes USA, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 1993. Our principal executive offices are located at 1000 Abernathy Road, Suite 260, Atlanta, Georgia 30328, and our main telephone number is (770) 829-3700. We also provide information about our company, including active communities, through our Internet website located at www.beazer.com. Information on our website is not a part of this Form 10-K and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference. 
 Business Strategy 
 We continue to execute against our long-term balanced growth strategy, which we define as the expansion of earnings at a faster rate than our revenue growth, supported by a less-leveraged and return-driven capital structure. This strategy provides us with the flexibility to increase return on capital, reduce leverage, or increase investment in land and other operating assets in response to changing market conditions. 
 We remain committed to this strategy, which is designed to increase shareholder value by improving our r eturn on assets while reducing operational risk and debt. Our specific objectives at the beginning of fiscal 2021 included generating higher Adjusted EBITDA and double-digit growth in earnings per share, growing our total lot position through higher land spending and increased use of lot option agreements, and retiring at least 50.0 million of debt. 
 For fiscal 2021, we recorded net income of 122.0 million, or 4.01 per diluted share, compared to net income of 52.2 million, or 1.74 per diluted share, for the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA was 262.7 million in fiscal 2021, compared to 204.4 million in the prior year, an increase of 58.3 million, or 28.5 . Over the past five years, we have achieved a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 11.0 for Adjusted EBITDA. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, our land position included 21,987 and 17,830 controlled lots, respectively. Through expansion of our use of lot option agreements, 45.4 and 33.0 of our controlled lots, as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectiv ely, were under option contracts. 
 We repurchased 30.7 million of our Senior Notes and repaid 50.0 million of our Senior Unsecured Term Loan during fiscal 2021. Over the past five years, we repaid a total of 281.4 million of debt. We expect to continue to reduce outstanding debt over time, and we intend to end fiscal 2022 with less than 1.0 billion of outstanding debt. As of September 30, 2021, we had outstanding debt of 1.05 billion . 
 For fiscal 2022, as we are near the end of our near-term deleveraging goal, we will focus on continuing to grow our land position, improving operating margin, delivering extraordinary customer experience, and encouraging employee well-being. 
 Differentiating Beazer Homes 
 We know that our buyers have many choices when purchasing a home. To help us become a builder of choice and thereby achieve the operational objectives we have outlined, we have identified the following three strategic pillars that differentiate Beazer's homes from both resale homes and other newly built homes: 
 Mortgage Choice Most of our buyers need to arrange financing in order to purchase a new home. Unlike many of our major competitors, we have no ownership or other interest in a mortgage company, which allows us to partner with our customers to help them get the most competitive interest rates, fees and service levels available. For every Beazer community, we identify Choice Lenders, who are selected for their ability to provide a comprehensive array of products and programs, meet our high customer service standards and willingness to compete to earn our customer s business. We then provide our customers with an industry-leading online comparison tool that helps them easily compare multiple mortgage offers side-by-side. 
 Choice Plans TM Every family lives in their home differently, which is why we created Choice Plans TM . Choice Plans TM provide our buyers with more floor plan flexibility at no additional cost. For example, buyers of to-be-built homes can typically choose between two different configurations in the kitchen/great room and in the primary bedroom/bathroom based on individual preferences, at no additional cost. Offering these pre-designed floor plan alternatives allows us to offer fewer 
 3 

different plans, which improves efficiency and reduce costs while creating living areas that match an individual buyer's lifestyle. 
 Surprising Performance We place an emphasis on building high-quality homes and delivering outstanding customer experience. All Beazer homes are designed and built to provide Surprising Performance, which means more quality, comfort, and savings. We deliver these benefits through our people, materials, and process. Our homes are built to the latest ENERGY STAR standards, and we provide buyers with an energy rating for their home, completed by a qualified third-party rating company. Used homes typically have a HERS index score (on a scale in which a lower score is better) of 130. As of September 30, 2021, the average new Beazer home has a gross HERS index score o f 56 . Each new Beazer home also comes equipped with powerful technologies, including Category 6 ethernet wiring (Cat6), a centralized network panel and immediate internet connectivity via a LTE Wi-Fi router. In December 2020, Beazer became the first national builder to publicly commit to ensuring that by the end of 2025 every home we build will be Net Zero Energy Ready. Net Zero Energy Ready means that each home will have a gross HERS index score (before any benefit of renewable energy production) of 45 or less, and homeowners will be able to achieve net zero energy consumption by attaching a properly sized renewable energy system. 
 Reportable Business Segments 
 Our active homebuilding operations consist of the design, sale, and construction of single-family and multi-family homes in the following geographic regions, which represent our reportable segments: 
 Segment/State Market(s) West: Arizona Phoenix California Los Angeles County, Placer County, Riverside County, Sacramento County, San Bernardino County, San Diego County, Tulare County Nevada Las Vegas Texas Dallas/Ft. Worth, Houston East: Indiana Indianapolis Maryland/Delaware Anne Arundel County, Baltimore County, Howard County, Sussex County Tennessee Nashville Virginia Arlington County, Fairfax County, Loudoun County, Prince William County, Stafford County Southeast: Florida Orlando, Tampa/St. Petersburg Georgia Atlanta, Savannah North Carolina Raleigh/Durham South Carolina Charleston, Myrtle Beach 
 The following tables summarize certain operating information of our reportable segments, including number of homes closed, the average selling price (ASP) for the periods presented, and units and dollar value in backlog as of September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019. Refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition in Item 7 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 in thousands) Closings Average Selling Price Closings Average Selling Price Closings Average Selling Price West 2,945 377.0 3,206 368.2 2,859 354.3 East 1,185 477.6 1,045 455.7 1,092 463.7 Southeast 1,157 390.2 1,241 370.8 1,549 360.2 Total Company 5,287 402.4 5,492 385.5 5,500 377.7 
 4 

As of September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Units in Backlog Dollar Value in Backlog (in millions) Units in Backlog Dollar Value in Backlog (in millions) Units in Backlog Dollar Value in Backlog (in millions) West 1,653 736.0 1,365 493.7 982 362.5 East 611 302.0 624 301.1 341 155.1 Southeast 522 246.0 520 200.5 385 147.5 Total Company 2,786 1,284.0 2,509 995.3 1,708 665.1 ASP in backlog (in thousands) 460.9 396.7 389.4 
 Seasonal and Quarterly Variability 
 Our homebuilding operating cycle historically has reflected escalating new order activity in the second and third fiscal quarters and increased closings in the third and fourth fiscal quarters. However, these seasonal patterns may be impacted or reduced by a variety of factors. During fiscal 2021, supply chain disruptions as well as our efforts to actively manage sales pace resulted in a shift from our typical seasonal trend such that higher levels of new order activity were observed during the first and second quarters of fiscal 2021, which led to increased closing levels starting in the second fiscal quarter. 
 Markets and Product Description 
 We evaluate a number of factors in determining which geographic markets to enter and remain in as well as which consumer segments to target with our homebuilding activities. We compete in sixteen geog raphic markets across the United States in part to reduce our exposure to any particular regional economy. Within these markets, we build homes in a variety of new home communities. We continually review our sixteen markets based on aggregate demographic information, land prices and availability, competitive dynamics, and our own operating results. We use the results of these reviews to re-allocate our investments generally to those markets where we believe we can maximize our profitability and return on capital. 
 We maintain the flexibility to alter our product mix within a given market, depending on market conditions. In determining our product mix, we consider demographic trends, demand for a particular type of product, product affordability, consumer preferences, land availability, margins, timing, and the economic strength of the market. Depending o n the market, we attempt to address one or more of the following categories of home buyers: entry-level, move-up, or 55+. Within these buyer groups, we have developed detailed targeted buyer profiles based on demographic and psychographic data, including information about marital and family status, employment, age, affluence, special interests, media consumption, and distance moved. Although we offer a selection of amenities and home customization options, we generally do not build custom homes. In all of our home offerings, we attempt to increase customer satisfaction by incorporating quality and energy-efficient materials, distinctive design features, convenient locations, and competitive prices. 
 Gatherings. In 2016, Gatherings by Beazer Homes was officially introduced across several markets within Beazer's geographic footprint through age restricted condominiums. We strive to provide extraordinary value, a strong commitment to customer service, and a quality, lower-maintenance home for those seeking a 55+ lifestyle. In addition to condominiums, we are in the process of expanding the Gatherings brand to include town homes, villas, duets, and single family homes. Our Dallas, Houston, Las Vegas, Nashville, and Orlando markets are actively selling Gatherings homes, while development is currently underway in Atlanta, Maryland, and additional sites in Houston. As of September 30, 2021, we have approved communities representing nearly 765 potential future sales. 
 Marketing and Sales 
 We make extensive use of digital and traditional marketing vehicles and other promotional activities, including our website (www.beazer.com), real estate listing sites, digital advertising (including search engine marketing and display advertising), social media, video, brochures, direct marketing, and out-of-home advertising (including billboards and signage) located in the immediate areas of our developments, as well as additional activities. In connection with these marketing vehicles, we have registered or applied for registration of trademarks and Internet domain names, including Beazer Homes , Gatherings , and Choice Plans TM , for use in our business. 
 In response to the changing needs of consumers, our sales operations continue to improve our virtual sales tools to connect with our customers online, including a 24/7 chatbot feature with live chat support, self-guided tours to allow homebuyers to tour models privately, safely, and outside of normal business hours, and self-service appointments to help customers schedule an appointment with ease and speed. 
 5 

Our practice is to build, decorate, furnish, and landscape model homes for each community we build and maintain on-site sales offices. As of September 30, 2021, we maintained and owned 215 model homes. We believe that model homes play a particularly important role in our selling efforts, and we are co ntinuously innovating within our model homes to provide a unique, memorable, and hands-on experience for our customers, including digital kiosks, interactive site maps/plans, interactive magnetic floor plan boards, interactive Surprising Performance rooms, signage, and more. The selection of interio r features is also a principal component of our marketing and sales efforts. 
 Our homes are customarily sold through commissioned new home sales counselors (who work from the sales offices located in the model homes used in the community) as well as through independent brokers. Our new home counselors are available to assist prospective homebuyers by providing them with floor plans, pricing information, tours of model homes, the community's unique selling proposition, detailed explanations of our differentiators as discussed above, and associated savings opportunities. Sales personnel are trained internally through a structured training program focused on sales techniques, product familiarity, competitive products in the area, construction schedules, and Company policies around compliance, which management believes results in a sales force with extensive knowledge of our operating policies and housing products. Sales personnel must be licensed real estate agents where required by law. 
 We sometimes use various sales incentives in order to attract homebuyers. The use of incentives depends largely on local economic and competitive market conditions. 
 Depending on market conditions, we also at times begin construction on a number of homes for which no signed sales contract exists, known as speculative or spec homes. This speculative inventory satisfies demand by providing near ready or move in ready homes targeted at relocated personnel and others who require a completed home within 60 days. 
 Operational Overview 
 Corporate Operations 
 We perform the following functions at our corporate office to promote standardization and operational excellence: 
 evaluate and select geographic markets; 
 allocate capital resources for land acquisitions; 
 maintain and develop relationships with lenders and capital markets to create and maintain access to financial resources; 
 maintain and develop relationships with national product vendors; 
 perform various centralized functions including accounting, finance, purchasing, legal, risk, planning/design, and marketing activities to support our field operations; 
 operate and manage information systems and technology support operations; and 
 monitor the operations of our divisions and partners. 
 We allocate capital resources in a manner consistent with our overall business strategy. We will vary our capital allocation based on market conditions, results of operations, and other factors. Capital commitments are determined through consultation among executive and operational personnel who play an important role in ensuring that new investments are consistent with our strategy. Financial controls are also maintained through the centralization and standardization of accounting and finance activities, policies, and procedures. 
 Field Operations 
 The development and construction of each new home community is managed by our operating divisions, each of which is led by a regional market leader and/or an area president who reports to our Chief Executive Officer. Within our operating divisions, our field teams are equipped with the skills needed to complete the functions of land acquisition, land entitlement, land development, home construction, local marketing, sales, warranty service, and certain purchasing and planning/design functions. However, the accounting and accounts payable functions of our field operations are concentrated in our national accounting center, which we consider to be part of our corporate operations. 
 6 

Land Acquisition and Development 
 Generally, the land we acquire is purchased only after necessary entitlements have been obtained so that we have the right to begin development or construction as market conditions dictate. The term entitlements refers to subdivision approvals, development agreements, tentative maps, or recorded plats, depending on the jurisdiction in which the land is located. Entitlements generally give a developer the right to obtain building permits upon compliance with conditions that are usually within the developer's control. Although entitlements are ordinarily obtained prior to the purchase of land, we are still required to obtain a variety of other governmental approvals and permits during the development process. In limited circumstances, we will purchase property without all necessary entitlements where we have identified an opportunity to build on such property in a manner consistent with our strategy. 
 We select land for purchase based upon a variety of factors, including: 
 internal and external demographic and marketing studies; 
 suitability for development during the time period of one to five years from the beginning of the development process to the last closing; 
 financial review as to the feasibility of the proposed project, including profit margins and returns on capital employed; 
 the ability to secure governmental approvals and entitlements; 
 environmental and legal due diligence; 
 competition in the area; 
 proximity to local traffic corridors, job centers, and other amenities; and 
 management's judgment of the real estate market and economic trends and our experience in a particular market. 
 We generally purchase land or obtain an option to purchase land, which, in either case, requires certain site improvements prior to home construction. Where required, we then undertake, or the grantor of the option then undertakes in the case of land under option, the development activities (through contractual arrangements with local developers, general contractors, and/or subcontractors), which include site planning and engineering as well as constructing roads, water, sewer, and utility infrastructures, drainage and recreational facilities, and other amenities. When available in certain markets, we also buy finished lots that are ready for home construction. During our fiscal 2021 and 2020, we continued to pursue land acquisition opportunities and develop our land positions, spending approximately 440.8 million and 276.9 million, respectively, for land acquisition and 154.7 million and 163.9 million, respectively, for land development. 
 We strive to develop a design and marketing concept for each of our communities, which includes determination of the size, style, and price range of the homes, layout of streets and individual lots, and overall community design. The product line offered in a particular new home community depends upon many factors, including the housing generally available in the area, the needs of a particular market, and our cost of lots in the new home community. 
 7 

Option Contracts 
 We acquire certain lots by means of option contracts from various sellers and developers, including land banking entities. Option contracts generally require the payment of a cash deposit or issuance of a letter of credit for the right to acquire lots during a specified period of time at a fixed or variable price. 
 Under option contracts, purchase of the underlying properties is contingent upon satisfaction of certain requirements by us and the sellers. Our liability under option contracts is generally limited to forfeiture of the non-refundable deposits, letters of credit, and other non-refundable amounts incurred, which totaled approximately 114.7 million as of September 30, 2021. The total remaining purchase price, net of cash deposits, committed under all land option contracts was 676.1 million as of September 30, 2021. 
 We expect to exercise, subject to market conditions and seller satisfaction of contract terms, substantially all of our opt ion contracts. Various factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as market conditions, weather conditions, and the timing of the completion of development activities, will have a significant impact on the timing of option exercises or whether lot options will be exercised at all. 
 
 The following table summarizes land controlled by us by reportable segment as of September 30, 2021: 
 Lots Owned Lots with Homes Under Construction (a) 
 Finished Lots Lots Under Development Lots Held for Future Development Lots Held for Sale Total Lots Owned Total Lots Under Contract Total Lots Controlled West Arizona 326 205 85 616 693 1,309 California 354 218 744 45 1,361 505 1,866 Nevada 175 286 315 66 842 708 1,550 Texas 1,076 1,142 1,426 168 3,812 3,843 7,655 Total West 1,931 1,851 2,570 66 213 6,631 5,749 12,380 East Indiana 138 124 287 2 551 317 868 Maryland/Delaware 186 503 207 1 897 743 1,640 New Jersey 117 117 117 Tennessee 161 138 211 2 512 1,332 1,844 Virginia 90 34 85 209 266 475 Total East 575 799 790 117 5 2,286 2,658 4,944 Southeast Florida 177 62 233 472 646 1,118 Georgia 163 464 191 818 290 1,108 North Carolina 83 169 179 21 41 493 556 1,049 South Carolina 198 222 773 68 34 1,295 93 1,388 Total Southeast 621 917 1,376 89 75 3,078 1,585 4,663 Total 3,127 3,567 4,736 272 293 11,995 9,992 21,987 
 (a) This category represents lots upon which construction of a home has commenced, including model homes. 

8 

The following table summarizes the dollar value of our land under development, land held for future development, and land held for sale by reportable segment as of September 30, 2021: 
 in thousands Land Under Development Land Held for Future Development Land Held for Sale West 377,516 3,483 4,478 East 135,255 10,888 584 Southeast 135,633 5,508 4,117 Total 648,404 19,879 9,179 
 Construction 
 We typically act as the general contractor for the construction of our new home communities. Our project development activities are controlled by our operating divisions whose employees supervise the construction of each new home community by coordinating the activities of independent subcontractors and suppliers, subjecting their work to quality and cost controls and ensuring compliance with zoning and building codes. We specify that quality, durable materials be used in the construction of our homes. Our subcontractors follow design plans prepared by architects and engineers who are retained or directly employed by us and whose designs are geared to the local market. Our home plans are created in a collaborative effort with industry leading architectural firms, allowing us to stay current with changing home design trends as well as expanding our focus on engineering without sacrificing value for our customers. 
 Agreements with our subcontractors and materials suppliers are generally entered into after a competitive bidding process during which we obtain information from prospective subcontractors and vendors with respect to their financial condition and ability to perform their agreements with us in accordance with the specifications we provide. Subcontractors typically are retained on a project-by-project basis to complete construction at a fixed price. We do not maintain significant inventories of construction materials, except for materials being utilized for homes under construction. We have numerous suppliers of raw materials and services used in our business, and such materials and services have been and continue to be available. However, material prices may fluctuate due to various factors, including demand or supply shortages and the price of certain commodities, which may be beyond the control of us or our vendors. When it is economically advantageous, we enter into regional and national supply contracts with certain of our vendors. We believe that our relationships with our suppliers and subcontractors are good. 
 Warranty Program 
 We currently provide a limited warranty ranging from one to two years covering workmanship and materials per our defined standards. In addition, we provide a limited warranty for up to ten years covering only certain defined structural element failures. 
 Our homebuilding work is performed by subcontractors who typically must agree to indemnify us with regard to their work and provide certificates of insurance demonstrating that they have met our insurance requirements and have named us as an additional insured under their policies. Therefore, many claims relating to workmanship and materials that result in warranty spending are the primary responsibility of these subcontractors. 
 In addition, we maintain third-party insurance, subject to applicable self-insured retentions, for most construction defects that we encounter in the normal course of business. We believe that our warranty and litigation accruals and third-party insurance are adequate to cover the ultimate resolution of our potential liabilities associated with known and anticipated warranty and construction defect related claims and litigation. However, there can be no assurance that the terms and limitations of the limited warranty will be effective against claims made by homebuyers; that we will be able to renew our insurance coverage or renew it at reasonable rates; that we will not be liable for damages, the cost of repairs, and/or the expense of litigation surrounding possible construction defects, soil subsidence, or building related claims; or that claims will not arise out of events or circumstances not covered by insurance and/or not subject to effective indemnification agreements with our subcontractors. Please see Note 9 of notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 9 

Customer Financing 
 As previously mention ed, we do not provide mortgage origination services. Unlike many of our peers, we have no ownership interest in any lender and are able to promote competition among lenders on behalf of our customers through our Mortgage Choice program. Approximately 94 of our fiscal 2021 customers elected to finance a portion of their home purchase. 
 Competition 
 The development and sale of residential properties is highly competitive and fragmented. We compete for residential sales on the basis of a number of interrelated factors, including location, reputation, amenities, design, quality, and price with numerous large and small homebuilders, including many homebuilders with nationwide operations and greater financial resources and/or lower costs than us. We also compete for residential sales with individual resales of existing homes and available rental housing. 
 We utilize our experience within our geographic markets and the breadth of our product line to vary regional product offerings to reflect changing market conditions. We strive to respond to market conditions and to capitalize on the opportunities for advantageous land acquisitions in desirable locations. Our product offerings strive to provide extraordinary value at an affordable price with intentional focus on Millennials and Baby Boomers because they are the two largest demographic groups of potential home buyers. 
 Government Regulation and Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to a variety of local, state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning zoning, building, design, constructions, the availability of water, and matters concerning the protection of health, safety and the environment. These laws may result in delays, cause us to incur substantial compliance and other costs, and prohibit or severely restrict development in certain environmentally sensitive regions or areas. Any delay or refusal from government agencies to grant us necessary licenses, permits and approvals could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 As part of our due diligence process for land acquisitions, we often use third-party environmental consultants to investigate potential environmental risks, and we require disclosures, representations and warranties from land sellers regarding environmental risks. We also take steps prior to our acquisition of the land to gain reasonable assurance as to the precise scope of any remediation work required and the costs associated with removal, site restoration and/or monitoring. To the extent contamination or other environmental issues have occurred in the past, we will attempt to recover restoration costs from third parties, such as the generators of hazardous waste, land sellers or others in the prior chain of title and/or their insurers. 
 In order to provide homes to homebuyers qualifying for Federal Housing Administration (FHA)-insured or Veterans Affairs (VA)-guaranteed mortgages, we must construct homes in compliance with FHA and VA regulations. These laws and regulations include provisions regarding operating procedures, investments, lending, and privacy disclosures and premiums. 
 In some states, we are required to be registered as a licensed contractor and comply with applicable rules and regulations. Also, in various states, our new home counselors are required to be licensed real estate agents and to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to real estate agents. 
 Failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations, where applicable, could result in loss of licensing and a restriction of our business activities in the applicable jurisdiction. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2021, we empl oyed 1,052 persons, of whom 258 were sales and marketing personnel and 257 w ere construction personnel. Although none of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, at times certain of the independent subcontractors engaged by us may be represented by labor unions or may be subject to collective bargaining arrangements. 
 We believe that our employees are critical to our continued growth and success. As a result, a safe and healthy working environment for our employees at every level of our organizations is our highest priority. This includes a health and safety audit system with comprehensive independent third-party inspections, as well as required attendance at certain health and safety related training programs by all of our team members applicable to their respective job responsibilities. 
 Upon the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we rapidly established a cross-functional task-force and deployed enhanced IT resources to facilitate new processes and procedures and keep our teams informed with the most up to date information. We also took a number of additional and unprecedented actions, including temporarily closing our sales centers, model homes and design centers to the general public and shifting to appointment-only interactions with our customers where permitted, as well 
 10 

as modified our construction operations to enforce enhanced safety protocols around social distancing, hygiene, and health screening. 
 We have also adopted ethical practices and policies to direct how we do business. The objectives of our practices and policies underscore this commitment, including: 
 To treat all employees with dignity and respect; 
 To embrace employee diversity and inclusion; 
 To strongly encourage opportunities for training, growth, and advancement; and 
 To uphold ethical standards and comply with applicable laws and our internal guidelines, including a Code of Conduct applicable to all employees and an actively-managed ethics hotline. 
 To put our objectives in action, we consistently measure employee engagement, maintain disciplined equal employment recruiting, hiring and promotion policies, provide company-wide learning and development programs on inclusion (beginning with unconscious bias training for all employees), and review pay practices for fairness and equality with a third-party consultant. 
 Competition for qualified personnel is also intense across our footprint. We believe our competitive advantage lies in our ability to attract and retain talented people who consistently exemplify integrity and respect powerful attributes that enable us to focus on outcomes versus mere hours worked. From competitive compensation and benefits programs, to industry-leading programs such as 12-week parental leave and flexible time off (with no accrual or maximum time away from work), our employee experience is centered on engagement and work-life balance. 
 Available Information 
 Our Internet website address is www.beazer.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file with or furnish them to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and are available in print to any stockholder who requests a printed copy. The public may also read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the S EC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Furthe rmore, the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy statements, information statements and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 In addition, many of our corporate governance documents are available on our website at www.beazer.com. Specifically, our Audit, Finance, Compensation, and Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Charters, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics are available. Each of these documents is also available in print to any stockholder who requests it. 
 The content on our website is available for information purposes only and is not a part of and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. 
 11 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as other information in this Form 10-K, before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock. The occurrence of any of the events described below could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. In such an event, the trading price of our common stock may decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 Business and Market Risks 
 A number of conditions that affect demand for the homes we sell are outside of our control. Many of these conditions, such as interest rates, inflation, employment levels, wage levels and governmental actions also impact consumer confidence, upon which our business is highly dependent. 
 Changes in national and regional economic conditions, as well as local economic conditions where we conduct our operations, may result in more caution on the part of homebuyers and, consequently, fewer home purchases. These economic uncertainties involve, among other things, interest rates, inflation, employment levels, wage growth and governmental actions, all of which are out of our control and affect the affordability of, and demand for, the homes we sell. These conditions also impact consumer confidence, upon which our business is highly dependent. Adverse changes in any of these conditions could decrease demand and pricing for our homes or result in customer cancellations of pending contracts, which could adversely affect the number of h ome sales we make or reduce home prices, either of which could result in a decrease in our revenues and earnings and adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Our business could be materially and adversely disrupted by an epidemic or pandemic (such as the present outbreak and worldwide spread of COVID-19), or similar public threat, or fear of such an event, and the measures that international, federal, state and local governments, agencies, law enforcement and/or health authorities implement to address it. 
 An epidemic, pandemic or similar serious public health issue, and the measures undertaken by governmental authorities to address it, could significantly disrupt or prevent us from operating our business in the ordinary course for an extended period, and thereby, and/or along with any associated economic and/or social instability or distress, have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak of COVID-19 as a global pandemic and recommended containment and mitigation measures. On March 13, 2020, the United States declared a national emergency concerning the outbreak, and many states and municipalities have since declared public health emergencies. Along with these declarations, there have been extraordinary and wide-ranging actions taken by international, federal, state and local public health and governmental authorities to contain and combat the outbreak and spread of COVID-19 in regions across the United States and the world, including quarantines, stay-at-home or "shelter in place" orders and similar mandates for many individuals to substantially restrict daily activities and for many businesses to curtail or cease normal operations. 
 In response to these steps, in mid-March 2020, we temporarily closed our sales centers, model homes and design studios to the general public and shifted to an appointment-only personalized home sales process where permitted, following recommended social distancing and other health and safety protocols when meeting in person with a customer. In addition, we shifted our corporate and division office functions to work remotely. These measures, combined with limiting our construction operations to authorized activities and a reduction in the availability, capacity and efficiency of municipal and private services necessary to the progress of land development, homebuilding, completing mortgage loans and delivering homes, which in each case has varied by market depending on the scope of the restrictions local authorities have established, tempered our sales pace and delayed home deliveries beginning in the latter part of March 2020 and through most of our third fiscal quarter of 2020. We also prioritized our warranty service activities to respond to emergency repair requests, and otherwise on a by-exception basis. While general economic conditions have improved and our operations have since normalized, we are uncertain of the potential full magnitude or duration of the business and economic impacts from the unprecedented public health effort to contain and combat the spread of COVID-19, which include, among other things, significant volatility in financial markets and a sharp decrease in the value of equity securities, including our common stock. In addition, we can provide no assurance as to whether the COVID-19 public health effort will be intensified to such an extent that we will not be able to conduct any business operations in certain of our served markets or at all for an indefinite period. 
 12 

Although we gradually resumed nearly all of our operations with the relaxing of early COVID-19 pandemic control responses beginning in the third quarter of our fiscal 2020, the magnitude and duration of the business and economic impacts from the public health effort to contain and combat the spread of COVID-19 pandemic have produced ongoing uncertainty about the overall operating environment going forward and could negatively impact our business over the medium-to-longer term. Moreover, we can provide no assurance as to whether the COVID-19 public health effort will be intensified to such an extent, particularly in response to any resurgence in infections, whether due to the spread of any variants of the virus or otherwise, that we will not be able to conduct any business operations in certain of our served markets or at all for an indefinite period. Certain of our served markets have also seen a dramatic increase in COVID-19 cases, and more stringent COVID-19 pandemic control responses have been re-instituted. Therefore, we could again experience material disruptions in our operating environment, impairing our ability to sell and build homes in a typical manner, as occurred in during our 2020 fiscal year, or at all, due to, among other things, increased costs or decreased supply of building materials; reduced availability of subcontractors, employees, and other talent, as a result of infections or recommended self-quarantining; or governmental mandates to direct production activities to support public health efforts. This could result in our recognizing charges in future periods, which may be material, for inventory impairments or land option contract abandonments, or both, related to our inventory assets. 
 Should the adverse impacts described above (or others that are currently unknown) occur, whether individually or collectively, we would expect to experience, among other things, decreases in our net new orders, home closings, average selling prices, revenues and profitability, as we did in our second and third fiscal quarters of 2020, and such impacts could be material to our consolidated financial statements for the current fiscal year and beyond. In addition, should public health efforts related to the COVID-19 pandemic intensify to such a degree that we cannot operate in some or all of our served markets, the number of home orders we receive and home closings we complete, if any during such period (which may be prolonged), may be significantly lower than historical norms. Along with an increase in cancellations of home purchase contracts, if there are prolonged government restrictions on our business and our customers, and/or an extended economic recession, we could be unable to produce revenues and cash flows sufficient to conduct our business; meet the terms of our covenants and other requirements under the Facility, our senior notes and the related indenture, and/or mortgages and land contracts due to land sellers and other loans; service our outstanding debt. Such a circumstance could, among other things, exhaust our available liquidity (and ability to access liquidity sources) and/or trigger an acceleration to pay a significant portion or all of our then-outstanding debt obligations, which we may be unable to do. 
 Because almost all of our customers require mortgage financing, increases in interest rates could negatively affect the affordability of the homes we sell. In addition, reductions in mortgage availability or increases in the effective costs of owning a home could prevent our customers from buying our homes and adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 Substantially all of the purchasers of our homes finance their acquisition with mortgage financing. Mortgage interest rates have remained low compared to most historical periods for the last several years, which has made the homes we sell more affordable. Mortgage rates continuously fell in fiscal years 2019 and 2020 due in part to Federal Reserve interest rate reductions, but stagnated during fiscal year 2021 due to rising economic and financial market uncertainties. Given the volatility in interest rates, we cannot predict whether interest rates will continue to fall or remain low or rise. Increases in interest rat es increase the costs of owning a home and could adversely affect the purchasing power of consumers and lower demand for the homes we sell, which could result in a decrease in our revenues and earnings and adversely affect our financial condition. 
 The availability of mortgage financing is significantly influenced by governmental entities such as the Federal Housing Administration, Veteran s Administration and Government National Mortgage Association and government-sponsored enterprises known as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. If these or other lenders borrowing standards are tightened and/or the federal government were to reduce or eliminate these mortgage loan programs (including due to any failure of lawmakers to agree on a budget or appropriation legislation to fund relevant programs or operations), it would likely make it more difficult for our customers to obtain acceptable financing, which would, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Mortgage interest expense and real estate taxes represent significant costs of homeownership. Therefore, when there are changes in federal or state income tax laws that eliminate or substantially limit the income tax deductions relating to these expenses, the after-tax costs of owning a new home can increase significantly. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which was enacted in December 2017, includes provisions that impose significant limitations with respect to these income tax deductions. Under this legislation, through the end of 2025, the annual deduction for real estate property taxes and state and local income or sales taxes has been limited to a combined amount of 10,000 5,000 in the case of a separate return filed by a married individual). In addition, through the end of 2025, the deduction for mortgage interest will generally only be available with respect to acquisition indebtedness that does not exceed 750,000 375,000 in the case of a separate return filed by a married individual). There also continues to be meaningful discussion around certain proposed tax legislation contemplated by the Biden administration, including increasing the U.S. corporate tax rate, as well as long standing discussions within the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD ). It is unclear at this time which of these proposals, if 
 13 

any, may be enacted and how these various provisions will interact on a local, country and global scale. We believe changes such as these adversely impact or, in case of the proposed tax legislation, could adversely impact the demand for and sales prices of homes in certain markets, including parts of California, Maryland, and Virginia, and therefore could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unsuccessful in competing against our competitors, our market share could decline or our growth could be impeded and, as a result, our financial condition and results of operations could suffer. 
 Competition in the homebuilding industry is intense, and there are relatively low barriers to entry into our business. Increased competition could hurt our business, as it could prevent us from acquiring attractive parcels of land on which to build homes or make such acquisitions more expensive, hinder our market share expansion and lead to pricing pressures on our homes that may adversely impact our margins and revenues. If we are unable to successfully compete, our financial results could suffer and our ability to service our debt could be adversely affected. Our competitors may independently develop land and construct housing units that are superior or substantially similar to our products. Furthermore, many of our competitors have substantially greater financial resources, less leverage and lower costs of funds and operations than we do. Many of these competitors also have longstanding relationships with subcontractors and suppliers in the markets in which we operate. We currently build in several of the top markets in the nation and, therefore, we expect to continue to face additional competition from new entrants into our markets. 
 The homebuilding industry is cyclical. A downturn in the industry could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 During periods of downturn in the homebuilding industry, housing markets across the United States may experience an oversupply of both new and resale home inventory, an increase in foreclosures, reduced levels of consumer demand for new homes, increased cancellation rates, aggressive price competition among homebuilders and increased incentives for home sales. In the event of a downturn, we may experience a material reduction in revenues and margins and our financial condition as well as our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The market value of our land and/or homes may decline, leading to impairments or other charges and reduced profitability. 
 We regularly acquire land for replacement and expansion of our land inventory within our existing and new markets. The market value of land, building lots and housing inventories can fluctuate significantly as a result of changing market conditions. While we employ measures to manage inventory risk, we may not be able to adequately insulate our operations from a severe drop in inventory values. As a result, we may incur impairment charges or have to sell land at a loss. For example, during the second quarter of fiscal 2019, we recognized impairments of 110.0 million on projects in progress and 38.6 million on land held for sale. See Note 5 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K. In addition, when market conditions are such that land values are not appreciating, option contracts previously entered into may become less desirable, at which time we may elect to forgo deposits and pre-acquisition costs and terminate the agreements, which could result in abandonment charges. Material impairment charges, abandonment charges or other write-downs of assets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Negative publicity or poor relations with the residents of our communities could negatively impact sales, which could cause our revenues or results of operations to decline. 
 Unfavorable media related to our industry, company, brands, marketing, personnel, operations, business performance, or prospects may affect our stock price and the performance of our business, regardless of its accuracy or inaccuracy. Our success in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. Adverse publicity or negative commentary on social media outlets could hurt operating results, as consumers might avoid or protest brands that receive bad press or negative reviews. Negative publicity may result in a decrease in our operating results. In addition, residents of communities we develop may look to us to resolve issues or disputes that may arise in connection with the operation or development of their communities. Efforts made by us to resolve these issues or disputes could be deemed unsatisfactory by the affected residents, and subsequent actions by these residents could adversely affect sales or our reputation. 

14 

Operational, Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Supply shortages and other risks related to the demand for skilled labor and building materials could increase costs, delay deliveries and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The residential construction industry experiences price fluctuations and shortages in labor and materials from time to time. Shortages in labor can be due to shortages in qualified trades people, changes in immigration laws and trends in labor migration, lack of availability of adequate utility infrastructure and services, or our need to rely on local subcontractors who may not be adequately capitalized or insured. Shortages of materials can be due to certain disruptions, such as natural disasters, civil or political unrest, trade disputes, difficulties in production or delivery or health issues like the COVID-19 pandemic. Labor and material shortages can be more severe during periods of strong demand for housing or during periods in which the markets where we operate experience natural disasters such as hurricanes or flooding as discussed more fully below. Pricing for labor and materials can be affected by the factors discussed above, changes in energy prices, and various other national, regional and local economic and political factors. For example, government imposed tariffs and trade regulations on imported building supplies have, and in the future could have, significant impacts on the cost to construct our homes. Such measures limit our ability to control costs, which if we are not able to successfully offset such increased costs through higher sales prices, could adversely affect our margins on the homes we build. 
 Our long-term success depends on our ability to acquire finished lots and undeveloped land suitable for residential homebuilding at reasonable prices, in accordance with our land investment criteria. 
 The homebuilding industry is highly competitive for suitable land and the risk inherent in purchasing and developing land increases as consumer demand for housing increases. The availability of finished and partially finished developed lots and undeveloped land for purchase that meet our investment criteria depends on a number of factors outside our control, including land availability in general, competition with other homebuilders and land buyers, inflation in land prices, zoning, allowable housing density, the ability to obtain building permits and other regulatory requirements. Should suitable lots or land become less available, the number of homes we may be able to build and sell could be reduced, and the cost of land could increase, perhaps substantially, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 As competition for suitable land increases, the cost of acquiring both finished and undeveloped lots and the cost of developing owned land could rise, and the availability of suitable land at acceptable prices may decline, which could adversely impact our financial results. The availability of suitable land assets could also affect the success of our land acquisition strategy and ultimately our long-term strategic goals by impacting our ability to increase the number of actively selling communities, grow our revenues and margins and achieve or maintain profitability. 
 Reduced numbers of home sales extend the time it takes us to recover land purchase and property development costs, negatively impacting profitability and our results of operations. 
 We incur many costs even before we begin to build homes in a community. Depending on the stage of development a land parcel is in when we acquire it, these may include costs of preparing land, finishing and entitling lots, installing roads, sewers, water systems and other utilities, taxes and other costs related to ownership of the land on which we plan to build homes. If the rate at which we sell and deliver homes slows, or if we delay the opening of new home communities, we may incur additional pre-construction costs and it may take longer for us to recover our costs, which could adversely affect our profitability and results of operations. 
 We could experience a reduction in home sales and revenues due to our inability to acquire and develop land for our communities if we are unable to obtain reasonably priced financing. 
 The homebuilding industry is capital intensive and homebuilding requires significant up-front expenditures to acquire land and to begin development. Accordingly, we incur substantial indebtedness to finance our homebuilding activities. If internally generated funds are not sufficient, we would seek additional capital in the form of equity or debt financing from a variety of potential sources, including additional bank financing and/or securities offerings. The amount and types of indebtedness that we may incur are limited by the terms of our existing debt. In addition, the availability of borrowed funds, especially for land acquisition and construction financing, may be greatly reduced nationally, and the lending community may require increased amounts of equity to be invested in a project by borrowers in connection with both new loans and the extension of existing loans. The credit and capital markets have continued to experience significant volatility. If we are required to seek additional financing to fund our operations, the volatility in these markets may restrict our flexibility to access such financing. If we are not successful in obtaining sufficient capital to fund our planned capital and other expenditures, we may be unable to acquire land for our housing developments, thereby limiting our anticipated growth and community count. Additionally, if we cannot obtain additional financing to fund the purchase of land under our option contracts, we may incur contractual penalties and fees. 
 15 

An increase in cancellation rates may negatively impact our business and lead to imprecise estimates related to homes to be delivered in the future (backlog). 
 Our backlog reflects the number and value of homes for which we have entered into a sales contract with a customer but have not yet delivered the home. Although these sales contracts typically require a cash deposit and do not make the sale contingent on the sale of the customer's existing home, in some cases a customer may cancel the contract and receive a complete or partial refund of the deposit as a result of local laws or as a matter of our business practices. If industry or economic conditions deteriorate or if mortgage financing becomes less accessible, more homebuyers may have an incentive to cancel their contracts with us, even where they might be entitled to no refund or only a partial refund, rather than complete the purchase. Significant cancellations have had, and could have, a material adverse effect on our business as a result of lost sales revenue and the accumulation of unsold housing inventory. It is important to note that both backlog and cancellation metrics are operational, rather than accounting data, and should be used only as a general gauge to evaluate our performance. There is an inherent imprecision in these metrics based on an evaluation of qualitative factors during the transaction cycle. 
 Inflation may adversely affect us by increasing costs beyond what we can recover through price increases. 
 Inflation can adversely affect us by increasing costs of land, materials and labor. In addition, inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates. In an inflationary environment, depending on homebuilding industry and other economic conditions, we may be unable to raise home prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which would reduce our profit margins. Given the inflation rates in fiscal year 2021, we have experienced, and continue to experience, increases in the prices of land, labor and materials. 
 Natural disasters and other related events could result in delays in land development or home construction, increase our costs or decrease demand in the impacted areas. 
 The climates and geology of many of the states in which we operate, including California, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and certain mid-Atlantic states, present increased risks of natural disasters. To the extent that hurricanes, tornadoes, severe storms, heavy or prolonged precipitation, earthquakes, droughts, floods, wildfires or other natural disasters or similar events occur, our homes under construction or our building lots in such states could be damaged or destroyed, which may result in losses exceeding our insurance coverage. For example, in fiscal 2017 and 2018, Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Florence disrupted our operations in Texas, Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina, which resulted in what we believe were temporary reductions in sales and closings. Natural disasters can also lead to increased competition for subcontractors, which can delay our progress even after the event has concluded. Additionally, and as discussed above, increased competition for skilled labor can lead to cost overruns, as we may have to incentivize the impacted region s limited trade base to work on our homes. Finally, natural disasters and other related events may also temporarily impact demand, as buyers are not as willing to shop for new homes during or after the event. These risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may incur additional operating expenses or longer construction cycle times due to compliance programs or fines, penalties and remediation costs pertaining to environmental regulations within our markets. Additionally, any violations of such regulations could harm our reputation, thereby negatively impacting our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to a variety of local, state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning the protection of health and the environment. The particular environmental laws that apply to any given community vary greatly according to the location of the community site, the site's environmental conditions and the present and former use of the site. Environmental laws may result in delays, may cause us to implement time consuming and expensive compliance programs and may prohibit or severely restrict development in certain environmentally sensitive regions or areas. From time to time, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and similar federal or state agencies review homebuilders' compliance with environmental laws and may levy fines and penalties for failure to strictly comply with applicable environmental laws or impose additional requirements for future compliance as a result of past failures. Any such actions taken with respect to us may increase our costs or harm our reputation. Further, we expect that increasingly stringent requirements will be imposed on homebuilders in the future. Environmental regulations can also have an adverse impact on the availability and price of certain raw materials such as lumber. Our communities in California are especially susceptible to restrictive government regulations and environmental laws, particularly surrounding water usage due to continuing drought conditions within that region. 
 In addition, there is a growing concern from advocacy groups and the general public that the emissions of greenhouse gases and other human activities have caused, or will cause, significant changes in weather patterns and temperatures and the frequency and severity of natural disasters. Government mandates, standards and regulations enacted in response to these projected climate changes impacts could result in restrictions on land development in certain areas or increased energy, transportation and raw material costs that may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 16 

We are subject to extensive government regulation, which could cause us to incur significant liabilities or restrict our business activities. 
 Regulatory requirements could cause us to incur significant liabilities and operating expenses and could restrict our business activities. We are subject to local, state and federal statutes and rules regulating, among other things, certain developmental matters, building and site design, the availability of water and matters concerning the protection of health, safety and the environment. Our operating costs may be increased by governmental regulations, such as building permit allocation ordinances and impact and other fees and taxes, which may be imposed to defray the cost of providing certain governmental services and improvements. Other governmental regulations, such as building moratoriums and no growth or slow growth initiatives, which may be adopted in communities that have developed rapidly, may cause delays in new home communities or otherwise restrict our business activities, resulting in reductions in our revenues. Any delay or refusal from government agencies to grant us necessary licenses, permits and approvals could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be subject to significant potential liabilities as a result of construction defect, product liability and warranty claims made against us. 
 As a homebuilder, we have been, and continue to be, subject to construction defect, product liability and home warranty claims, including moisture intrusion and related claims, arising in the ordinary course of business. These claims are common to the homebuilding industry and can be costly. 
 With respect to certain general liability exposures, including construction defect claims, product liability claims and related claims, assessment of claims and the related liability and reserve estimation process is highly judgmental due to the complex nature of these exposures and unique circumstances of each claim. Furthermore, once claims are asserted for construction defects, it can be difficult to determine the extent to which the assertion of these claims will expand geographically. Although we have obtained insurance for construction defect claims, such policies may not be available or adequate to cover liability for damages, the cost of repairs and/or the expense of litigation. Current and future claims may arise out of events or circumstances not covered by insurance and not subject to effective indemnification agreements with our subcontractors. 
 At any given time, we are the subject of pending civil litigation that could require us to pay substantial damages or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Certain of our subsidiaries have been named in class action and multi-party lawsuits regarding claims made by homebuyers. We are also party to putative class action lawsuits related to the inventory impairment charges we recognized during fiscal 2019. We cannot predict or determine the timing or final outcome of the current lawsuits, or the effect that any adverse determinations the lawsuits may have on us. An unfavorable determination in any of the lawsuits could result in the payment by us of substantial monetary damages that may not be covered by insurance. Further, the legal costs associated with the lawsuits and the amount of time required to be spent by management and the Board of Directors on these matters, even if we are ultimately successful, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition to expenses incurred to defend the Company in these matters, under Delaware law and our bylaws, we may have an obligation to indemnify our current and former officers and directors in relation to these matters. We have obligations to advance legal fees and expenses to directors and certain officers. 
 Our insurance carriers may seek to rescind or deny coverage with respect to certain of the pending lawsuits, or we may not have sufficient coverage under such policies. If the insurance companies are successful in rescinding or denying coverage, or if we do not have sufficient coverage under our policies, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 17 

Our operating expenses could increase if we are required to pay higher insurance premiums or litigation costs for various claims, which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, our insurance policies may not offset our entire expense due to limitation in coverages, amounts payable under the policies or other related restrictions. 
 The costs of insuring against construction defect, product liability and director and officer claims are substantial. Increasingly in recent years, lawsuits (including class action lawsuits) have been filed against builders, asserting claims of personal injury and property damage. Our insurance may not cover all of the claims, including personal injury claims, or such coverage may become prohibitively expensive. If we are not able to obtain adequate insurance against these claims, we may experience losses that could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations, as well as our cash flows. 
 Historically, builders have recovered from subcontractors and their insurance carriers a significant portion of the construction defect liabilities and costs of defense that the builders have incurred. However, insurance coverage available to subcontractors for construction defects is becoming increasingly expensive and the scope of coverage is restricted. If we cannot effectively recover from our subcontractors or their carriers, we may suffer even greater losses. 
 A builder's ability to recover against any available insurance policy depends upon the continued solvency and financial strength of the insurance carrier that issued the policy. Many of the states in which we build homes have lengthy statutes of limitations applicable to claims for construction defects. To the extent that any carrier providing insurance coverage to us or our subcontractors becomes insolvent or experiences financial difficulty in the future, we may be unable to recover on those policies, thereby negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are dependent on the services of certain key employees and the loss of their services could hurt our business. 
 Our future success depends upon our ability to attract, train and retain skilled personnel, including officers and directors. If we are unable to retain our key employees or attract, train or retain other skilled personnel in the future, it could hinder our business strategy and impose additional costs of identifying and training new individuals. Competition for qualified personnel in all of our operating markets, as well as within our corporate operations, is intense. 
 Terrorist attacks or acts of war against the United States or increased domestic or international instability could have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 Adverse developments in the war on terrorism, terrorist attacks against the United States or any outbreak or escalation of hostilities between the United States and any foreign power may cause disruption to the economy, our Company, our employees and our customers, which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Information technology failures, cybersecurity breaches or data security breaches could harm our business. 
 We use information technology and other computer resources to perform important operational and marketing activities and to maintain our business records. Certain of these resources are provided to us and/or maintained by third-party service providers pursuant to agreements that specify certain security and service level standards. Our computer systems, including our back-up systems and portable electronic devices, and those of our third-party providers, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunication failures, computer viruses, security breaches including malware and phishing, cyberattacks, natural disasters, usage errors by our employees or contractors and other related risks. As part of our normal business activities, we collect and store certain confidential information, including information about employees, homebuyers, customers, vendors and suppliers. This information is entitled to protection under a number of regulatory regimes. We share some of this information with third parties who assist us with certain aspects of our business. A significant and extended disruption of or breach of security related to our computer systems and back-up systems may result in business disruption, damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, sales and revenue, result in the unintended misappropriation of proprietary, personal and confidential information and require us to incur significant expense to remediate or otherwise resolve these issues including financial obligations to third parties, fines, penalties, regulatory proceedings and private litigation with potentially large costs and other competitive disadvantages. While, to date, we have not had a significant cybersecurity breach or attack that had a material impact on our business or results of operations, there can be no assurance that our efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. 

18 

Financial and Liquidity Risks 
 Our access to capital and our ability to obtain additional financing could be affected by any downgrade of our credit ratings, as well as limitations in the capital markets or adverse credit market conditions. 
 The Company's credit rating and ratings on our senior notes and our current credit condition affect, among other things, our ability to access new capital, especially debt. Negative changes in these ratings may result in more stringent covenants and higher interest rates under the terms of any new debt. If our credit ratings are lowered or rating agencies issue adverse commentaries in the future, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In particular, a weakening of our financial condition, including a significant increase in our leverage or decrease in our profitability or cash flows, could adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary funds, result in a credit rating downgrade or change in outlook, or otherwise increase our cost of borrowing. 
 Our senior notes, revolving credit facility, letter of credit facilities and certain other debt impose significant restrictions and obligations on us. Restrictions on our ability to borrow could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition, limit our growth and make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations. 
 Our senior notes, revolving credit facility, unsecured term loan, letter of credit facilities and other debt impose certain restrictions and obligations on us. Under certain of these instruments, we must comply with defined covenants that limit our ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, engage in certain asset sales, make certain types of restricted payments, engage in transactions with affiliates and create liens on our assets. Failure to comply with certain of these covenants could result in an event of default under the applicable instrument. Any such event of default could negatively impact other covenants or lead to cross defaults under certain of our other debt agreements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any waivers or amendments that may become necessary in the event of a future default situation without significant additional cost or at all. 
 Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to us and the holders of our securities, including, among other things: 
 causing us to be unable to satisfy our obligations under our debt agreements; 
 causing us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing indebtedness if interest rates rise; 
 making us more vulnerable to adverse general economic and industry conditions; 
 making it difficult to fund future working capital, land purchases, acquisitions, capital expenditures, share repurchases, general corporate or other activities; and 
 causing us to be limited in our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business. 
 In addition, subject to the restrictions of our existing debt instruments, we may incur additional indebtedness. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face could intensify. Our growth plans and our ability to make payments of principal or interest on, or to refinance, our indebtedness will depend on our future operating performance and our ability to enter into additional debt and/or equity financings. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows in the future to service our debt, we may be required to refinance all or a portion of our existing debt, to sell assets or to obtain additional financing. We may not be able to do any of the foregoing on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 
 The tax benefits of our pre-ownership change net operating loss carryforwards and built-in losses were substantially limited since we experienced an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, and portions of our deferred income tax asset have been written off since they were not fully realizable. Any subsequent ownership change, should it occur, could have a further impact on these tax attributes. 
 Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code contains rules that limit the ability of a company that undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as any change in ownership of more than 50 of its common stock over a three-year period, to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards, tax credits and certain built-in losses or deductions, as of the ownership change date, that are recognized during the five-year period after the ownership change. These rules generally operate by focusing on changes in the ownership among shareholders owning, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of the company's common stock (including changes involving a shareholder becoming a 5 shareholder) or any change in ownership arising from a new issuance of stock or share repurchases by the company. 
 19 

We believe we have significant built-in losses in our assets, i.e., an excess tax basis over current fair market value, which may result in tax losses as such assets are sold. Net operating losses and tax credits generally may be carried forward for a 20-year period to offset future earnings and reduce our federal income tax liability. Any net operating losses created during or after our fiscal 2019 may be carried forward indefinitely; however, the loss can only be utilized to offset 80 of taxable income generated in a tax year. Built-in losses, if and when recognized, generally will result in tax losses that may then be deducted or carried forward. However, we experienced an ownership change under Section 382 as of January 12, 2010. As a result of this previous ownership change for purposes of Section 382, our ability to use certain net operating loss carryforwards, tax credits and built-in losses or deductions in existence prior to the ownership change was limited by Section 382. We cannot predict or control the occurrence or timing of another ownership change in the future. If another ownership change were to occur, the limitations imposed by Section 382 could result in a material amount of our net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits expiring unused and, therefore, significantly impair the future value of our deferred tax assets. 
 Our certificate of incorporation prohibits certain transfers of our common stock that could result in an ownership change. In addition, we are party to a rights agreement intended to act as a deterrent to any person desiring to acquire 4.95 or more of our common stock. In February 2019, our stockholders approved an extension of these protective provisions in our certificate of incorporation and the rights agreement, which as a result are scheduled to expire on November 2022. Any extension of these protective provisions and our entry into a new rights agreement will require additional approval by our stockholders. We cannot guarantee that the requisite stockholder approvals will be obtained. In addition, neither the protective provisions nor the rights agreement offer a complete solution, and an ownership change may occur even if the protective provisions of our charter are extended and a new rights agreement is approved upon expiration. The protective provisions of our certificate of incorporation may not be enforceable against all stockholders and may not prevent all stock transfers that have the potential to cause a Section 382 ownership shift, and the rights agreement may deter, but ultimately cannot block, all transfers of our common stock that might result in an ownership change. 
 The realization of all or a portion of our deferred income tax assets (including net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits) is dependent upon the generation of future income during the statutory carryforward periods. Our inability to utilize our limited pre-ownership change net operating loss carryforwards, tax credits and recognized built-in losses or deductions, or the occurrence of a future ownership change and resulting additional limitations to these tax attributes, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Inefficient or ineffective allocation of capital could adversely affect our operating results and/or stockholder value. 
 Our goal is to allocate capital to maximize our overall long-term returns. This includes spending on capital projects, such as developing strategic businesses (e.g., the launch of our Gatherings business in 2016 to meet the needs of the growing 55 plus segment) and acquiring other homebuilders with the potential to strengthen our industry position. In addition, from time to time we may engage in bond repurchases to reduce our indebtedness and return value to our stockholders through share repurchases. If we do not properly allocate our capital, we may fail to produce optimal financial results and we may experience a reduction in stockholder value, including increased volatility in our stock price. 
 Risk Relating to an Investment in our Common Stock 
 Our stock price is volatile and could decline. 
 The securities markets in general and our common stock in particular have experienced significant price and volume volatility over the past several years. The market price and volume of our common stock may continue to experience significant fluctuations due not only to general stock market conditions, but also to a change in sentiment in the market regarding our industry, operations or business prospects. The price and volume volatility of our common stock may be affected by: 
 operating results that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
 factors influencing home purchases, such as higher interest rates and availability of home mortgage loans, credit criteria applicable to prospective borrowers, ability to sell existing residences and homebuyer sentiment in general; 
 the operating and securities price performance of companies that investors consider comparable to us; 
 announcements of strategic developments, acquisitions and other material events by us or our competitors; and 
 changes in global financial markets and global economies and general market conditions, such as interest rates, commodity and equity prices and the value of financial assets. 
 Our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or otherwise use our common stock as consideration is impacted by the price of our common stock. A low stock price may adversely impact our ability to reduce our financial leverage, as measured 
 20 

by the ratio of total debt to total capital. Continued high levels of leverage or significant increases may adversely affect our credit ratings and make it more difficult for us to access additional capital. These factors may limit our ability to implement our operating and growth plans. 
 We experience fluctuations and variability in our operating results on a quarterly basis and, as a result, our historical performance may not be a meaningful indicator of future results. 
 We historically have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, variability in home sales and earnings on a quarterly basis. As a result of such variability, our historical performance may not be a meaningful indicator of future results. Our quarterly results of operations may continue to fluctuate in the future as a result of a variety of both national and local factors, including, among others: 
 the timing of home closings and land sales; 
 our ability to continue to acquire additional land or secure option contracts to acquire land on acceptable terms; 
 conditions of the real estate market in areas where we operate and of the general economy; 
 inventory impairments or other material write-downs; 
 raw material and labor shortages; 
 seasonal home buying patterns; and 
 other changes in operating expenses, including the cost of labor and raw materials, personnel and general economic conditions. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had under lease appro ximately 32,300 square feet of office space in Atlanta, Georgia to house our corporate headquarters. We also lease and own an aggregate of approxima tely 152,000 and 4,500 s quare feet of office space, respectively, for our divisional and shared services operations at various locations. All facilities are in good condition, adequately utilized, and sufficient to meet our present operating needs. 
 Due to the nature of our business, significant amounts of property are held by us as inventory in the ordinary course of our homebuilding operations. See Note 5 of notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K for a further discussion of our inventory. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Litigation 
 In the normal course of business, we are subject to various lawsuits. We cannot predict or determine the timing or final outcome of these lawsuits or the effect that any adverse findings or determinations in pending lawsuits may have on us. In addition, an estimate of possible loss or range of loss, if any, cannot presently be made with respect to certain of these pending matters. An unfavorable determination in any of the pending lawsuits could result in the payment by us of substantial monetary damages that may not be fully covered by insurance. Further, the legal costs associated with the lawsuits and the amount of time required to be spent by management and our Board of Directors on these matters, even if we are ultimately successful, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 For a discussion of our legal proceedings, see Note 9 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 21 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 The Company lists its common stock on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol BZH. On November 5, 2021, the last reported sales price of the Company's common stock on the NYSE was 18.74, and we had approximately 205 stockholders of record and 31,294,498 shares of common stock outstanding. 
 Dividends 
 The indentures u nder which our senior notes were issued contain certain restrictive covenants, including limitations on the payment of dividends. There were no dividends paid during our fiscal 2021, 2020, or 2019. The Board of Directors will periodically reconsider the declaration of dividends, assuming payment of dividends is not limited under our indentures. The reinstatement of quarterly dividends, the amount of such dividends and the form in which the dividends are paid (cash or stock) will depend upon our financial condition, results of operations, and other factors that the Board of Directors deems relevant. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table provides information about the Company's shares of common stock that may be issued under our existing equity compensation plans as of September 30, 2021, all of which have been approved by our stockholders: 
 Plan Category Number of Common Shares to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Common Shares Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 114,259 17.89 1,949,496 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 22 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph illustrates the cumulative total stockholder return on Beazer Homes' common stock for the last five fiscal years through September 30, 2021 as compared to the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Homebuilding Index. The comparison assumes an investment of 100 at September 30, 2016 in Beazer Homes' common stock and in each of the benchmark indices specified, assumes that all dividends were reinvested, and accounts for the impact of any stock splits, where applicable. Stockholder returns over the indicated period are based on historical data and should not be considered indicative of future stockholder returns. 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 u Beazer Homes USA, Inc. 160.72 90.05 127.78 113.20 147.94 g S P 500 Index 118.61 139.85 145.80 167.89 218.26 p S P 500 Homebuilding Index 131.67 127.26 164.71 221.89 249.18 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 Part II, Item 6 is no longer required as the Company has adopted the changes to Item 301 of Regulation S-K contained in SEC Release No. 33-10890. 
 23 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is intended to help the reader understand our Company, business, operations and present business environment and is provided as a supplement to, and should be read together with the sections entitled Risk Factors, Selected Financial D ata, and the financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 In addition, the statements in this discussion and analysis regarding industry outlook, our expectations regarding the performance of our business, anticipated financial results, liquidity and the other non-historical statements are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in Forward-Looking Statements and in Risk Factors above. Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. 
 Executive Overview and Outlook 
 Market Conditions 
 The demand for new and existing homes is dependent on a variety of demographic and economic factors, including job and wage growth, household formation, consumer confidence, mortgage financing, and overall housing affordability. As we began our fiscal 2021, the U.S. economy had begun to recover from the severe impacts of the initial onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in early 2020, and housing market conditions were generally healthy. 
 Demand for new homes in our markets was strong throughout fiscal 2021. Many factors contributed to this level of demand, including historically low mortgage interest rates, a structural shortage of homes to purchase, favorable demographics, as well as workplace changes as a result of the pandemic. The strong demand also contributed to a rise in home prices. Fiscal 2021 was also impacted by a variety of supply chain disruptions, including increases in labor and direct building costs, as well as lack of availability of certain materials and construction labor. In response to elongated construction cycle times caused by supply chain disruptions, we proactively limited sales in a number of communities during the latter half of the fiscal year to better align sales pace with our production capacity. While we have been carefully managing our sales pace, the supply chain for labor and materials continues to negatively impact construction cycle times. 
 The magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic remains unknown. If economic conditions deteriorate, we may experience material declines in our net new orders, closings, revenues, cash flow and/or profitability in fiscal 2022, compared to the corresponding prior-year periods, and compared to our expectations. In addition, if conditions in the overall housing market or in a specific market worsen in the future beyond our current expectations, if future changes in our business strategy significantly affect any key assumptions used in our projections of future cash flows, or if there are material changes in any of the other items we consider in assessing recoverability, we may recognize charges in future periods for inventory impairments related to our current inventory assets. Any such charges could be material to our consolidated financial statements. For further discussion of the potential impacts on our business from the COVID-19 pandemic, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors above. 
 Balanced Growth Strategy 
 Fiscal 2021 represented continued progress towards the execution of our balanced growth strategy. Specifically, we believe our strong improvements in sales pace, homes in backlog, average selling price, homebuilding gross margin, operating margin, lot count, and use of lot option agreements have positioned us well for fiscal 2022 growth. We have also successfully improved our balance sheet by reducing our debt balance, which puts us closer to our goal of having less than 1.0 billion of outstanding debt by the end of fiscal 2022. 
 As we begin to look to 2022, we see continued strength in market demand, although higher home prices relative to income growth and disciplined industry-wide mortgage underwriting are likely to moderate the extent of home price appreciation. We believe the combination of demographics, household formation, workplace changes, and the structural deficit in new home supply will keep housing market fundamentals strong for some time to come. Our focus for fiscal 2022 will be to increase our land acquisition and development investments and continue our use of lot option agreements to support future community count growth. In addition to growing our land position, we expect to emphasize the following strategic business objectives in fiscal 2022: 
 Improve operating margin - Our operating margin increased by 320 basis points to 6.9 for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 3.7 for the year ended September 30, 2020. We remain focused on improving overhead cost management in relation to our revenue growth to drive operating margin improvement. 
 24 

Deliver extraordinary customer experience - We regularly survey our customers throughout the homebuyer journey to measure and improve the customer experience, including through use of third-party customer surveys such as Trustbuilder and GuildQuality. In fiscal 2022, we remain focused on delivering extraordinary value and a great customer experience for our homebuyers. 
 Encourage employee well-being - We believe that our employees are critical to our continued growth and success. We consistently measure employee engagement and remain focused on delivering programs that enhance employee engagement and work-life balance. 
 Overview of Results for Our Fiscal 2021 
 The following is a summary of our performance against certain key operating and financial metrics during fiscal 2021: 
 Sales per community per month was 3.7 and 3.2 for th e fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in sales pace is reflecti ve of the high demand for new homes primarily driven by low interest rates, short supply of homes, and consumers' reassessment of living arrangements. Given the high demand and construction cycle time constraints, we have deliberately slowed down sales in a number of our communities during the latter half of the fiscal year to better align sales pace with production capacity, to ensure a positive customer experience, and to drive price appreciation to maximize margins. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2021, our net new orders decreased to 5,564, down 11.6 from the prior year. Our average active community count of 127 was down 22.3 from the prior year. We ended the year with an active community count of 117 in part due to strong sales pace experienced during fiscal 2021 as well as the temporary red uction in land spend during fiscal 2020. We are w orking to rebuild community counts by investing in new communities. We invested 595.5 million and 440.8 million in land acquisition and land development during the year ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2021, our land position includes 21,987 controlled lots, up 23.3 from 17,830 from the prior year. Excluding land held for future development and land held for sale lots, we controlled 21,422 active lots, up 26.7 from a year earlier. Through expansion of our use of lot option agreements, as of September 30, 2021 , we had 9,992 lots, or 46.6 of our total active lots, under option contracts as compared to 5,878 lots, or 34.8 of our total active lots, under option contracts as of September 30, 2020. 
 Aggregated dollar value of homes in backlog as of September 30, 2021 was 1,284.0 million, up 29.0 compared to the prior year. As a result of our strong sales pace, we ended the year with 2,786 homes in backlog, up 11.0 compared to the prior year. ASP in backlog as of September 30, 2021 has risen 16.2 versus the prior year to 460.9 thousand. 
 Homebuilding gross margin for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 was 18.9 , up from 16.4 in t he prior year. Homebuilding gross margin excluding impairments, abandonments, and interest for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 was 23.0 , up from 21.0 in the prior year. Our homebuilding gross margin has been favorably impacted by the strong demand and price appreciation, although cost pressures and the availability of labor has affected and may continue to temper gross margin expansion in the future. 
 SG A for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 was 11.4 of total revenue compared with 11.9 a year earlier. We remain focused on improving overhead cost management in relation to our revenue gr owth, contributing to our balanced growth strategy. 
 25 

Seasonal and Quarterly Variability: Our homebuilding operating cycle historically has reflected escalating new order activity in the second and third fiscal quarters and increased closings in the third and fourth fiscal quarters. However, these seasonal patterns may be impacted or reduced by a variety of factors. During fiscal 2021, supply chain disruptions as well as our efforts to actively manage sales pace resulted in a shift from our typical seasonal trend such that higher levels of new order activity were observed during the first and second quarters of fiscal 2021, which led to increased closing levels starting in the second fiscal quarter. 
 The following ta bles present new order and closings data for the periods presented: 
 New Orders (Net of Cancellations) 1st Qtr 2nd Qtr 3rd Qtr 4th Qtr Total 2021 1,442 1,854 1,199 1,069 5,564 2020 1,251 1,661 1,372 2,009 6,293 2019 976 1,598 1,544 1,458 5,576 Closings 1st Qtr 2nd Qtr 3rd Qtr 4th Qtr Total 2021 1,114 1,388 1,378 1,407 5,287 2020 1,112 1,277 1,366 1,737 5,492 2019 1,083 1,134 1,269 2,014 5,500 
 26 

RESULTS OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 The following table summarizes certain key income statement metrics for the periods presented: 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, in thousands 2021 2020 2019 Revenue: Homebuilding 2,127,700 2,116,910 2,077,245 Land sales and other 12,603 10,167 10,494 Total 2,140,303 2,127,077 2,087,739 Gross profit (loss): Homebuilding 401,720 348,110 206,034 Land sales and other 2,535 (470) (39,998) Total 404,255 347,640 166,036 Gross margin: Homebuilding (a) 
 18.9 16.4 9.9 Land sales and other (b) 
 20.1 (4.6) (381.2) Total 18.9 16.3 8.0 Commissions 80,125 82,507 79,802 General and administrative expenses (G A) 163,285 170,386 161,371 SG A (commissions plus G A) as a percentage of total revenue 11.4 11.9 11.6 G A as a percentage of total revenue 7.6 8.0 7.7 Depreciation and amortization 13,976 15,640 14,759 Operating income (loss) 146,869 79,107 (89,896) Operating income (loss) as a percentage of total revenue 6.9 3.7 (4.3) Effective tax rate (c) 
 15.0 25.2 31.9 Inventory impairments and abandonments 853 2,903 148,618 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net (2,025) (24,920) 
 (a) Homebuilding gross margin for fiscal 2019 was im pacted by 110.0 million of i mpairments primarily related to impairments recorded in the second quarter for certain projects in progress in California. Excluding impairments, abandonments, and interest amortized to cost of sales, homebuilding gross margin was 23.0 , 21.0 , and 19.7 for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Please see "Homebuilding Gross Profit and Gross Margin" section below for a reconciliation of homebuilding gross profit and the related gross margin excluding impairments and abandonments and interest amortized to cost of sales to homebuilding gross profit and gross margin, the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 
 (b) Calculated as land sales and other gross profit (loss) divided by land sales and other revenue. Land sales and other gross margin is shown as a significant negative percentage for fiscal 2019 due to the 38.6 million of impa irments recorded in the second quarter related to land held for sale assets in California. 
 (c) Calculated as tax expense (benefit) for the period divided by income (loss) from continuing operations. Due to a variety of factors, our income tax expense (benefit) is not always directly correlated to the amount of pre-tax income (loss) for the associated periods. Our effective tax rate was impacted by, among other factors, energy efficiency tax credits of 12.1 million, 0.9 million and 14.9 million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Please see Note 13 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K for details of significant items that impact our effective tax rate. 

27 

Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA 
 Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to total company net income (loss), the most directly comparable GAAP measure, is provided for each period discussed below. Management believes that Adjusted EBITDA assists investors in understanding and comparing the operating characteristics of homebuilding activities by eliminating many of the differences in companies' respective capitalization, tax position, and level of impairments. These EBITDA measures should not be considered alternatives to net income (loss) determined in accordance with GAAP as an indicator of operating performance. 
 The following table reconciles our net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented: 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, in thousands 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Net income (loss) 122,021 52,226 (79,520) (45,375) 31,813 Expense (benefit) from income taxes 21,501 17,664 (37,245) 94,373 2,621 Interest amortized to home construction and land sales expenses and capitalized interest impaired 87,290 95,662 108,941 93,113 88,820 Interest expense not qualified for capitalization 2,781 8,468 3,109 5,325 15,636 EBIT 233,593 174,020 (4,715) 147,436 138,890 Depreciation and amortization 13,976 15,640 14,759 13,807 14,014 EBITDA 247,569 189,660 10,044 161,243 152,904 Stock-based compensation expense 12,167 10,036 10,526 10,258 8,159 Loss on extinguishment of debt 2,025 24,920 27,839 12,630 Inventory impairments and abandonments (a) 
 853 2,111 134,711 4,988 2,389 Litigation settlement in discontinued operations 120 1,260 Restructuring and severance expenses (10) 1,317 Joint venture impairment and abandonment charges 341 Write-off of deposit on legacy land investment 2,700 Adjusted EBITDA 262,724 204,384 180,201 204,669 178,782 
 (a) In periods during which we impaired certain of our inventory assets, capitalized interest that is impaired is included in the line above titled Interest amortized to home construction and land sales expenses and capitalized interest impaired." 
 28 

Homebuilding Operations Data 
 The following table summarizes new orders and cancellation rates by reportable segment for the periods presented: 
 New Orders, net Cancellation Rates 2021 2020 2019 21 v 20 20 v 19 2021 2020 2019 West 3,233 3,589 2,983 (9.9) 20.3 12.0 16.5 16.7 East 1,172 1,328 1,152 (11.7) 15.3 9.6 14.5 16.0 Southeast 1,159 1,376 1,441 (15.8) (4.5) 10.2 15.1 15.2 Total 5,564 6,293 5,576 (11.6) 12.9 11.1 15.8 16.1 
 Net new orders for the y ear ended September 30, 2021 decreased to 5,564, down 11.6 from the year ended September 30, 2020. The decrease in net new orders was driven primarily by a decrease in active community count from 163 in the prior year to 127, partially offset by an increase in sales pace from 3.2 sales per community per month in the prior year to 3.7, and a decrease in cancellation rates from 15.8 in the prior year to 11.1 . We are working to grow community counts by investing in new communities, and we are also actively managing sales pace, in part by selectively increasing prices and limiting lot releases in some communities, to optimize margins and lot supply. 
 The table below summarizes backlog units by reportable segment as well as the aggregate dollar value and ASP of homes in backlog as of September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019: 
 As of September 30, 2021 2020 2019 21 v 20 20 v 19 Backlog Units: West 1,653 1,365 982 21.1 39.0 East 611 624 341 (2.1) 83.0 Southeast 522 520 385 0.4 35.1 Total 2,786 2,509 1,708 11.0 46.9 Aggregate dollar value of homes in backlog (in millions) 1,284.0 995.3 665.1 29.0 49.6 ASP in backlog (in thousands) 460.9 396.7 389.4 16.2 1.9 
 Backlog reflects the number of homes for which the Company has entered into a sales contract with a customer but has not yet delivered the home. Homes in backlog have historically been delivered within three to six months following commencement of construction. Due to the stronger than expected demand for new homes during the economic recovery, we have seen disruptions in our supply chain during the latter half of fiscal 2021, including the availability of certain materials and construction labor, which has led to extended construction cycle times. As a result, homes in backlog are currently delivered within four to nine months following commencement of construction . The aggregate dollar value o f homes in backlog as of September 30, 2021 increased 29.0 compared to the prior year due to a 16.2 increase in the ASP of homes in backlog and an 11.0 increase in backlog units. 
 29 

Homebuilding Revenue, Average Selling Price, and Closings 
 The table below summarizes homebuilding revenue, ASP of our homes closed, and closings by reportable segment for the periods presented: 
 Homebuilding Revenue Average Selling Price in thousands 2021 2020 2019 21 v 20 20 v 19 2021 2020 2019 21 v 20 20 v 19 West 1,110,208 1,180,577 1,012,977 (6.0) 16.5 377.0 368.2 354.3 2.4 3.9 East 565,989 476,167 506,389 18.9 (6.0) 477.6 455.7 463.7 4.8 (1.7) Southeast 451,503 460,166 557,879 (1.9) (17.5) 390.2 370.8 360.2 5.2 2.9 Total 2,127,700 2,116,910 2,077,245 0.5 1.9 402.4 385.5 377.7 4.4 2.1 
 Closings 2021 2020 2019 21 v 20 20 v 19 West 2,945 3,206 2,859 (8.1) 12.1 East 1,185 1,045 1,092 13.4 (4.3) Southeast 1,157 1,241 1,549 (6.8) (19.9) Total 5,287 5,492 5,500 (3.7) (0.1) 
 The slight increase in our overall homebuilding revenue for fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 is the result of an increase in ASP, partially offset by a decrease in closings. The ASP changes were impacted primarily by price appreciation due to strong demand and short supply of homes, as well as a change in mix of closings between geographies, products, and among communities within each individual market as compared to the prior year. On average, we anticipate that our ASP will continue to increase in the near-term as indicated by the ASP for homes in backlog as of September 30, 2021. 
 West Segment: Homebuilding revenue decreased by 6.0 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 compared to the prior fiscal year due to a 8.1 decrease in closings, partially offset by a 2.4 increase in ASP. The decrease in closings is due to a decrease in backlog conversion rates as a result of longer production cycle times compared to the prior year, partially offset by higher units in beginning backlog for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. 
 East Segment: Homebuilding revenue increased by 18.9 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 compared to the prior fiscal year due to a 13.4 increase in closings as well as a 4.8 increase in ASP. The year-over-year increase in closings in the East segment was primarily the result of higher units in beginning backlog for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. 
 Southeast Segment: Homebuilding revenue decreased by 1.9 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 compared to the prior fiscal year due to a decrease in closings of 6.8 , partially offset by a 5.2 increase in ASP. The decrease in closings is due to a decrease in backlog conversion rates as a result of longer production cycle times compared to the prior year, partially offset by higher units in beginning backlog for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. 
 30 

Homebuilding Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 The following tables present our homebuilding (HB) gross profit and gross margin by reportable segment and in total. In addition, such amounts are presented excluding inventory impairments and abandonments and interest amortized to cost of sales (COS). Homebuilding gross profit is defined as homebuilding revenue less home cost of sales (which includes land and land development costs, home construction costs, capitalized interest, indirect costs of construction, estimated warranty costs, closing costs, and inventory impairment and abandonment charges). 
 Reconciliation of homebuilding gross profit and the related gross margin excluding impairments and abandonments and interest amortized to cost of sales to homebuilding gross profit and gross margin, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, is provided for each period discussed below. Management believes that this information assists investors in comparing the operating characteristics of homebuilding activities by eliminating many of the differences in companies' respective level of impairments and level of debt. These measures should not be considered alternatives to homebuilding gross profit and gross margin determined in accordance with GAAP as an indicator of operating performance. 
 in thousands Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2021 HB Gross Profit (Loss) HB Gross Margin Impairments Abandonments (I A) HB Gross Profit (Loss) excluding I A HB Gross Margin excluding I A Interest Amortized to COS (Interest) HB Gross Profit (Loss) excluding I A and Interest HB Gross Margin excluding I A and Interest West 270,671 24.4 270,671 24.4 270,671 24.4 East 125,928 22.2 465 126,393 22.3 126,393 22.3 Southeast 98,525 21.8 388 98,913 21.9 98,913 21.9 Corporate unallocated (a) 
 (93,404) (93,404) 87,037 (6,367) Total homebuilding 401,720 18.9 853 402,573 18.9 87,037 489,610 23.0 in thousands Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2020 HB Gross Profit (Loss) HB Gross Margin Impairments Abandonments (I A) HB Gross Profit (Loss) excluding I A HB Gross Margin excluding I A Interest Amortized to COS (Interest) HB Gross Profit excluding I A and Interest HB Gross Margin excluding I A and Interest West 258,675 21.9 923 259,598 22.0 259,598 22.0 East 98,446 20.7 82 98,528 20.7 98,528 20.7 Southeast 87,935 19.1 641 88,576 19.2 88,576 19.2 Corporate unallocated (a) 
 (96,946) (96,946) 94,844 (2,102) Total homebuilding 348,110 16.4 1,646 349,756 16.5 94,844 444,600 21.0 in thousands Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2019 HB Gross Profit (Loss) HB Gross Margin Impairments Abandonments (I A) HB Gross Profit (Loss) excluding I A HB Gross Margin excluding I A Interest Amortized to COS (Interest) HB Gross Profit excluding I A and Interest HB Gross Margin excluding I A and Interest West 119,624 11.8 92,912 212,536 21.0 212,536 21.0 East 96,008 19.0 96,008 19.0 96,008 19.0 Southeast 95,603 17.1 858 96,461 17.3 96,461 17.3 Corporate unallocated (a) 
 (105,201) 16,259 (88,942) 93,875 4,933 Total homebuilding 206,034 9.9 110,029 316,063 15.2 93,875 409,938 19.7 
 (a) Corporate and unallocated includes capitalized interest and capitalized indirect costs expensed to homebuilding cost of sale related to homes closed, as well as capitalized interest and capitalized indirect costs impaired in order to reflect projects in progress assets at fair value. 

31 

Our homebuilding gross profit increased by 53.6 million to 401.7 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, from 348.1 million in the prior year. The increase in homebuilding gross profit was primarily driven by growth in homebuilding revenue of 10.8 million, and an increase in gross margin of 250 basis points to 18.9 . However, as shown in the tables above, the comparability of our gross profit and gross margin was modestly impacted by impairment and abandonment charges which decreased by 0.8 million and interest amortized to homebuilding cost of sales which decreased by 7.8 million year-over-year (refer to Note 5 and Note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K for additional details). When excluding the impact of impairment and abandonment charges and interest amortized to homebuilding cost of sales, homebuilding gross profit increased by 45.0 million compared to the prior year while homebuilding gross margin increased by 200 basis points to 23.0 . The year-over-year improvement in gross margin for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2021 is primarily driven by lower sales incentives and pricing increases, although cost pressures and the availability of labor has affected and may continue to temper gross margin expansion in the future. 
 West Segment: Compared to the prior fiscal year, homebuilding gross profit increased by 12.0 million primarily due to higher gross margin. Homebuilding gross margin, excluding impairments and abandonments, increased to 24.4 , up from 22.0 in the prior ye ar. The increase in gross margin was driven primarily by lower sales incentives and pricing increases. 
 East Segment: Compared to the prior fiscal year, homebuilding gross profit increased by 27.5 million due to the increase in homebuilding revenue and higher gross margin. Homebuilding gross margin, excluding impairments and abandonments, increased to 22.3 , up from 20.7 in the prior year. The increase in gross margin was driven primarily by lower sales incentives and pricing increases. 
 Southeast Segment: Compared to the prior fiscal year, homebuilding gross profit increased by 10.6 million due to higher gross margin. Homebuilding gross margin, excluding impairments and ab andonments, increased to 21.9 , up from 19.2 in the prior year. The increase in gross margin was driven primarily by lower sales incentives and pricing increases. 
 Measures of homebuilding gross profit and gross margin after excluding inventory impairments and abandonments, interest amortized to cost of sales, and other non-recurring items are not GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered alternatives to homebuilding gross profit and gross margin determined in accordance with GAAP as an indicator of operating performance. 
 In particular, the magnitude and volatility of non-cash inventory impairment and abandonment charges for the Company and other homebuilders have been significant historically and, as such, have made financial analysis of our industry more difficult. Homebuilding metrics excluding these charges, as well as interest amortized to cost of sales and other similar presentations by analysts and other companies, are frequently used to assist investors in understanding and comparing the operating characteristics of homebuilding activities by eliminating many of the differences in companies' respective level of impairments and levels of debt. Management believes these non-GAAP measures enable holders of our securities to better understand the cash implications of our operating performance and our ability to service our debt obligations as they currently exist and as additional indebtedness is incurred in the future. These measures are also useful internally, helping management to compare operating results and to measure cash available for discretionary spending. 
 In a given period, our reported gross profit is generated from both communities previously impaired and communities not previously impaired. In addition, as indicated above, certain gross profit amounts arise from recoveries of prior period costs, including warranty items that are not directly tied to communities generating revenue in the period. Home closings from communities previously impaired would, in most instances, generate very low or negative gross margins prior to the impact of the previously recognized impairment. Gross margin for each home closing is higher for a particular community after an impairment because the carrying value of the underlying land was previously reduced to the present value of future cash flows as a result of the impairment, leading to lower cost of sales at the home closing. This improvement in gross margin resulting from one or more prior impairments is frequently referred to in the aggregate as the impairment turn or flow-back of impairments within the reporting period. The amount of this impairment turn may exceed the gross margin for an individual impaired asset if the gross margin for that asset prior to the impairment would have been negative. The extent to which this impairment turn is greater than the reported gross margin for the individual asset is related to the specific historical cost basis of that individual asset. 
 32 

The asset valuations that result from our impairment calculations are based on discounted cash flow analyses and are not derived by simply applying prospective gross margins to individual communities. As such, impaired communities may have gross margins that are somewhat higher or lower than the gross margins for unimpaired communities. The mix of home closings in any particular quarter varies to such an extent that comparisons between previously impaired and never impaired communities would not be a reliable way to ascertain profitability trends or to assess the accuracy of previous valuation estimates. In addition, since any amount of impairment turn is tied to individual lots in specific communities, it will vary considerably from period to period. As a result of these factors, we review the impairment turn impact on gross margin on a trailing 12-month basis rather than a quarterly basis as a way of considering whether our impairment calculations are resulting in gross margins for impaired communities that are comparable to our unimpaired communities. For fiscal 2021, our homebuilding gross margin was 18.9 and excluding interest and inventory impairments and abandonments, it was 23.0 . For the same period, homebuilding gross margin was as follows in those communities that have previously been impaired, which represented 8.2 of total closings during fiscal 2021: 
 Homebuilding Gross Margin from previously impaired communities: Pre-impairment turn gross margin 6.3 Impact of interest amortized to COS related to these communities 3.9 Pre-impairment turn gross margin, excluding interest amortization 10.2 Impact of impairment turns 16.9 Gross margin (post impairment turns), excluding interest amortization 27.1 
 For a further discussion of our impairment policies and communities impaired during the current and prior two fiscal years, refer to Note 2 and Note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K. 
 Land Sales and Other Revenue and Gross Profit (Loss) 
 Land sales relate to land and lots sold that do not fit within our homebuilding programs and strategic plans. We also have other revenue related to title examinations provided for our homebuyers in certain markets. The following tables summarize our land sales and other revenue and related gross profit (loss) by reportable segment for the periods presented: 
 in thousands Land Sales and Other Revenue 2021 2020 2019 21 v 20 20 v 19 West 8,370 2,762 1,725 203.0 60.1 East 3,846 1,457 8,572 164.0 (83.0) Southeast 387 5,948 197 (93.5) 2,919.3 Total 12,603 10,167 10,494 24.0 (3.1) in thousands Land Sales and Other Gross Profit (Loss) 2021 2020 2019 21 v 20 20 v 19 West 2,330 417 (37,854) 458.8 101.1 East 440 111 208 296.4 (46.6) Southeast 73 200 (65) (63.5) 407.7 Corporate and unallocated (a) 
 (308) (1,198) (2,287) 74.3 47.6 Total 2,535 (470) (39,998) 639.4 98.8 
 (a) Corporate and unallocated includes capitalized interest and capitalized indirect costs expensed to land cost of sale related to land sold, as well as capitalized interest and capitalized indirect costs impaired in order to reflect land held for sale assets at net realizable value. 
 To further support our efforts to reduce leverage, we continued to focus on closing a number of land sales for land positions that did not fit within our strategic plans. Future land and lot sales will depend on a variety of factors, including local market conditions, individual community performance, and changing strategic plans. 
 33 

Operating Income (Loss) 
 The table below summarizes operating income (loss) by reportable segment for the periods presented: 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, in thousands 2021 2020 2019 21 v 20 20 v 19 West 181,303 161,786 (5,492) 19,517 167,278 East 84,630 56,319 51,576 28,311 4,743 Southeast 57,581 40,746 40,165 16,835 581 Corporate and Unallocated (a) 
 (176,645) (179,744) (176,145) 3,099 (3,599) Operating income (loss) (b) 
 146,869 79,107 (89,896) 67,762 169,003 
 (a) Corporate and unallocated includes amortization of capitalized interest, capitalization and amortization of indirect costs, impairment of capitalized interest and capitalized indirect costs, expenses related to numerous shared services functions that benefit all segments but are not allocated to the operating segments, and certain other amounts that are not allocated to our operating segments. 
 (b) Operating income (loss) is impacted by impairment and abandonment charges incurred during the periods presented (see Note 5 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K). 
 Our operating income increased by 67.8 million to 146.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2021, compared to operating income of 79.1 million for year ended September 30, 2020 , primarily driven by the previously discussed increase in gross profit. Additionally, SG A as a percentage of total revenue decreased year-over-year by 50 basis points from 11.9 to 11.4 . 
 West Segment: The 19.5 million increase in operating income compared to the prior year was primarily due to the increase in gross profit previously discussed, lower commissions expense on lower homebuilding revenue, lower sales and marketing expenses, and lower remaining G A expenses in the segment. 
 East Segment: The 28.3 million increase in operating income compared to the prior year was primarily due to the inc rease in gross profit previously discussed and lower sales and marketing expenses, partially offset by higher commissions expense on higher homebuilding revenue in the segment. 
 Southeast Segment: Th e 16.8 million increase in operating income compared to the prior year was primarily due to the increase in gross profit previously discussed , lower commissions expense on lower homebuilding revenue, lower sales and marketing expenses, and lower remaining G A expenses in the segment. 
 Corporate and Unallocated: Our Corporate and unallocated results include amortization of capitalized interest, capitalization and amortization of indirect costs, impairment of capitalized interest and capitalized indirect costs, expenses for various shared services functions that benefit all segments but are not allocated, including information technology, treasury, corporate finance, legal, branding and national marketing, and certain other amounts that are not allocated to our operating segments. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, corporate and unallocated net expenses decreased by 3.1 million from the prior fiscal year, primarily due to a decrease in capitalized interest amortized to cost of sales, partially offset by higher incentive compensation expenses. 
 Below operating income (loss), we had two noteworthy fluctuations between fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 as follows: (1) we experienced a decline in other expense, net, primarily attributable to a year-over-year decrease in interest expense not qualified for capitalization; and (2) we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of 2.0 million during fiscal 2021 as compared to no such loss in fiscal 2020. See Note 6 and Note 7 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K for further discussion of these items. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our income tax assets and liabilities and related effective tax rate are affected by various factors, the most significant of which is the valuation allowance recorded against a portion of our deferred tax assets. Due to the effect of our valuation allowance adjustments beginning in fiscal 2008, a comparison of our annual effective tax rates must consider the changes in our valuation allowance. As such, our effective tax rates have not been meaningful metrics, as our income tax expense/benefit was not directly correlated to the amount of pretax income or loss for the associated periods. 
 
 We recognized income tax expense from continuing operations of 21.5 million in our fiscal 2021, compared to income tax expense from continuing operations of 18.0 million in our fiscal 2020 and income tax benefit from continuing operations of 
 34 

37.2 million in our fiscal 2019. The income tax expense in our fiscal 2021 and 2020 primarily resulted from income generated in the fiscal year and permanent book/tax differences, partially offset by the generation of additional federal tax credits. The income tax benefit recorded in our fiscal 2019 primarily resulted from the loss generated in the fiscal year and the generation of additional federal tax credits. 
 Refer to Note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K for a further discussion of our income taxes. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our sources of liquidity include, but are not limited to, cash from operations, proceeds from Senior Notes, our Secured Revolving Credit Facility (the Facility) and other bank borrowings, the issuance of equity and equity-linked securities, and other external sources of funds. Our short-term and long-term liquidity depends primarily upon our level of net income, working capital management (cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and other liabilities), and available credit facilities. 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash increased as follows for the periods presented: 
 in thousands 2021 2020 2019 Cash provided by operating activities 31,656 289,095 113,635 Cash used in investing activities (14,189) (10,164) (25,125) Cash used in financing activities (85,852) (59,197) (118,964) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (68,385) 219,734 (30,454) 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 31.7 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. The primary drivers of operating cash flows are typically cash earnings and changes in inventory levels, including land acquisition and land development spending. Net cash provided by operating activities during the period was primarily driven by income before income taxes of 143.5 million, which included 28.1 million of non-cash charges, a net decrease in non-inventory working capital of 7.6 million, partially offset by an increase in inventory of 147.5 million resulting from of land acquisition, land development, and house construction spending to support continued growth. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 289.1 million during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, primarily driven by income before income taxes of 69.9 million, which included 28.2 million of non-cash charges, a net decrease in non-inventory working capital of 36.1 million, and a decrease in inventory of 154.9 million as a result of from home sales, partially offset by land acquisition, land development, and house construction spending to support continued growth. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, was 14.2 million and 10.2 million, respectively, primarily driven in both periods by capital expenditures for model homes. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 85.9 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 primarily driven by installment payment of the Senior Unsecured Term Loan (the Term Loan), partial extinguishment of our 2027 Senior Notes, the payment of cash for debt issuance costs, and tax payments for stock-based compensation awards vesting. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 59.2 million during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 driven by installment payment of the Term Loan, common stock repurchases under our share repurchase program, tax payments for stock-based compensation awards vesting, cash settlement of performance-based restricted stock, the repayment of other secured notes payable, and payment of debt issuance costs. 
 Financial Position 
 As of September 30, 2021, our liquidity position consisted of 246.7 million in cash and cash equivalents and 250.0 million of remaining capacity under the Facility. 

35 

While we believe we possess sufficient liquidity, we are mindful of potential short-term or seasonal requirements for enhanced liquidity that may arise to operate and grow our business. As of the date of this report, we believe we have adequate capital resources and sufficient access to external financing sources to satisfy our current and reasonably anticipated requirements for funds to conduct our operations and meet other needs in the ordinary course of our business. 
 During this time, we may also engage in capital markets, bank loan, project debt or other financial transactions, including the repurchase of debt or potential new issuances of debt or equity securities to support our business needs. The amounts involved in these transactions, if any, may be material. In addition, as necessary or desirable, we may adjust or amend the terms of and/or expand the capacity of the Facility, or enter into additional letter of credit facilities, or other similar facility arrangements, in each case with the same or other financial institutions, or allow any such facilities to mature or expire. 
 Debt 
 We generally fulfill our short-term cash requirements with cash generated from our operations and available borrowings. Additionally, our Secured Revolving Credit Facility provides working capital and letter of credit capacity of 250.0 million. As of September 30, 2021, no borrowings and no letters of credit were outstanding under the Facility , resulting in 250.0 million remaining capacity. 
 We have also entered into a number of stand-alone, cash-secured letter of credit agreements with banks. These combined facilities provide for letter of credit needs collateralized by either cash or assets of the Company. We currently have 21.8 million of o utstanding letters of c redit under these facilities, which are secured by cash collateral that is maintained in restricted accounts totaling 22.3 million . 
 To provide greater letter of credit capacity, the Company has also entered into a reimbursement agreement, which provides for the issuance of performance letters of credit, and an unsecured credit agreement that provides for the issuance of up to 50.0 million of standby letters of credit to backstop the Company's obligations under the reimbursement agreement (collectively, the "Bilateral Facility"). As of September 30, 2021, the total stated amount of performance letters of credit issued under the reimbursement agreement was 11.8 million (and the stated amount of the backstop standby letter of credit issued under the credit agreement was 40.0 million) . 
 In the future, we may from time to time seek to continue to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash repurchases or in exchange for other debt securities, in open market purchases, privately-negotiated transactions, or otherwise. In addition, any material variance from our projected operating results could require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete any of these transactions in the future on favorable terms or at all. See Note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K for additional details related to our borrowings. 
 Supplemental Guarantor Information 
 As discussed in Note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K, the Company's obligations to pay principal and interest under certain debt agreements are guaranteed on a joint and several basis by substantially all of the Company's subsidiaries. Some of the immaterial subsidiaries do not guarantee the Senior Notes. The guarantees are full and unconditional. 
 The following summarized financial information is presented for Beazer Homes USA, Inc. and the guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis after elimination of intercompany transactions between entities in the combined group and amounts related to investments in any subsidiary that is a non-guarantor. 
 As of September 30, in thousands 2021 2020 Due from non-guarantor subsidiary 1,532 417 Total assets 2,075,518 2,006,611 Total liabilities 1,353,734 1,414,105 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, in thousands 2021 2020 Total revenues 2,137,976 2,126,660 Gross profit 402,646 347,387 Income from continuing operations 120,571 53,909 Net income 121,372 52,861 
 36 

Credit Ratings 
 Our credit ratings are periodically reviewed by rating agencies. In June 2021, S P upgraded the Company s corporate rating to a B from a B- and reaffirmed the Company's positive outlook. In August 2021, Moody's upgraded the Company's issuer corporate family rating from B3 to B2 and revised the Company's outlook from positive to stable. These ratings and our current credit condition affect, among other things, our ability to access new capital. Negative changes to these ratings may result in more stringent covenants and higher interest rates under the terms of any new debt. Our credit ratings could be lowered, or rating agencies could issue adverse commentaries in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. In particular, a weakening of our financial condition, including any further increase in our leverage or decrease in our profitability or cash flows, could adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary funds, could result in a credit rating downgrade or change in outlook, or could otherwise increase our cost of borrowing. 
 Stock Repurchases and Dividends Paid 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2019, the Company's Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program that authorizes the Company to repurchase up to 50.0 million of its outstanding common stock. As part of this program, the Company has repurchased common stock during fiscal 2019 and 2020 through open market transactions, 10b5-1 plans, and accelerated share repurchase (ASR) agreements. All shares have been retired upon repurchase. The aggregate reduction to stockholders equity related to share repurchases during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019 was 3.3 million and 34.6 million, respectively. No share repurchases were made during fiscal 2021. As of September 30, 2021, the remaining availability of the share repurchase program was 12.0 million . 
 The indentures under which our Senior Notes were issued contain certain restrictive covenants, including limitations on our payment of dividends. There were no dividends paid during our fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, or 2019. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Aggregate Contractual Commitments 
 Lot Option Agreements 
 We his torically have attempted to control a portion of our land supply through lot option agreements. As of September 30, 2021, we controlled 21,987 lots, which includes 272 lots of land held for future development and 293 lots of land held for sale. Of the total 21,422 active lots, we owned 11,430, or 53.4 , of these lots and the remaining 9,992 of these lots, or 46.6 , were under option contracts, primarily through lot option agreements with land developers and land bankers, which generally require the payment of cash or the posting of a letter of credit for the right to acquire lots during a specified period of time at a certain pric e. In comparison, we controlled 5,878 lots, or 34.8 of our total active lot position, through option contracts as of September 30, 2020. As a result of the flexibility that these options provide us, upon a change in market conditions, we may renegotiate the terms of the options prior to exercise or terminate the agreement. Under option contracts, purchase of the properties is contingent upon satisfaction of certain requirements by us and the sellers, and our liability is generally limited to forfeiture of the non-refundable deposits and other non-refundable amounts incurred, which totaled approximately 114.7 million as of September 30, 2021. The total remaining purchase price, net of cash deposits, committed under all options was 676.1 million as of September 30, 2021. Based on market conditions and our liquidity, we may further expand our use of option agreements to supplement our owned inventory supply. 
 We expect to exercise, subject to market conditions and seller satisfaction of contract terms, most of our option contracts. Various factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as market conditions, weather conditions, and the timing of the completion of development activities, will have a significant impact on the timing of option exercises or whether lot options will be exercised at all. 
 We have historically funded the exercise of lot options with operating cash flows. We expect these sources to continue to be adequate to fund anticipated future option exercises. Therefore, we do not anticipate that the exercise of our lot options will have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. 
 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 
 Occasionally, we use legal entities in which we have less than a controlling interest. We enter into the majority of these arrangements with land developers, other homebuilders, and financial partners to acquire attractive land positions, to manage our risk profile, and to leverage our capital base. The underlying land positions are developed into finished lots for sale to the unconsolidated entity s members or other third parties. We account for our interest in unconsolidated entities under the equity method. 
 37 

Historically, we and our partners have pro vided varying levels of guarantees of debt or other obligations of our unconsolidated entities. As of September 30, 2021, we had no re payment guarantees outstanding related to the debt of our unconsolidated entities. See Note 2 and Note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K for more information. 
 Letters of Credit and Surety Bonds 
 In connection with the development of our communities, we are frequently required to provide performance, maintenance, and other bonds and letters of credit in support of our related obligations with respect to such developments. The amount of such obligations outstanding at any time varies in accordance with our pending development activities. In the event any such bonds or letters of credit are drawn upon, we would be obligated to reimburse the issuer of such bonds or letters of credit. We had outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds of 33.6 million and 282.3 million, respectively, as of September 30, 2021, primarily related to our obligations to local governments to construct roads and other improvements in various developments. 
 Contractual Commitments 
 The following table summarizes our aggregate contractual commitments as of September 30, 2021: 
 Payments Due by Period in thousands Total Less than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More than 5 Years Senior notes, term loan, and junior subordinated notes (a) 
 1,093,583 50,000 229,555 814,028 Interest commitments under senior notes, term loan, and junior subordinated notes (b) 
 454,363 68,501 134,564 123,733 127,565 Obligations related to lots under option 676,148 318,447 278,122 78,835 744 Operating leases 15,808 4,335 6,062 3,626 1,785 Uncertain tax positions (c) 
 Total 2,239,902 441,283 418,748 435,749 944,122 
 (a) For a listing of our borrowings, refer to Note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K. 
 (b) Interest on variable rate obligations is based on rates effective as of September 30, 2021. 
 (c) Based on its current inventory of uncertain tax positions and tax carryforward attributes, the Company does not expect a cash settlement of unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions in future years. See Note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K for additional information regarding the Company's unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions as of September 30, 2021. 
 We had outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds of 33.6 million an d 282.3 million, respectivel y, as of September 30, 2021, primarily related to our obligations to local governments to construct roads and other improvements in various developments. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our critical accounting policies require the use of judgment in their application and in certain cases require estimates of inherently uncertain matters. Although our accounting policies are in compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP), a change in the facts and circumstances of the underlying transactions could significantly change the application of the accounting policies and the resulting financial statement impact. It is also possible that other professionals applying reasonable judgment to the same set of facts and circumstances could reach a different conclusion. Listed below are those policies that we believe are critical and require the use of complex judgment in their application. 
 Inventory Valuation - Projects in Progress 
 Projects in progress inventory includes homes under construction and land under development grouped together as communities. Generally, upon the commencement of land development activities, it may take three to five years (depending on, among other things, the size of the community and its sales pace) to fully develop, sell, construct and close all the homes in a typical community. Projects in progress are stated at cost unless facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. 
 38 

We assess our projects in progress inventory for indicators of impairment at the community level on a quarterly basis. We evaluate, among other things, the average sales price and margins on recent home closings, homes in backlog and expected future home sales for each community. If indicators of impairment are present for a community with more than ten homes remaining to close, we perform a recoverability test by comparing the expected undiscounted cash flows for the community to its carrying value. For those communities whose carrying values exceed the aggregate undiscounted cash flows, we perform a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of the community, and impairment charges are recorded if the fair value of the community's inventory is less than its carrying value. 
 There is uncertainty associated with preparing the undiscounted cash flow analyses because future market conditions will almost certainly be different, either better or worse, than current conditions. Significant valuation assumptions include expected pace of closings, average sales price, expected costs for land development, direct construction, overhead, and interest. The risk of over or under-stating any of the important cash flow variables is greater with longer-lived communities and within markets that have historically experienced greater home price volatility. To address these risks, we consider home price and construction cost appreciation in future years for certain communities that are expected to be selling for more than a year and/or if the market has typically exhibited high levels of price volatility. Absent these assumptions on cost and sales price appreciation, we believe the long-term cash flow analysis would be unrealistic. Finally, we also ensure that the pace of sales and closings used in our undiscounted cash flow analyses are reasonable by considering seasonal variations in sales and closings, our development schedules and what we have achieved historically, and by comparing to those achieved by our competitors for comparable communities. 
 The fair value of the community is estimated based on the present value of the estimated future cash flows using discount rates commensurate with the risk associated with the underlying community. The discount rate used may be different for each community. The factors considered when determining an appropriate discount rate for a community include, among others: (1) community specific factors such as product types, development stage and expected duration of the project, and the competitive factors influencing the sales performance of the community and (2) local market factors such as employment levels, consumer confidence and the existing supply of new and used homes for sale. The assumptions used in the determination of fair value of projects in progress communities are based on factors known to us at the time such estimates are made and our expectations of future operations and market conditions. Due to uncertainties in the estimation process, the significant volatility in market conditions, the long life cycles of many communities, and potential changes in our strategy related to certain communities, actual results could differ significantly from our estimates. 
 Warranty Reserves 
 The adequacy of our warranty reserves is based on historical experience and management's estimate of the costs to remediate any claims. Our review includes a quarterly analysis of the historical data and trends in warranty expense by division. An analysis by division allows us to consider market specific factors such as our warranty experience, the number of home closings, the prices of homes, product mix, and other data in estimating our warranty reserves. In addition, our analysis also factors in the existence of any non-recurring or community-specific warranty matters that might not be contemplated in our historical data and trends that may need to be separately estimated based on management's judgment of the ultimate cost of repair for that specific issue . 
 At September 30, 2021, our warranty reserve was 12.9 million, reflecting an accrual range of 0.3 to 1.0 of total revenue recognized for each home closed depending on our loss history in the division in which the home was built. A ten basis point increase in our warranty reserve rate would have increased our accrual and corresponding cost of sales by 2.3 million as of September 30, 2021. 
 There were no material changes in assumptions in calculating our reserve balance for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 Our estimation process is discussed in Note 9 of notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K. While we believe that our current warranty reserves are adequate, there can be no assurances that historical data and trends will accurately predict our actual warranty costs or that future developments might not lead to a significant change in the reserve. 
 39 

Income Taxe s - Valuation Allowance 
 The carrying amounts of deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if an assessment of their components indicates that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of these assets will not be realized. Judgment is required in estimating valuation allowances for deferred tax assets. The realization of a deferred tax asset ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income in either the carryback or carryforward periods under tax law. We assess the need for valuation allowances for deferred tax assets based on more-likely-than-not realization threshold criteria. In our assessment, appropriate consideration is given to all positive and negative evidence related to the realization of the deferred tax assets. This assessment considers, among other matters, (1) the nature, frequency and severity of any current and cumulative losses; (2) forecasts of future profitability; (3) the duration of statutory carryforward periods; (4) our experience with operating loss and tax credit carryforwards not expiring unused; (5) the Section 382 limitation on our ability to carryforward pre-ownership change net operating losses; (6) recognized built-in losses or deductions; and (7) tax planning alternatives. 
 Our assessment of the need for the valuation of deferred tax assets includes assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. We base our estimate of deferred tax assets and liabilities on current tax laws and rates and, in certain cases, business plans and other expectations about future outcomes. Changes in existing tax laws or rates could affect actual tax results and future business results may affect the amount of deferred tax liabilities or the valuation of deferred tax assets over time. Our analysis includes several scenarios with both increases and decreases in our estimates of operating income across future periods. Routine or cyclical reductions in our pre-tax earnings would not have changed our assessment of our ability to utilize various tax carryforwards. In addition to various company-specific factors, we consider several positive and negative external factors that may impact our estimates. These factors may include broad economic considerations such as mortgage interest rates, the relative health of the U.S. economy and employment levels, as well as industry or market specific factors such as housing supply and demand outlook. 
 In fiscal 2021, our conclusions about our ability to more likely than not realize all of our federal and certain state tax attributes remain consistent with our prior determinations. We considered positive factors including significant increases in our current earnings, interest savings from our debt reduction strategies, housing demand and price appreciation, and our backlog. The negative factors included the overall health of the broader economy, labor shortages and unemployment levels, as well as potential increases in mortgage interest rates. 
 Our accounting for deferred tax consequences represents our best estimate of future events. It is possible there will be changes that are not anticipated in our current estimates. If those changes resulted in significant and sustained reduction in our pre-tax earnings or our utilization of existing tax carryforwards, it is likely such changes would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. The nature and amounts of the various tax attributes comprising our deferred tax assets are discussed in Note 13 of notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to a number of market risks in the ordinary course of business. Our primary market risk exposure relates to fluctuations in interest rates. We do not believe that our exposure in this area is material to our cash flows or results of operations. As of September 30, 2021, we had variable-rate debt outstanding, totaling approximately 70.2 million. A one percent increase in the interest rate for these notes would result in an increase of our interest expense by approximately 1.0 million over the next twelve-month period. The estimated fair value of our fixed rate debt as of September 30, 2021 was 1.05 billion, compared to a carrying value of 0.98 billion. The effect of a hypothetical one-percentage point decrease in our estimated discount rates would increase the estimated fair value of the fixed rate debt instruments from 1.05 billion to 1.10 billion as of September 30, 2021. 
 40 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

BEAZER HOMES USA, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 in thousands (except share and per share data) September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable (net of allowance of and , respectively) 
 Income tax receivable Owned inventory Investments in unconsolidated entities Deferred tax assets, net Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Trade accounts payable Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total debt (net of debt issuance costs of and , respectively) 
 Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Preferred stock (par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued) 
 Common stock (par value per share, shares authorized, issued and outstanding and issued and outstanding, respectively) 
 Paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

41 

BEAZER HOMES USA, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, in thousands (except per share data) 2021 2020 2019 Total revenue Home construction and land sales expenses Inventory impairments and abandonments Gross profit Commissions General and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Operating income (loss) ) Equity in income of unconsolidated entities Loss on extinguishment of debt, net ) ) Other expense, net ) ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) Expense (benefit) from income taxes ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Weighted-average number of shares: Basic Diluted Basic income (loss) per share: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations ) ) ) Total ) Diluted income (loss) per share: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations ) ) Total ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 42 

BEAZER HOMES USA, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 Common Stock Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit in thousands Shares Amount Total Balance as of September 30, 2018 ) Net loss and comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercises of stock options Shares issued under employee stock plans, net Forfeiture of restricted stock ) Common stock redeemed for tax liability ) ) ) Share Repurchases ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2019 ) Net income and comprehensive income Stock-based compensation expense Exercises of stock options Shares issued under employee stock plans, net Forfeiture and other settlements of restricted stock ) ) ) Common stock redeemed for tax liability ) ) ) Share repurchases ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2020 ) Net income and comprehensive income Stock-based compensation expense Exercises of stock options Shares issued under employee stock plans, net Forfeiture and other settlements of restricted stock ) Common stock redeemed for tax liability ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2021 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 43 

BEAZER HOMES USA, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, in thousands 2021 2020 2019 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Inventory impairments and abandonments Deferred and other income tax expense (benefit) ) Gain on sale of fixed assets ) ) ) Change in allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Equity in income of unconsolidated entities ) ) ) Cash distributions of income from unconsolidated entities Loss on extinguishment of debt, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in accounts receivable ) ) Decrease in income tax receivable (Increase) decrease in inventory ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) Increase in trade accounts payable Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Return of capital from unconsolidated entities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayment of debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of new debt Repayment of borrowings from credit facility ) ) Borrowings from credit facility Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Tax payments for stock-based compensation awards ) ) ) Stock option exercises and other financing activities ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 44 

BEAZER HOMES USA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 (1) 
 states within geographic regions in the United States: the West, East, and Southeast. 
 Our homes are designed to appeal to homeowners at different price points across various demographic segments, and are generally offered for sale in advance of their construction. Our objective is to provide our customers with homes that incorporate exceptional value and quality, while seeking to maximize our return on invested capital over the course of a housing cycle. 
 
 (2) 

Refer to Note 5 for a further discussion and detail of our inventory balance. 
 45 

(depending on, among other things, the size of the community and its sales pace) to fully develop, sell, construct and close all the homes in a typical community. Projects in progress are stated at cost unless facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. 
 We assess our projects in progress inventory for indicators of impairment at the community level on a quarterly basis. We evaluate, among other things, the average sales price and margins on recent home closings, homes in backlog and expected future home sales for each community. If indicators of impairment are present for a community with more than homes remaining to close, we perform a recoverability test by comparing the expected undiscounted cash flows for the community to its carrying value. This undiscounted cash flow analysis requires important assumptions including, among other things, the current and future home sale prices, margins and the pace of closings to occur into the future. For those communities whose carrying values exceed the aggregate undiscounted cash flows, we perform a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of the community, and impairment charges are recorded if the fair value of the community's inventory is less than its carrying value. 
 The assumptions used in the determination of fair value of projects in progress communities are based on factors known to us at the time such estimates are made and our expectations of future operations and market conditions. The fair value of the community is estimated using the present value of the estimated future cash flows using discount rates commensurate with the risk associated with the underlying community. Should the estimates or expectations used in determining estimated fair values deteriorate in the future, we may be required to recognize additional impairment charges and write-offs related to these assets, and such amounts could be material. 
 46 

As of September 30, 2020 Unconsolidated lot option agreements 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 810, Consolidation (ASC 810), if the entity holding the land under option is a variable VIE, the Company's deposit represents a variable interest in that entity. ASC 810 requires a company consolidate a VIE if the company is determined to be the primary beneficiary. To determine whether we are the primary beneficiary of the VIE, we first evaluate whether we have the ability to control the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance. Such activities include, but are not limited to, (1) the ability to determine the budget and scope of land development work, if any; (2) the ability to control financing decisions for the VIE; (3) the ability to acquire additional land into the VIE or dispose of land in the VIE not under contract with Beazer; and (4) the ability to change or amend the existing option contract with the VIE. If we are not determined to control such activities, we are not considered the primary beneficiary of the VIE and thus do not consolidate the VIE. If we do have the ability to control such activities, we will continue our analysis by determining if we are expected to absorb a potentially significant amount of the VIE's losses or, if no party absorbs the majority of such losses, if we will benefit from potentially a significant amount of the VIE's expected gains. 
 
 47 

For additional discussion of these entities, refer to Note 4. 
 
 - years 
 Information systems Lesser of estimated useful life of the asset or years 
 Furniture, fixtures and computer and office equipment - years 
 Model and sales office improvements Lesser of estimated useful life of the asset or estimated life of the community Leasehold improvements Lesser of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset 
 
 48 

likely of being realized. We record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense within our consolidated statements of operations. Changes in recognition of measurement are recorded in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. Refer to Note 13 for a detailed discussion of our tax provision, deferred tax assets and valuation allowance. 
 Our income tax receivable includes the refundable portion of our alternative minimum tax credit. The alternative minimum tax credit became a refundable credit when the alternative minimum tax was eliminated with the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on December 22, 2017. During fiscal 2019, we recorded our initial refund claim of million, or half of our outstanding million credit. During fiscal 2020, the enactment of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (CARES) Act on March 27, 2020 enabled us to claim the entire million alternative minimum tax credit with the filing of our fiscal 2019 return. As a result, we reduced our deferred tax asset by the remaining million of alternative minimum tax credits and increased our tax receivable for the refund we expect to receive. 
 Land sales and other revenue Total revenue (a) 
 
 (a) Please see Note 18 for total revenue disaggregated by reportable segment. 
 49 

million and million as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively. Of the customer liabilities outstanding as of September 30, 2020, million was recognized in revenue during the year ended September 30, 2021, upon closing of the related homes, and million was refunded to or forfeited by the buyer. 
 Land sales and other revenue 
 Land sales revenue relates to land that does not fit within our homebuilding programs and strategic plans. Land sales typically require cash consideration on the closing date, which is generally when performance obligations are satisfied. We also provide title examinations for our homebuyers in certain markets. Revenues associated with our title operations are recognized as closing services are rendered and title insurance policies are issued, both of which generally occur as each home is closed. 
 Home Construction Expenses 
 Home construction expenses includes the specific construction costs of the home and the allocated lot costs (land acquisition, land development and other common costs are allocated to individual lots on a pro-rata basis based on the number of lots remaining to close). All home closing costs are charged to home construction expenses in the period when the revenues from home closing are recognized. 
 Sales discounts and incentives include cash discounts, discounts on home building options, option upgrades and seller-paid financing or closing costs. Cash discounts are accounted for as a reduction in the sale price of the home, thereby decreasing the amount of revenue we recognize on that closing. All sales incentives other than cash discounts are recognized as a cost of selling the home and are included in home construction expenses. 
 Estimated future warranty costs are charged to home construction expense in the period when the revenues from home closings are recognized. Such estimated warranty costs generally range from to of total revenue recognized for each home closed. Additional warranty costs are charged to home construction expenses as necessary based on management's estimate of the costs to remediate existing claims. See Note 9 for a more detailed discussion of warranty costs and related reserves. 
 Advertising Costs 
 Advertising costs related to continuing operations of million, million, and million for our fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, were expensed as incurred and were included in general and administrative (G A) expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 50 

(3) 
 Beginning operating lease liabilities (ASC 842 adoption) (a) 
 Increase in operating lease right-of-use assets (b) 
 Increase in operating lease liabilities (b) 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash activity: Interest payments Income tax payments Tax refunds received Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows 
 (a) On October 1, 2019, we adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02, Leases (ASU 2016-02) and related amendments, collectively codified in ASC Topic 842, Leases (ASC 842). Upon adoption of ASC 842, we recorded net operating lease right-of-use (ROU) assets of million and operating lease liabilities of million. Existing prepaid rent and accrued rent were recorded as an offset to the gross operating lease ROU assets. 
 (b) Represents additional leases that commenced during the year ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 . 
 51 

(4) 
 
 Total equity of unconsolidated entities Total outstanding borrowings of unconsolidated entities 
 Equity in income from unconsolidated entity activities included in income from continuing operations is as follows for the periods presented: 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, in thousands 2021 2020 2019 Equity in income of unconsolidated entities 
 For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019, there were impairments related to investments in unconsolidated entities. 
 Guarantees 
 Historically, the Company's joint ventures typically obtained secured acquisition, development, and construction financing. In addition, the Company and its joint venture partners provided varying levels of guarantees of debt and other debt-related obligations for these unconsolidated entities. However, as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, the Company had outstanding guarantees or other debt-related obligations related to our investments in unconsolidated entities. 
 The Company and its joint venture partners generally provide unsecured environmental indemnities to land development joint venture project lenders. These indemnities obligate the Company to reimburse the project lenders for claims related to environmental matters for which they are held responsible. During our fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company was not required to make any payments related to environmental indemnities. 
 In assessing the need to record a liability for these guarantees, the Company considers its historical experience in being required to perform under the guarantees, the fair value of the collateral underlying these guarantees, and the financial condition of the applicable unconsolidated entities. In addition, the fair value of the collateral of unconsolidated entities is monitored to ensure that the related borrowings do not exceed the specified percentage of the value of the property securing the borrowings. As of September 30, 2021, no liability was recorded for the contingent aspects of any guarantees that were determined to be reasonably possible but not probable. 
 52 

(5) Owned 
 Land under development Land held for future development Land held for sale Capitalized interest Model homes Total owned inventory 
 Homes under construction include homes substantially finished and ready for delivery and homes in various stages of construction, including costs of the underlying lot, direct construction costs and capitalized indirect costs . As of September 30, 2021, we had homes under construction, including spec homes totaling million in-process spec homes totaling million, and finished spec homes totaling million). As of September 30, 2020, we had homes under construction, including spec homes totaling million in-process spec units totaling million, and finished spec units totaling million). 
 Land under developmen t consist principally of land acquisition, land development and other common costs. These land related costs are allocated to individual lots on a pro-rata basis, and the lot costs are transferred to homes under construction when home construction begins for the respective lots. Certain of the fully developed lots in this category are reserved by a customer deposit or sales contract. 
 Land held for future development consists of communities for which construction and development activities are expected to occur in the future or have been idled and are stated at cost unless facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. All applicable carrying costs, such as interest and real estate taxes, are expensed as incurred. 
 Land held for sale includes land and lots that do not fit within our homebuilding programs and strategic plans in certain markets, and land is classified as held for sale once certain criteria are met (refer to Note 2). These assets are recorded at the lower of the carrying value or fair value less costs to sell (net realizable value). 
 The amount of interest we are able to capitalize depends on our qualified inventory balance, which considers the status of our inventory holdings. Our qualified inventory balance includes the majority of our homes under construction and land under development but excludes land held for future development and land held for sale (see Note 6 for additional information on capitalized interest). 

53 

East Southeast Corporate and unallocated (b) 
 Total September 30, 2020 West East Southeast Corporate and unallocated (b) 
 Total 
 (a) Projects in progress include homes under construction, land under development, capitalized interest, and model home categories from the preceding table. 
 
 54 

Southeast Corporate and unallocated (a) 
 Total impairment charges on projects in progress Land Held for Sale: West Southeast Corporate and unallocated (a) 
 Total impairment charges on land held for sale Abandonments: West East Southeast Total abandonment charges Total impairment and abandonment charges 
 (a) Amount represents capitalized interest and indirects balance that was impaired. Capitalized interest and indirects are maintained within our Corporate and unallocated segment. 
 Projects in Progress Impairments 
 We assess our projects in progress inventory for indicators of impairment at the community level on a quarterly basis. If indicators of impairment are present for a community with more than homes remaining to close, we perform a recoverability test by comparing the expected undiscounted cash flows for the community to its carrying value. If the aggregate undiscounted cash flows are in excess of the carrying value, the asset is considered to be recoverable and is not impaired. If the carrying value exceeds the aggregate undiscounted cash flows, we perform a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of the community, and impairment charges are recorded if the fair value of the community's inventory is less than its carrying value. 
 During the years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, we performed our quarterly projects in progress impairment assessments and determined that no community required an undiscounted cash flow analysis. No project in progress impairments were recognized during fiscal 2021 and 2020 . 
 During the year ended September 30, 2019, we performed discounted cash flow analyses on communities, in the West segment and in the Southeast segment, and recognized a total of million impairment charges related to our projects in progress. 
 55 

Southeast Corporate and unallocated (a) 
 Total 
 (a) Amount represents the capitalized interest and indirect cost that were impaired. Capitalized interest and indirect costs are maintained within our Corporate and unallocated segment. 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2019, we recognized impairment charges of million related to communities in our California submarkets, all of which were previously land held for future development assets. As of the beginning of the quarter, of these communities were included in projects in progress due to their activation for development in prior periods, while the remaining communities were classified as land held for future development and were subsequently reclassified to land held for sale during the second quarter of fiscal 2019 (refer to below section titled "Land Held for Sale Impairments" for further discussion). We performed discounted cash flow analyses for the communities in projects in progress and recognized million impairment charges, principally due to a reduction in price that is other than temporary based on competitive and market dynamics. Valuation assumptions for communities tested for impairment are specific to each community. The discount rate used depends on the development stage and expected duration of the project, local market conditions, and other specific factors. The estimated future cash flows for each community were determined based on the expected pace of closings and average sales price of the community less expected costs for land acquisition and land development, direct construction, overhead, and interest. 
 - 
 Closings per community per month - 
 Discount rate - 
 
 Land Held for Sale Impairments 
 Impairments on land held for sale generally represent write downs of these properties to net realizable value based on sales contracts, letters of intent, current market conditions and recent comparable land sale transactions, as applicable. Absent an executed sales contract, our assumptions related to land sales prices require significant judgment because the real estate market is highly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, and our estimates of sale prices could differ significantly from actual results. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we recognized land held for sales impairment charges compared to million land held for sales impairment charges recognized during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2019, concurrent with the California projects in progress impairment analyses described above, we performed a strategic review of our remaining land held for future development assets in California and determined to sell these parcels. As a consequence of change in strategy with respect to the future use of these assets, we recognized land held for sale impairments totaling million for communities in our West segment. 
 56 

million and million abandonment charges, respectively. There were no abandonment charges recognized during our fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. 
 
 (6) 
 
 Interest incurred Capitalized interest impaired ) ) Interest expense not qualified for capitalization and included as other expense (a) 
 ) ) ) Capitalized interest amortized to home construction and land sales expenses (b) 
 ) ) ) Capitalized interest in inventory, end of period 
 (a) The amount of interest capitalized depends on the qualified inventory balance, which considers the status of the Company's inventory holdings. Qualified inventory balance includes the majority of homes under construction and land under development but excludes land held for future development and land held for sale. 
 (b) Capitalized interest amortized to home construction and land sales expenses varies based on the number of homes closed during the period and land sales, if any, as well as other factors. 
 
 (7) 
 Information systems Furniture, fixtures and office equipment Leasehold improvements Buildings and improvements Property and equipment, gross Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 57 

(8) 
 6 3/4 Senior Notes (2025 Notes) March 2025 5 7/8 Senior Notes (2027 Notes) October 2027 7 1/4 Senior Notes (2029 Notes) October 2029 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total Senior Notes, net Junior Subordinated Notes (net of unamortized accretion of and , respectively) 
 July 2036 Revolving Credit Facility February 2024 Total debt, net 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total 
 Secured Revolving Credit Facility 
 The Secured Revolving Credit Facility provides working capital and letter of credit capacity of million . The Facility is currently with lenders. 
 On September 24, 2021, the Company executed a Tenth Amendment (the ""Amendment") to the Facility. The Tenth Amendment, among other things, extended the termination date of the Facility from February 15, 2023 to February 15, 2024. 
 The Facility allows us to issue letters of credit against the undrawn capacity. Subject to our option to cash collateralize our obligations under the Facility upon certain conditions, our obligations under the Facility are secured by liens on substantially all of our personal property and a significant portion of our owned real property. We also pledged approximately billion of inventory assets to the Facility to collateralize potential future borrowings or letters of credit (in addition to the letters of credit already issued under the Facility, if any). 
 As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, borrowings and letters of credit were outstanding under the Facility, resulting in a remaining capacity of million . The Facility requires compliance with certain covenants, including negative covenants and financial covenants. As of September 30, 2021, the Company believes it was in compliance with all such covenants. 
 Senior Unsecured Term Loan 
 On September 9, 2019, the Company entered into a term loan agreement, which provides for a Senior Unsecured Term Loan. The principal balance as of September 30, 2021 is million. The Term Loan will (1) mature in September 2022, with the remaining million annual repayment installment due in September 2022; (2) bears interest at a fixed rate of ; and (3) includes an option to prepay, subject to certain conditions and the payment of certain premiums. The Term Loan contains covenants generally consistent with the covenants contained in the Facility. As of September 30, 2021 , the Company believes it was in compliance with all such covenants. 
 58 

million and million, respectively, all of which were secured by cash collateral in restricted accounts totaling million and million, respectively . The Company may enter into additional arrangements to provide additional letter of credit capacity. 
 In May 2018, the Company entered into a reimbursement agreement, which provides for the issuance of performance letters of credit, and an unsecured credit agreement that provides for the issuance of up to million of standby letters of credit to backstop the Company's obligations under the reimbursement agreement (collectively, the "Bilateral Facility"). On June 17, 2020, the Company executed an Amendment No. 1 to the Bilateral Facility that extends the termination date of the agreement from June 10, 2021 to June 10, 2022. As of September 30, 2021, the total stated amount of performance letters of credit issued under the reimbursement agreement was million (and the stated amount of the backstop standby letter of credit issued under the credit agreement was million ). The Company may enter into additional arrangements to provide greater letter of credit capacity. 
 Senior Notes 
 The Company's Senior Notes are unsecured obligations ranking pari passu with all other existing and future senior indebtedness. Substantially all of the Company's significant subsidiaries are full and unconditional guarantors of the Senior Notes and are jointly and severally liable for obligations under the Senior Notes and the Facility. Each guarantor subsidiary is a owned subsidiary of Beazer Homes. 
 All unsecured Senior Notes rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future senior unsecured obligations, senior to all of the Company's existing and future subordinated indebtedness and effectively subordinated to the Company's existing and future secured indebtedness, including indebtedness under the Facility, if outstanding, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The unsecured Senior Notes and related guarantees are structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of all of the Company's subsidiaries that do not guarantee these notes, but are fully and unconditionally guaranteed jointly and severally on a senior basis by the Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries party to each applicable indenture. 
 The Company's Senior Notes are issued under indentures that contain certain restrictive covenants which, among other things, restrict our ability to pay dividends, repurchase our common stock, incur certain types of additional indebtedness, and make certain investments. Compliance with the Senior Note covenants does not significantly impact the Company's operations. The Company believes it was in compliance with the covenants contained in the indentures of all of its Senior Notes as of September 30, 2021. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we repurchased million of our outstanding 2027 Notes using cash on hand, resulting in a loss on extinguishment of debt of million. We had loss on extinguishment of debt during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. 

59 

of the principal amount, plus a customary make-whole premium; on or after March 15, 2020, callable at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount; on or after March 15, 2021, callable at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount; on or after March 15, 2022, callable at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount; on or after March 15, 2023, callable at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest 
 5 7/8 Senior Notes October 2017 October 2027 On or prior to October 15, 2022, we may redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date, provided at least of the aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes originally issued remains outstanding immediately after such redemption. 
 Callable at any time prior to October 15, 2022, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount, plus a customary make-whole premium on or after October 15, 2022, callable at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount on or after October 15, 2023, callable at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount on or after October 15, 2024, callable at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount on or after October 15, 2025, callable at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest 
 7 1/4 Senior Notes September 2019 October 2029 On or prior to October 15, 2022, we may redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date, provided at least of the aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes originally issued remains outstanding immediately after such redemption. 
 Callable at any time prior to October 15, 2024, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount, plus a customary make-whole premium; on or after October 15, 2024, callable at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount; on or after October 15, 2025, callable at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount; on or after October 15, 2026, callable at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount; on or after October 15, 2027, callable at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest 

60 

million as of September 30, 2021. The securities have a floating interest rate as defined in the Junior Subordinated Notes Indentures, which was a weighted-average of as of September 30, 2021. The obligations relating to these notes are subordinated to the Facility and the Senior Notes. In January 2010, the Company restructured million of these notes and recorded them at their then estimated fair value. Over the remaining life of the Junior Subordinated Notes, we will increase their carrying value until this carrying value equals the face value of the notes. As of September 30, 2021, the unamortized accretion was million and will be amortized over the remaining life of the notes. The remaining million of these notes are subject to the terms of the original agreement, have a floating interest rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus per annum, resetting quarterly, and are redeemable in whole or in part at par value. The material terms of the million restructured notes are identical to the terms of the original agreement except that the floating interest rate is subject to a floor of and a cap of . In addition, beginning on June 1, 2012, the Company has the option to redeem the million principal balance in whole or in part at of par value; beginning on June 1, 2022, the redemption price will increase by annually. As of September 30, 2021, the Company believes it was in compliance with all covenants under the Junior Subordinated Notes. 
 
 (9) 
 covering workmanship and materials per our defined quality standards. In addition, we provide a limited warranty for up to covering only certain defined structural element failures. 
 Our homebuilding work is performed by subcontractors who typically must agree to indemnify us with regard to their work and provide certificates of insurance demonstrating that they have met our insurance requirements and have named us as an additional insured under their policies. Therefore, many claims relating to workmanship and materials that result in warranty spending are the primary responsibility of these subcontractors. 
 Warranty reserves are included in other liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets, and the provision for warranty accruals is included in home construction expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Reserves covering anticipated warranty expenses are recorded for each home closed. Management assesses the adequacy of warranty reserves each reporting period based on historical experience and the expected costs to remediate potential claims. Our review includes a quarterly analysis of the historical data and trends in warranty expense by division. An analysis by division allows us to consider market specific factors such as warranty experience, the number of home closings, the prices of homes, product mix, and other data in estimating warranty reserves. In addition, the analysis also contemplates the existence of any non-recurring or community-specific warranty-related matters that might not be included in historical data and trends that may need to be separately estimated based on management's judgment of the ultimate cost of repair for that specific issue. While estimated warranty liabilities are adjusted each reporting period based on the results of our quarterly analyses, we may not accurately predict actual warranty costs, which could lead to significant changes in the reserve. 
 In addition, we maintain third-party insurance, subject to applicable self-insured retentions, for most construction defects that we encounter in the normal course of business. We believe that our warranty and litigation accruals and third-party insurance are adequate to cover the ultimate resolution of our potential liabilities associated with known and anticipated warranty and construction defect related claims and litigation. However, there can be no assurance that the terms and limitations of the limited warranty will be effective against claims made by homebuyers; that we will be able to renew our insurance coverage or renew it at reasonable rates; that we will not be liable for damages, the cost of repairs, and/or the expense of litigation surrounding possible construction defects, soil subsidence, or building related claims; or that claims will not arise out of events or circumstances not covered by insurance and/or not subject to effective indemnification agreements with our subcontractors. 
 61 

Accruals for warranties issued (a) 
 Changes in liability related to warranties existing in prior periods ) ) Payments made ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 (a) Accruals for warranties issued are a function of the number of home closings in the period, the selling prices of the homes closed and the rates of accrual per home estimated as a percentage of the selling price of the home. 
 Insurance Recoveries 
 The Company has insurance policies that provide for the reimbursement of certain warranty costs incurred above specified thresholds for each period covered. Amounts recorded for anticipated insurance recoveries are reflected within the consolidated statements of income as a reduction of home construction expenses. Amounts not yet received from our insurer are recorded on a gross basis, without any reduction for the associated warranty expense, within accounts receivable on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Litigation 
 In the normal course of business, we are subject to various lawsuits. We cannot predict or determine the timing or final outcome of these lawsuits or the effect that any adverse findings or determinations in pending lawsuits may have on us. In addition, an estimate of possible loss or range of loss, if any, cannot presently be made with respect to certain of these pending matters. An unfavorable determination in any of the pending lawsuits could result in the payment by us of substantial monetary damages that may not be fully covered by insurance. Further, the legal costs associated with the lawsuits and the amount of time required to be spent by management and our Board of Directors on these matters, even if we are ultimately successful, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Claims Related to Inventory Impairment Charges. During the quarter ended March 31, 2019, we recognized inventory impairment charges related to communities in California, all of which were previously land held for future development assets. Related to these inventory impairment charges, on June 5, 2019, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against Beazer Homes USA, Inc. and certain of our officers in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The proposed class consisted of all persons and entities that acquired our securities between August 1, 2014 and May 2, 2019. On October 18, 2019, the plaintiffs filed a notice of voluntary dismissal of this case, and the Court subsequently entered an order dismissing the case. 
 Beginning June 25, 2019, several shareholder derivative lawsuits relating to the same inventory impairment charges discussed above were filed against Beazer Homes USA, Inc., certain of our officers and members of our Board of Directors in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. The plaintiffs in these cases alleged breaches of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment and violations of the federal securities laws. These federal actions were consolidated into a single derivative action. Additionally, a substantially similar derivative action was filed in the Superior Court of Fulton County, Georgia. On October 5, 2020, the Court granted a motion to dismiss the consolidated federal action but provided the plaintiffs an opportunity to attempt to amend their complaint. An amended compl aint was filed in late October, and a motion to dismiss was filed thereafter. On March 30, 2021, the Court granted the motion to dismiss the consolidated federal action and dismissed the plaintiffs claims with prejudice. The plaintiffs then filed a notice of appeal but subsequently dismissed the appeal. On August 9, 2021, the plaintiffs in the Fulton County action voluntarily dismissed their complaint. 
 Other Matters 
 We and certain of our subsidiaries have been named as defendants in various claims, complaints, and other legal actions, most relating to construction defects, moisture intrusion, and product liability. Certain of the liabilities resulting from these actions are covered in whole or in part by insurance. 
 We have an accrual of million and million in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets related to litigation and other matters, excluding warranty, as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 We had outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds of million and million , respectively, as of September 30, 2021, related principally to our obligations to local governments to construct roads and other improvements in various developments. 
 62 

(10) 
 impairments on projects in progress and land held for sale. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, we recognized impairments on projects in progress and million on land held for sale. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, we recognized impairments of million on projects in progress and million on land held for sale. 
 Determining within which hierarchical level an asset or liability falls requires significant judgment. We evaluate our hierarchy disclosures each quarter. 
 The following table presents the period-end balances of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the impairment-date fair value of certain assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis for each hierarchy level. 
 As of September 30, 2020 Deferred compensation plan assets (a) 
 Land held for sale (b) 
 (c) 
 As of September 30, 2019 Deferred compensation plan assets (a) 
 Projects in progress (b) 
 (c) 
 Land held for sale (b) 
 (c) 
 
 (a) Measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 (b) Measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, including the capitalized interest and indirect costs related to the asset. 
 (c) Amount represents the impairment-date fair value of the projects in progress land held for sale assets that were impaired during the period indicated. 
 The fair value of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, trade accounts payable, other liabilities, and amounts due under the Facility (if outstanding) approximate their carrying amounts due to the short maturity of these assets and liabilities. When outstanding, obligations related to land not owned under option agreements approximate fair value. 
 63 

Junior Subordinated Notes (c) 
 Total 
 (a) Carrying amounts are net of unamortized debt issuance costs or accretion. 
 (b) The estimated fair value for our publicly-held Senior Notes and the Term Loan have been determined using quoted market rates (Level 2). 
 (c) Since there is no trading market for our Junior Subordinated Notes, the fair value of these notes is estimated by discounting scheduled cash flows through maturity (Level 3). The discount rate is estimated using market rates currently being offered on loans with similar terms and credit quality. Judgment is required in interpreting market data to develop these estimates of fair value. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that we could realize in a current market exchange. 
 
 (11) 
 million and million, respectively. Under ASC Topic 840, Leases (ASC 840), the Company s total rental expense was million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. Cash payments on lease liabilities during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 totaled million and million, respectively. Sublease income and variable lease expenses are de minimis. 
 years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 64 

2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 (12) 
 Customer deposits Accrued interest Accrued warranty expenses Litigation accruals Income tax liabilities Other Total 
 
 (13) 
 ) ) Current state Deferred federal ) Deferred state ) Total expense (benefit) ) 

65 

) State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Deferred rate change ) ) Changes in uncertain tax positions ) ) Permanent differences Tax credits ) ) ) Other, net ) Total expense (benefit) ) 
 The principal differences between our effective tax rate and the U.S. federal statutory rate for fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 relate to state taxes, permanent differences and tax credits. Due to the effects of changes in our valuation allowance on our deferred tax balance, tax credits and changes in our unrecognized tax benefits, our effective tax rates in fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019 are not meaningful metrics, as our income tax amounts were not directly correlated to the amount of our pretax income (loss) for those periods. 
 Deferred income taxes refl ect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of our assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 
 Inventory adjustments Incentive compensation Intangible assets Warranty and other reserves Property, equipment and other assets Uncertain tax positions Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net 
 As of September 30, 2021, our gross deferred tax assets above included million for federal net operating loss carryforwards, million for federal tax credits, and million for state net operating loss carryforwards. The majority of our federal net operating loss carryforwards expire at various dates through our fiscal 2033, and the federal tax credits and majority of our state net operating losses expire at various dates through our fiscal 2041. As of September 30, 2021, valuation allowance of million remains on various state attributes for which the Company has concluded it is not more likely than not that these attributes would be realized at that time. 
 We experienced an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (Section 382) as of January 12, 2010. Section 382 contains rules that limit the ability of a company that undergoes an ownership change to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards, tax credits and certain built-in losses or deductions recognized during the five-year period after the ownership change to offset future taxable income. Because the five-year period has expired, we have determined the actual impact and final classification of those amounts, which are properly reflected in the amounts presented above. There can be no assurance that another ownership change, as defined in the tax law, will not occur. If another ownership change occurs, a new annual limitation on the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards, tax credits and built-in losses would be determined as of that date. This limitation, should one be required in the future, is subject to assumptions and estimates that could differ from actual results. 
 66 

million in pre-tax income over the course of its carryforward period to realize its deferred tax assets prior to their expiration, which, as previously discussed, is the Company's fiscal 2041. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 Additions for tax positions related to current year Additions for tax positions related to prior years Reductions in tax positions of prior years Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 If we were to recognize our million of gross unrecognized tax benefits remaining as of September 30, 2021, substantially all would impact our effective tax rate. Additionally, we had no accrued interest and penalties as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020. If applicable, we would record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense within our consolidated statements of operations. 
 In the normal course of business, we are subject to audits by federal and state tax authorities regarding various tax liabilities. The statute of limitations for our major tax jurisdictions remains open for examination for fiscal year 2007 and subsequent years. As of September 30, 2021, we do not expect that any of our uncertain tax positions will reverse within the next twelve months. 
 
 (14) 
 shares of preferred stock outstanding. 
 Common Stock 
 As of September 30, 2021, the Company had shares of common stock authorized and shares both issued and outstanding. 

67 

million of its outstanding common stock. As part of this program, the Company has repurchased common stock during fiscal 2019 and 2020 through open market transactions, 10b5-1 plans, and accelerated share repurchase (ASR) agreements. All shares have been retired upon repurchase. The aggregate reduction to stockholders equity related to share repurchases during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019 was million and million, respectively. No share repurchases were made during fiscal 2021. As of September 30, 2021, the remaining availability of the share repurchase program was million . 
 Dividends 
 The indentures under which our Senior Notes were issued contain certain restrictive covenants, including limitations on our payment of dividends. There were no dividends paid during our fiscal 2021, 2020, or 2019. 
 Section 382 Rights Agreement 
 or more of the Company s common stock. 
 
 (15) 
 to of their salary to the Plan, with certain limitations on highly compensated individuals. The Company matches of the first of the participant's contributions. The participant's contributions vest immediately, while the Company's contributions vest over . The total Company contributions for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 were approximately million, million, and million, respectively. During fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, participants forfeited million, million, and million, respectively, of unvested matching contributions. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 The Beazer Homes USA, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the DCP) is a non-qualified deferred compensation plan for a select group of executives and highly compensated employees. The DCP allows the executives to defer current compensation on a pre-tax basis to a future year, until termination of employment. The objectives of the DCP are to assist executives with financial planning and capital accumulation and to provide the Company with a method of attracting, rewarding and retaining executives. Participation in the DCP is voluntary. Beazer Homes may voluntarily make a contribution to the participants' DCP accounts. Deferred compensation assets of million and million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets and are recorded at fair value. Deferred compensation liabilities of million and million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company contributed approximately million, million, and million, respectively, to the DCP in the form of voluntary contributions. 
 
 (16) 
 million shares of common stock for issuance under our various equity incentive plans, of which million shares are availabl e for future grants. 

68 

Restricted stock awards expense Stock-based compensation expense 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date, generally vest two or after the date of grant, and may be exercised thereafter until their expiration, subject to forfeiture upon termination of employment as provided in the applicable plan. Under certain conditions of retirement, eligible participants may receive a partial vesting of stock options. Stock options generally expire on the eighth anniversary from the date such options were granted, depending on the terms of the award. 
 The fair value of each stock option granted is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model (Black-Scholes Model). As of September 30, 2021, the intrinsic value of our stock options outstanding and vested and exercisable wer e million and million , respectively. As of both September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, there wa s less than million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unv ested stock options. The cost remaining as of September 30, 2021 is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 During fiscal 2018, the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors approved the Employee Stock Option Program (ESOP). This program is available to all full-time employees and is designed to enable employees to share in potential price appreciation of the Company's stock. The ESOP matches stock purchases made by eligible employees meeting certain conditions with an option to purchase an additional share of the Company's shares on a one-to-one basis. The exercise price of the options granted is equal to the closing price of the Company's stock on the day the underlying shares are purchased by the employee, which is also the ESOP grant date. The options will vest on the second anniversary of the date of grant but are forfeited if (1) the eligible employee no longer works for the Company or (2) the underlying shares are sold before the vesting period is over. The total number of options available under the ESOP is limited to , of which options were granted through the end of fiscal 2021. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2021, we issued s tock options. 
 years years Expected volatility Expected dividends Weighted-average risk-free interest rate Weighted-average fair value 
 We relied upon a combination of the observed exercise behavior of our prior grants with similar characteristics, the vesting schedule of the current grants, and an index of peer companies with similar grant characteristics to determine the expected life of the options granted. We considered historic returns of our stock and the implied volatility of our publicly-traded options in determining expected volatility. We assumed no dividends would be paid since our Board of Directors has suspended payment of dividends indefinitely and payment of dividends is restricted under our Senior Note covenants. The ri sk-free interest rate is based on the term structure of interest rates at the time of the option grant. 

69 

Granted Exercised ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding at end of period Exercisable at end of period 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fair market value of options vested 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 The fair value of each restricted stock award with market conditions is estimated on the date of grant using the Monte Carlo valuation method. The fair value of restricted stock awards without market conditions is based on the market price of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. If applicable, the cash-settled component of any awards granted to employees is accounted for as a liability, which is adjusted to fair value each reporting period until vested. 
 Compensation cost arising from restricted stock awards granted to employees is recognized as an expense using the straight-line method over the vesting period. As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, there was million and million, respectively, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock awards. The cost remaining as of September 30, 2021 is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 During fiscal 2021, we issued time-based restricted stock awards and performance-based restricted stock awards with a payout subject to certain performance and market conditions. Each award type is discussed below. 
 70 

shares of performance-based restricted stock (2021 Performance Shares) to our executive officers and certain other employees that also have market conditions. The 2021 Performance Shares are structured to be awarded based on the Company's performance under three pre-determined financial and operational metrics at the end of the performance period. After determining the number of shares earned based on the financial and operational metrics, which can range from to of the targeted number of shares, the award will be subject to further upward or downward adjustment by as much as based on the Company's relative total shareholder return (TSR) compared against the S P Homebuilders Select Industry Index during the performance period. The 2021 Performance Shares were val ued using the Monte Carlo valuation model due to the existence of the TSR market condition and had an estimated fair value of pe r share on the date of grant. 
 A Monte Carlo valuation model requires the following inputs: (1) the expected dividend yield on the underlying stock; (2) the expected price volatility of the underlying stock; (3) the risk-free interest rate for the period corresponding with the expected term of the award; and (4) the fair value of the underlying stock. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield Grant-date stock price 
 Each of our performance share represents a contingent right to receive one share of the Company's common stock if vesting is satisfied at the end of the performance period. Our performance stock award plans provide that any performance shares earned in excess of the target number of performance shares issued may be settled in cash or additional shares at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. In November 2019, we cash settled shares earned above target level based on the performance level achieved under our 2017 performance-based award plan. The cash payment totaled million, which was reflected as a reduction to paid-in capital in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of stockholders' equity. We have not cash settled any such performance-based awards prior to or subsequent to the November 2019 transaction, and we have no current plans to cash settle any additional performance-based restricted shares in the future. 
 The performance criteria of the 2019 Performance Share grant were satisfied as of September 30, 2021. Based on the actual performance level achieved, performance-based restricted stock awards from the 2019 Performance Share grant cliff vested at the end of the vesting period on November 15, 2021. Of the total million compensation cost related to these awards, we have recognized million, million, and million during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. The remaining million of unrecognized compensation cost will be recognized in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 71 

shares of t ime-based restricted stock (Restricted Shares) to our directors, executive officers, and certain other employees. Restricted Shares are valued based on the market price of the Company's common stock on the date of the grant. The Restricted Shares granted to our non-employee directors vest on the first anniversary of the grant, while the Restricted Shares granted to our executive officers and other employees generally vest ratably over from the date of grant. 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) End of period 
 (a) Grant and vesting activity during the year ended September 30, 2021 include shares that were issued above target based on performance level achieved under performance-based restricted stock vesting in the current period. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2020 Performance-Based Time-Based Total Shares Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value Shares Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value Shares Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value Beginning of period Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) End of period 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2019 Performance-Based (a) 
 Time-Based Total Shares Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value Shares Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value Shares Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value Beginning of period Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) End of period 
 (a) Grant and vesting activity during the year ended September 30, 2019 include shares that were issued above target based on performance level achieved under performance-based restricted stock vesting in the current period. 
 72 

(17) 
 ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Denominator: Basic weighted-average shares Dilutive effect of restricted stock awards Dilutive effect of stock options Diluted weighted-average shares (a) 
 Basic income (loss) per share: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations ) ) ) Total ) Diluted income (loss) per share: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations ) ) Total ) 
 (a) The following potentially dilutive shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share as a result of their anti-dilutive effect. Due to the reported net losses for the year ended September 30, 2019, all common stock equivalents were excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share for fiscal year 2019 because inclusion would have resulted in anti-dilution. 
 Time-based restricted stock Performance-based restricted stock 
 73 

(18) 
 states that are grouped into homebuilding segments based on geography. Revenues from our homebuilding segments are derived from the sale of homes that we construct and from land and lot sales. Our reportable segments have been determined on a basis that is used internally by management for evaluating segment performance and resource allocations. We have considered the applicable aggregation criteria, and have combined our homebuilding operations into reportable segments as follows: 
 West : Arizona, California, Nevada, and Texas 
 East : Delaware, Indiana, Maryland, New Jersey (a) , Tennessee, and Virginia 
 Southeast : Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina 
 (a) During our fiscal 2015, we made the decision that we would not continue to reinvest in new homebuilding assets in our New Jersey division; therefore, it is no longer considered an active operation. However, it is included in this listing because the segment information below continues to include New Jersey. 
 Management s evaluation of segment performance is based on segment operating income. Operating income for our homebuilding segments is defined as homebuilding and land sales and other revenue less home construction, land development and land sales expense, commission expense, depreciation and amortization, and certain G A expenses that are incurred by or allocated to our homebuilding segments. The accounting policies of our segments are those described in Note 2. 
 East Southeast Total revenue 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, in thousands 2021 2020 2019 Operating income (loss) (a) 
 West ) East Southeast Segment total Corporate and unallocated (b) 
 ) ) ) Total operating income (loss) ) 
 (a) Operating income (loss) is impacted by impairment and abandonment charges incurred during the periods presented (see Not e 5 for further information). For the year ended September 30, 2021, September 30, 2020, and September 30, 2019, we recognized million , million and million of inventory impairment and abandonment charges, respectively, at our reportable segments. 
 (b) Corporate and unallocated operating loss includes amortization of capitalized interest, movement in capitalized indirect costs, expenses related to numerous shared services functions that benefit all segments but are not allocated to the operating segments reported above, including information technology, treasury, corporate finance, legal, branding and national marketing, and other amounts that are not allocated to our operating segments. For the year ended September 30, 2021, there were impairments of capitalized interest and capitalized indirect costs. For the year ended September 30, 2020, and September 30, 2019, we wrote off million, and million of capitalized interest and capitalized indirect costs, respectively (see Note 5 for further information). 

74 

East Southeast Segment total Corporate and unallocated (a) 
 Total depreciation and amortization 
 (a) Corporate and unallocated depreciation and amortization represents depreciation and amortization related to assets held by our corporate functions that benefit all segments. 
 The following table presents capital expenditures by segment for the periods presented: 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, in thousands 2021 2020 2019 Capital expenditures West East Southeast Corporate and unallocated Total capital expenditures 
 The following table presents assets by segment as of September 30, 2021 and 2020: 
 in thousands September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Assets West East Southeast Corporate and unallocated (a) 
 Total assets 
 (a) Primarily consists of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, deferred taxes, capitalized interest and indirect costs, and other items that are not allocated to the segments. 

75 

(19) 
 
 Home construction and land sales expenses (a) 
 Gross loss ) ) ) General and administrative expenses Operating loss ) ) ) Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities ) Other income, net Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes ) ) ) Benefit from income taxes ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) 
 (a) Hom e construction and land sales expenses for the year ended September 30, 2020 include a million estimated litigation settlement accrual relating to a case regarding past construction defects in our discontinued operations. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, the Company paid million during fiscal 2021. 
 
 (20) 
 
 76 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Beazer Homes USA, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Beazer Homes USA, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated November 10, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Owned Inventory - Valuation of Projects in Progress Refer to Notes 2 and 5 to the financial statements. 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Projects in progress inventory includes homes under construction and land under development grouped together as communities. Projects in progress are stated at cost unless facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. The Company assesses its projects in progress inventory for indicators of potential impairment at the community level on a quarterly basis. The Company evaluates, among other things, the average sales price and margins on current homes and sales contracts in backlog for each community. As of September 30, 2021, the carrying value of the Company s projects in progress inventory was 1.47 billion. 
 Given the subjectivity in determining whether impairment indicators are present at a community, management exercises significant judgment when evaluating for indicators of impairment. Accordingly, auditing management s judgments regarding the identification of impairment indicators involved an increased extent of effort and especially subjective auditor judgment. 
 
 77 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s identification of impairment indicators for projects in progress included the following, among others: 
 We tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management s evaluation of impairment indicators. 
 We evaluated management s impairment indicator analysis by: 
 Testing whether all communities classified as projects in progress inventory were included in the impairment indicators analysis. 
 Testing each community classified as projects in progress inventory for indicators of impairment including considering average sales price and margins on current homes and sales contracts in backlog . 
 Developing an independent expectation of indicators and compared such expectations to those included in the impairment indicator analysis. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 November 10, 2021 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1996. 
 78 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Beazer Homes USA, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Beazer Homes USA, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021, of the Company and our report dated November 10, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 November 10, 2021 
 79 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2021 pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on the evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2021. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) and reflect management s judgments and estimates concerning events and transactions that are accounted for or disclosed. 
 Our management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our CEO and CFO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and even when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. Management s assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company has maintained effective internal control over f inancial reporting as of September 30, 2021. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 80 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our proxy statement for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed on or before December 17, 2021. 
 Code of Ethics 
 Beazer Homes has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, and other senior financial officers. In November 2019, the Company s Board of Directors amended the Code. The full text of the Code, as amended, can be found on the Company s website at www.beazer.com. If at any time there is an amendment or waiver of any provision of the Code that is required to be disclosed, information regarding such amendment or waiver will be published on the Company s website. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our proxy statement for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed on or before December 17, 2021. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information relating to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is set forth above in Item 5 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. All of the other information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our proxy statement for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed on or before December 17, 2021. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our proxy statement for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed on or before December 17, 2021. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our proxy statement for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed on or before December 17, 2021. 
 81 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements 
 Page Herein Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 41 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 
 42 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 
 43 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 
 44 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 45 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules None required. 
 3. Exhibits All exhibits were filed under File No. 001-12822, except as otherwise indicated below. 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2008) 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment, dated April 13, 2010, to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010) 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment, dated February 3, 2011, to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2011) 
 3.4 Certificate of Amendment, dated October 11, 2012, to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2012) 
 3.5 Certificate of Amendment, dated February 2, 2013, to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2013) 
 3.6 Certificate of Amendment, dated November 6, 2013, to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on November 7, 2013) 
 3.7 Certificate of Amendment, dated November 11, 2016, to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.8 of the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016) 
 3.8 Certificate of Amendment, dated as of November 8, 2019, and effective as of November 12, 2019, to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.8 of the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2019) 
 3.9 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2010) 
 4.1 Specimen Physical Common Stock Certificate of Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Form 10-K filed on November 10, 2015) 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of April 17, 2002 among the Company, the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.11 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on July 16, 2002) 
 4.3 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated January 9, 2006, to the Indenture dated as of April 17, 2002 (incorporated herein by referenced to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2006) 
 4.4 Reserved. 
 82 

4.5 Reserved. 4.6 Form of Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated June 15, 2006, between the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2006) 
 4.7 Form of Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated June 15, 2006, among the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, Chase Bank USA, National Association, and certain individuals named therein as Administrative Trustees (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2006) 
 4.8 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated October 26, 2007, amending and supplementing the Indenture dated April 17, 2002, by and among Beazer Homes USA, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on October 30, 2007) 
 4.9 Junior Subordinated Indenture between Beazer Homes USA, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee, dated as of January 15, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Form 8-K dated January 21, 2010) 
 4.10 Reserved. 4.11 Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated July 22, 2011, to the Indenture dated April 17, 2002, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, amending and supplementing the Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 20, 2010, and the Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated November 12, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011) 
 4.12 Reserved. 4.15 Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2017, between the Company, the Guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 10, 2017) 
 4.16 Form of 5.875 Senior Note due 2027 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 10, 2017) 
 4.17 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2017, between the Company, the Guarantors and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, as representative of the Initial Purchasers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 10, 2017) 
 4.18 Section 382 Rights Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2019, and effective as of November 14, 2019, between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.18 of the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2019) 
 4.19 Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 2, 2014, between Beazer-Inspirada LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2(i) to the Company s Form S-4 filed on June 10, 2014 (File No. 333-196637)) 
 4.20 Supplemental Indenture, dated April 2, 2014, between Beazer-Inspirada LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, related to the Company s 6.625 Senior Secured Notes due 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5(c) to the Company s Form S-4 filed on June 10, 2014 (File No. 333-196637)) 
 4.21 Supplemental Indenture, dated April 2, 2014, between Beazer-Inspirada LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, related to the Company s 7.250 Senior Notes due 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6(c) to the Company s Form S-4 filed on June 10, 2014 (File No. 333-196637)) 
 4.22 Supplemental Indenture, dated April 2, 2014, between Beazer-Inspirada LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, related to the Company s 7.500 Senior Notes due 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7(c) to the Company s Form S-4 filed on June 10, 2014 (File No. 333-196637)) 
 4.23 Reserved. 4.24 Reserved. 4.25 Reserved. 4.31 Indenture for 6.750 Senior Notes due 2025, dated March 14, 2017, by and among the Company, the Guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2017) 
 4.32 Form of 6.750 Senior Note due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2017) 
 4.33 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2017, by and among the Company, the Guarantors and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, as representatives of the Initial Purchasers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Form 8-K filed March 15, 2017) 
 
 83 

4.34 Indenture for 7.250 Senior Notes due 2029, dated as of September 24, 2019, by and among the Company, the Guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2019) 
 4.35 Form of 7.250 Senior Note due 2029 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company's 8-K filed on September 24, 2019) 
 4.36 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2019, by and among the Company, the Guarantors and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, as representative of the Initial Purchasers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2019) 
 4.37 Description of the Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 10.1 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2003) 
 10.2 Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008) 
 10.3 Second Amended and Restated Corporate Management Stock Purchase Program (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2007) 
 10.4 Director Stock Purchase Program (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2004) 
 10.5 Form of Stock Option and Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2004) 
 10.6 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2004) 
 10.7 Form of Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Performance Share Awards, dated as of February 2, 2006 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006) 
 10.8 Form of Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Option and Restricted Stock Awards, dated as of February 2, 2006 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006) 
 10.9 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2008) 
 10.10 2008 Beazer Homes USA, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, adopted effective January 1, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007) 
 10.11 Discretionary Employee Bonus Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007) 
 10.12 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010) 
 10.13 Form of 2010 Equity Incentive Plan Employee Award Agreement for Option and Restricted Stock Awards (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010) 
 10.14 Form of 2010 Equity Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Option and Restricted Stock Awards (Non-Employee Directors) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010) 
 10.15 Form of 2010 Equity Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Option and Restricted Stock Awards (Named Executive Officers) dated as of November 16, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's 8-K filed on November 22, 2011) 
 10.16 Form of 2010 Equity Incentive Plan Performance Cash Award Agreement (Named Executive Officers) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2012) 
 10.17 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix I of the Company s Form DEF 14A filed on December 19, 2016) 
 10.18 Reserved. 10.19 Reserved. 10.20 Reserved. 10.21 Form of 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Awards (Named Executive Officers) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on November 13, 2014) 
 
 84 

10.22 Form of 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for TSR Performance Share Awards (Named Executive Officers) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on November 13, 2014) 
 10.23 Form of 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Pre-Tax Income Performance Share Awards (Named Executive Officers) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on November 13, 2014) 
 10.24 Form of 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Awards (Non-Employee Directors) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on November 13, 2014) 
 10.25 Form of 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Performance Shares (Named Executive Officers) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on February 4, 2016) 
 10.26 Form of 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Performance Shares (Named Executive Officers) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Company's Form 10-K filed on November 14, 2017) 
 10.27 Severance and Change In Control Agreement by and between Allan P. Merrill and the Company, effective as of September 18, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2018) 
 10.28 Severance and Change In Control Agreement by and between Robert L. Salomon and the Company, effective as of September 18, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2018) 
 10.29 Severance and Change In Control Agreement by and between Keith L. Belknap and the Company, effective as of September 18, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of the Company's Form 10-K filed on November 13, 2018) 
 10.30 Severance and Change in Control Agreement, dated November 20, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K/A filed on November 20, 2020) 
 10.31 Letter Agreement dated November 20, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2020), as amended 
 10.32 Delayed-Draw Term Loan Facility, dated November 16, 2010, among Beazer Homes USA, Inc., Citibank, N.A. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2010) 
 10.33 Delayed-Draw Term Loan Facility, dated November 16, 2010, among Beazer Homes USA, Inc., Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2010) 
 10.34 First Amendment to the Delayed-Draw Term Loan Facility, dated as of November 16, 2010, by and between Beazer Homes USA, Inc. and Citibank, N.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's 8-K filed on August 9, 2012) 
 10.35 First Amendment to the Delayed-Draw Term Loan Facility, dated as of November 16, 2010, by and between Beazer Homes USA, Inc. and Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company's 8-K filed on August 9, 2012) 
 10.36 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2012, between Beazer Homes USA, Inc., as borrower, the lenders party thereto, the issuers party thereto, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's 8-K filed on September 26, 2012) 
 10.37 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2014, between Beazer Homes USA, Inc., as borrower, the lenders party thereto, the issuers party thereto, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on November 13, 2014) 
 10.38 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2015, between Beazer Homes USA, Inc., as borrower, the lenders party thereto, the issuers party thereto, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of the Company's 10-K filed on November 10, 2015) 
 10.39 Credit Agreement, dated March 11, 2016, by and between Beazer Homes USA, Inc. and Wilmington Trust (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 11, 2016) 
 10.40 Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2016, by and among Beazer Homes USA, Inc., as borrower, the lenders party thereto, the issuers party thereto, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed October 13, 2016) 
 
 85 

10.41 Fourth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2012, among the Company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, the issuers party thereto, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as agent, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 24, 2017) 
 10.42 Fifth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2012, among the Company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, the issuers party thereto, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as agent, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2018) 
 10.43 Sixth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2012, among the Company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, the issuers party thereto, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as agent, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 10-Q filed on May 2, 2019) 
 10.42 Seventh Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2012, among the Company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, the issuers party thereto, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as agent, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2019) 
 10.43 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2019, by and among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company as guarantors thereto, and Credit Suisse International, as lender (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2019) 
 10.44 Form of 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Performance Shares (Named Executive Officers) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2017) 
 10.45 Eighth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2012, among the Company, as borrower, the lenders and issuers party thereto, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, acting as agent, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.45 of the Company's Form 10-Q filed on April 4, 2020) 
 10.46 Amended and Restated 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix I of the Company s Form DEF 14A filed on December 20, 2019) 
 10.47 Ninth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2012, among the Company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, the issuers party thereto, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as agent, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2020) 
 10.48 Tenth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2012, among the Company, as borrower, the lenders and issuers party thereto, and Credit Suisse AG Cayman Islands Branch, acting as agent, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2021) 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 22 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 23 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 
 31.1 Certification pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14 promulgated under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14 promulgated under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Represents a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 86 

(b) Exhibits Reference is made to Item 15(a)3 above. The following is a list of exhibits, included in item 15(a)3 above, that are filed concurrently with this report. 
 
 4.37 Description of the Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 22 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 23 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 
 31.1 Certification pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14 promulgated under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14 promulgated under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules Reference is made to Item 15(a)2 above. 
 
 87 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: November 10, 2021 Beazer Homes USA, Inc. By: /s/ Allan P. Merrill Name: Allan P. Merrill Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Date: November 10, 2021 By: /s/ Allan P. Merrill Name: Allan P. Merrill Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Date: November 10, 2021 By: /s/ David I. Goldberg Name: David I. Goldberg Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: November 10, 2021 By: /s/ Elizabeth S. Acton Name: Elizabeth S. Acton Director 
 Date: November 10, 2021 By: /s/ Lloyd E. Johnson Name: Lloyd E. Johnson Director 
 Date: November 10, 2021 By: /s/ Peter M. Orser Name: Peter M. Orser Director 
 Date: November 10, 2021 By: /s/ Norma A. Provencio Name: Norma A. Provencio Director 
 Date: November 10, 2021 By: /s/ Danny R. Shepherd Name: Danny R. Shepherd Director 
 Date: November 10, 2021 By: /s/ David J. Spitz Name: David J. Spitz Director 
 Date: November 10, 2021 By: /s/ C. Christian Winkle Name: C. Christian Winkle Director 
 88 

<EX-4.37>
 2
 bzh-9302110kex437.htm
 EX-4.37

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.37 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 As of September 30, 2021, Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (the Company, us, we, or our had one class of securities, our common stock, par value 0.001 per share, registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BZH. 
 The following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ), our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Charter and our Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws ), as each may be amended from time to time. 
 Common Stock 
 General . Our Charter authorizes the issuance of 63,000,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share. As of November 5, 2021, there were 31,294,498 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 
 Voting rights. Holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Except as otherwise provided in our Charter or as required by law, our common stock is the only capital stock entitled to vote in the election of directors. Our common stock does not have cumulative voting rights. 
 Dividend rights . Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends and distributions lawfully declared by our board of directors. If we liquidate, dissolve, or wind up our business, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive any assets available for distribution to our stockholders after we have paid or set apart for payment the amounts necessary to satisfy any preferential or participating rights to which the holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock are entitled by the express terms of such series of preferred stock. 
 Other matters . Upon our dissolution or liquidation or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors, the holders of shares of our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata our remaining assets available for distribution. Holders of shares of our common stock do not have preemptive, subscription, redemption, or conversion rights, no redemption or sinking fund provisions are applicable to our common stock. All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. We may issue additional shares of our authorized but unissued common stock as approved by our board of directors from time to time. 
 Our Charter authorizes the issuance of 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.01 par value. The rights and privileges of holders of our common stock are subject to any preferred stock that we may issue in the future. 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 Our Charter and Bylaws, as well as the DGCL, contain provisions that may delay, defer, or discourage another party from acquiring control of us. These provisions, which are summarized below, may discourage coercive takeover practices or inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors, which we believe may result in an improvement of the terms of any such acquisition in favor of our stockholders. However, they also give our board of directors the power to discourage acquisitions that some stockholders may favor. 
 Section 203 of the DGCL. We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. Subject to certain exceptions, Section 203 prevents a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with any interested stockholder for three years following the date that the person became an interested stockholder, unless the interested stockholder attained such status with the approval of our board of directors or unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes, among other things, a merger or consolidation involving us and the interested stockholder and the sale of more than 10 of our assets. In general, an interested stockholder is any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by such entity or person. 
 Protective Amendment and Section 382 Rights Agreement . In February 2011, our stockholders approved an amendment to our certificate of incorporation (the Protective Amendment designed to preserve the value of certain tax assets associated with net operating loss NOL carryforwards under Section 382. In February 2013, our stockholders approved an extension of the term of the Protective Amendment and approved a Section 382 Rights Agreement that was adopted by our board of directors. 

These instruments are intended to act as deterrents to any person or group, together with their affiliates and associates, from being or becoming the beneficial owner of 4.95 or more of our common stock. In February 2016, our stockholders approved an extension of the Protective Amendment to November 12, 2019 and approved a new Section 382 Rights Agreement adopted by our board of directors with an expiration date of November 14, 2019. In February 2019, our stockholders approved an extension of the Protective Amendment to November 12, 2022 and approved a new Section 382 Rights Agreement adopted by our board of directors with an expiration date of November 14, 2022. 
 Our board of directors has adopted a Rights Agreement pursuant to which holders of our common stock will be entitled to purchase from us one one-thousandth of a share of our Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock if any Acquiring Person (as defined in the Rights Agreement) acquires beneficial ownership of 4.95 or more of our common stock or if a tender offer or exchange offer is commenced that would result in a person or group acquiring beneficial ownership of 4.95 or more of our common stock. The exercise price per right is 50, subject to adjustment. These provisions of the Rights Agreement could have certain anti-takeover effects because the rights provided to holders of our common stock under the Rights Agreement will cause substantial dilution to a person or group that acquires our common stock or engages in other specified events without the rights under the agreement having been redeemed or in the event of an exchange of the rights for common stock as permitted in the agreement. 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares . The authorized but unissued shares of our common stock and our preferred stock are available for future issuance without stockholder approval, subject to any limitations imposed by the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate finance transactions, acquisitions, and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could make more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger, or otherwise. 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders . Our Bylaws also provide that, except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of the stockholders may only be called by our board of directors. 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations. In addition, our Bylaws contain provisions requiring that advance notice be delivered to us of any business to be brought by a stockholder before an annual meeting of stockholders and providing for certain procedures to be followed by stockholders in nominating persons for election to our board of directors. Generally, such advance notice provisions provide that the stockholder must give written notice to our Secretary not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of our notice of annual meeting for the preceding year s annual meeting provided, however, that in the event that the date of the meeting is changed by more than 30 days from the anniversary date of the preceding year s annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be received no later than the close of business on the 10th day following the earlier of the day on which notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or public disclosure was made. The notice must set forth specific information regarding such stockholder and such business or director nominee, as described in our Bylaws. Such requirement is in addition to those set forth in the regulations adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 Our Charter and Bylaws provide indemnification for our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. In addition, as permitted by Delaware law, our Charter includes provisions that eliminate the personal liability of our directors for monetary damages resulting from breaches of certain fiduciary duties as a director. The effect of these provisions is to restrict our rights and the rights of our stockholders in derivative suits to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of fiduciary duties as a director, except that a director will be personally liable for 
 any breach of his duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders 
 acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law 
 any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit or 
 unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the DGCL. 
 These provisions may be held not to be enforceable for violations of the federal securities laws of the United States. 
 Listing 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BZH. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. 

</EX-4.37>

<EX-21>
 3
 bzh-9302110kex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 

Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Beazer Charity Foundation, Inc. Delaware Beazer Clarksburg, LLC Maryland Beazer Employee Disaster Assistance Corp. Georgia Beazer Gain, LLC Delaware Beazer General Services, Inc. Delaware Beazer Homes Capital Trust I Delaware Beazer Homes Holdings, LLC Delaware Beazer Homes Indiana Holdings Corp. Delaware Beazer Homes Indiana LLP Indiana Beazer Homes Investments, LLC Delaware Beazer Homes, LLC Delaware Beazer Homes Sales, Inc. Delaware Beazer Homes Texas Holdings, Inc. Delaware Beazer Homes Texas, L.P. Delaware Beazer Mortgage Corporation Delaware Beazer Realty Corp. Georgia Beazer Realty Los Angeles, Inc. Delaware Beazer Realty Services, LLC Delaware BH Building Products, LP Delaware BH Procurement Services, LLC Delaware Charity Title Agency, LLC Texas Charity Title Group, LLC Delaware Clarksburg Arora, LLC Maryland Clarksburg Skylark, LLC Maryland Dove Barrington Development LLC Delaware Gatherings, LLC Delaware Marshfield Land, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 4
 bzh-93021ex22.htm
 EX-22

Document 

EXHIBIT 22 
 
 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, the following subsidiaries of Beazer Homes USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), jointly and severally and fully and unconditionally, guaranteed the Company s (i) 6 3 4 Senior Notes due 2025, (ii) 5 7 8 Senior Notes due 2027, and (iii) 7 1 4 Senior Notes due 2029 Name of Guarantor Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Beazer Clarksburg, LLC Maryland Beazer Gain, LLC Delaware Beazer General Services, Inc. Delaware Beazer Homes Holdings, LLC Delaware Beazer Homes Indiana Holdings Corp. Delaware Beazer Homes Indiana LLP Indiana Beazer Homes Investments, LLC Delaware Beazer Homes Sales, Inc. Delaware Beazer Homes Texas Holdings, Inc. Delaware Beazer Homes Texas, L.P. Delaware Beazer Homes, LLC Delaware Beazer Mortgage Corporation Delaware Beazer Realty Corp. Georgia Beazer Realty Los Angeles, Inc. Delaware Beazer Realty Services, LLC Delaware BH Building Products, LP Delaware BH Procurement Services, LLC Delaware Clarksburg Arora LLC Maryland Clarksburg Skylark, LLC Maryland Dove Barrington Development LLC Delaware 

</EX-22>

<EX-23>
 5
 bzh-9302110kex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333 238487, 333 172483, 333 196642, and 333 218380 on Form S 3 Registration Statement Nos. 333 236484, 333 222166, and 333 217903 on Form S 4 and in Registration Statement Nos. 333 237347, 333 116573, 333 168794, 333 200542, and 333 215991 on Form S 8 of our reports dated November 10, 2021, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Beazer Homes USA, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10 K of Beazer Homes USA, Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 November 10, 2021 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 bzh-9302110kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Allan P. Merrill, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Beazer Homes USA, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 10, 2021 s Allan P. Merrill Allan P. Merrill President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 bzh-9302110kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David I. Goldberg, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Beazer Homes USA, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 10, 2021 s David I. Goldberg David I. Goldberg Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 bzh-9302110kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies that the Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2021, accompanying this certification, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 10, 2021 s Allan P. Merrill Allan P. Merrill President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 1350 of Title 18, United States Code, and is not being filed as part of the report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 bzh-9302110kex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies that the Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2021, accompanying this certification, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 10, 2021 s David I. Goldberg David I. Goldberg Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 1350 of Title 18, United States Code, and is not being filed as part of the report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 bzh-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 bzh-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 bzh-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 bzh-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 bzh-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

