<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211013_10-K_edgar_data_1643721_0001477932-21-007233.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>28445793</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>181355</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>24939770</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1078134</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1245677</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>884876</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-21-007233.hdr.sgml : 20211013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211013172559
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-21-007233
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		145
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LEAFBUYER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001643721
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		IRS NUMBER:				383944821
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55855
		FILM NUMBER:		211321958

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6888 S. CLINTON STREET, SUITE 300
		CITY:			GREENWOOD VILLAGE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-235-0099

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6888 S. CLINTON STREET, SUITE 300
		CITY:			GREENWOOD VILLAGE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AP EVENT INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150529

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-21-007233.txt : 20211013

10-K
 1
 lbuy_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 lbuy_10k.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _________ to_________ Commission file number: 333-206745 LEAFBUYER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada 38-3944821 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 6888 S. Clinton Street, Suite 301, Greenwood Village, CO 80112 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code (720)-235-0099 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None None None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the Company is a larger accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (assuming for this purpose, but without conceding, that all executive officers and Directors are affiliates of the Registrant) as of December 31, 2020 the last day of business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was 8,729,257 based on 0.13 per share price. The number of shares of outstanding of the Registrant s Common Stock as of October 12, 2021 was 90,092,096 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Table of Contents Page PART I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 5 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 11 Item 2 Properties 11 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 11 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 11 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 12 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 14 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 14 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 20 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 20 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 21 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 21 Item 9B. Other Information 22 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 23 Item 11. Executive Compensation 26 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 27 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 28 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 29 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 30 2 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Forward Looking Statements This annual report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions. While these forward-looking statements, and any assumptions upon which they are based, are made in good faith and reflect our current judgment regarding the direction of our business, actual results will almost always vary, sometimes materially, from any estimates, predictions, projections, assumptions or other future performance suggested in this report. Except as required by applicable law, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. As used in this annual report, the terms we , us and our mean Leafbuyer Technologies, Inc., unless otherwise indicated. Business Overview Leafbuyer.com Platform Our wholly owned subsidiary, LB Media Group, LLC has evolved and grown as a listing website to a comprehensive marketing technology platform that focuses on new customer acquisition and retention tools that include texting and loyalty and ordering ahead technology. With the increased popularity of Leafbuyer texting/loyalty program, clients can communicate through SMS, MMS as well as push notifications within a custom branded application. This alerts consumers of specials as well as confirmation about online ordering details helping to create a more diverse product offering for our clients. Leafbuyer s proprietary systems are integrated to form a seamless process for the user to locate, research, and compare prices on thousands of available products. Our website, Leafbuyer.com, and its progressive web application hosts a robust search algorithm similar to popular travel or hotel sites, where consumers can search the database for appealing offers. Consumers can also search through thousands of menu items and products, create a profile, sign up to receive deal alerts and place online orders for pick up or delivery. With a worldwide pandemic due to Covid-19, the need for an order ahead solution in the cannabis industry was put to the test in early March of 2020. We believe we answered that test with technology enhancements we made that now include delivery features for medical and recreational stores, increased POS integrations and real-time notifications through SMS/MMS and push notification technology. 3 Table of Contents The Leafbuyer Technology Platform reaches millions of cannabis consumers every month through its web-based platform, loyalty platform and smart application technology. Our website s sophisticated vendor dashboard allows vendors to update menus, deals and create real-time messages to communicate to consumers 24/7. The platform also provides a robust reporting feature to track the vendors return on investment. We continue an aggressive push into all legal cannabis states. Increasing our marketing and sales presence in new markets is a primary objective. Along with this expansion, we continue to develop new technologies that will serve cannabis dispensaries and product companies in attracting and retaining consumers. Leafbuyer operates in a rapidly evolving and highly regulated industry that, as has been estimated by grandviewresearch.com, to exceed 70 billion in revenue by the year 2028. The founders and our Board of Directors have been, and will continue to be, aggressive in pursuing long-term opportunities. In November of 2020 Leafbuyer Technologies Inc. completed a customizable white label application for our dispensary clients. Consumers have the ability to search, shop, earn rewards, place orders and communicate with their favorite stores all in one convenient application. The application can also be completely branded for the dispensary and allows for 24/7 communication with their patrons. COVID -19 and Reduction of Costs We were affected in 2020 by the COVID-19 outbreak and worldwide pandemic. We saw some postponements in orders in the first few weeks of March 2020 but by the end of March 2020 orders stabilized to a normal level. Many companies in 2020 including Leafbuyer were forced to operate remotely for most of the year which ultimately led to some cost saving benefits. With the effectiveness of a remote sales and development teams, we made the decision to reduce office space in California and Colorado which has significantly reduced costs on an annual basis. We then also made a significant pivot to enhance and automate our technology in 2020 in order to further reduce costs but also provide more tools to increase consumer engagement. The Team We have 19 full-time employees and our headquarters are located in Greenwood Village, Colorado. In addition, we currently have sales teams in California and Oklahoma. Leafbuyer also has relationships with numerous contractors which it retains from time to time. A majority of our employees are involved in sales and customer service. One of our top priorities in 2021 has been recruiting and retaining some of the top talent in the cannabis and technology industries. 4 Table of Contents Growth State by State As new states continue to legalize marijuana sales and the market expands, so does Leafbuyer. As of June 2021, Leafbuyer now works with clients in 24 legal states including California, Colorado, Washington, Oklahoma, Oregon, and Michigan and we are continuing our efforts to expand into all legal markets. Our primary focus are markets that have the most potential and that are continuing to expand and show stability. The marginal cost for Leafbuyer to enter a market is minimal in comparison to growers or retail operations. In order for us to enter a new market, most of our costs include sales and marketing personnel and grassroots efforts to grow the consumer base in the new market. With the changing times of Covid-19, virtual meetings have doubled and are more accepted reducing the cost of travel and office space into smaller markets. We have formed numerous partnerships in the industry with Point-of-Sale POS companies. We have solid integrations with 90 of the top POS companies and are continuing to work to deepen those capabilities as they are built. 2021 and Beyond With the global legal marijuana market size expanding the legal use of marijuana for medicinal and recreational purposes is expected to continue. Our business model is designed to benefit from this trend. When a new state passes a medical or recreational cannabis law, we can start marketing to consumers and businesses in that state with minimal marginal cost. Because Leafbuyer is not involved in the production or sale of cannabis, we do not have to build expensive growing operations or open brick and mortar stores. As more states pass laws to offer legal cannabis products, we begin marketing into the state and sign-up dispensaries to be on the Leafbuyer platform. We also plan to accelerate growth in our loyalty platform. The loyalty product line ties into other offerings of ours designed to complement and provide a truly unique value proposition. Loyalty is monetized through a monthly fee and a cost per text model. We anticipate a significant opportunity to increase revenue by expanding this product offering. We also plan to grow organically through the aggressive deployment of sales and marketing resources into legal cannabis states. We understand that to obtain significant market share in the industry in the future it will require us to look for acquisitions for a significant portion of that growth. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to locate and acquire such opportunities or that they will be on terms that are favorable to us. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to the Business We have minimal financial resources. Our company financial statements includes a footnote disclosure stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Leafbuyer Technologies, Inc. is an early-stage company and has minimal financial resources. We had a cash balance of 684,639 as of June 30, 2021. We had an accumulated deficit of 24,806,182 at June 30, 2021. We may seek additional financing. The financing sought may be in the form of equity or debt financing from various sources as yet unidentified. We cannot assure you that we will generate sufficient revenue or obtain the necessary financing to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, we have suffered recurring losses from operations and have a significant accumulated deficit. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 5 Table of Contents Leafbuyer is and will continue to be completely dependent on the services of our president, chief executive officer and chief financial officer, the loss of whose services may cause our business operations to cease, and we will need to engage and retain qualified employees and consultants to further implement our strategy. Leafbuyer s operations and business strategy are completely dependent upon the knowledge and business connections of Messrs. Rossner and Breen our executive officers. They are under no contractual obligation to remain employed by us. If they should choose to leave us for any reason or become ill and unable to work for an extended period of time before we have hired additional personnel, our operations will likely fail. Even if we are able to find additional personnel, it is uncertain whether we could find someone who could develop our business along the lines described in this Annual Report. We will likely fail without the services of our current executive officers (or hiring appropriate replacement(s)). COVID -19 and Worldwide Pandemic Outlook As we have mentioned, we were affected in 2020 by the COVID-19 outbreak and worldwide pandemic. We saw some postponements in orders in the first few weeks of March 2020 but by the end of March 2020 orders stabilized to an expected normal level. Many companies in 2020, including Leafbuyer, were forced to operate remotely for most of the year which ultimately led to some cost saving benefits. With the effectiveness of a remote sales and our development teams, we made the decision to reduce office space in California and Colorado which has significantly reduced costs on an annual basis. We also made a significant pivot to enhance and automate our technology in 2020 in order to further reduce costs and also provide more tools to increase consumer engagement. Because we operate in the cannabis industry, we face a high risk of business failure due to the nature of advertising a federally Illegal product. We were formed in April 2013. Our efforts to date have related to developing our business plan and beginning business activities. We face a high risk of business failure. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the expenses, complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with the establishment and expansion of new businesses and the competitive environment in which we operate. We cannot assure you that future revenues will occur or be significant enough or that we will be able to sell our products and services at a profit, if at all. Future revenues and/or profits, if any, will depend on many various factors, including, but not limited to both initial and continued market acceptance of our website and the successful implementation of our planned growth strategy. The regulation of cannabis in the United States is uncertain. Our activities are subject to regulation by various state and local governmental authorities. Our business objectives are contingent upon, in part, compliance with regulatory requirements enacted by these governmental authorities and obtaining all regulatory approvals necessary for the sale of our products in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Any delays in obtaining or failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals would significantly delay our development of markets and products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, although we believe that our operations are currently carried out in accordance with all applicable state and local rules and regulations, no assurance can be given that new rules and regulations will not be enacted or that existing rules and regulations will not be applied in a manner that could limit or curtail our ability to distribute or produce marijuana. Amendments to current laws and regulations governing the importation, distribution, transportation and/or production of marijuana, or more stringent implementation thereof could have a substantial adverse impact on us. The cannabis industry is relatively new. We are operating in a relatively new industry and market. In addition to being subject to general business risks, we must continue to build brand awareness in this industry and market share through significant investments in our strategy, production capacity, quality assurance and compliance with regulations. Research in Canada, the United States and internationally regarding the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy and dosing of cannabis or isolated cannabinoids, such as cannabidiol, or CBD, and tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC, remains in relatively early stages. Few clinical trials on the benefits of cannabis or isolated cannabinoids have been conducted. Future research and clinical trials may draw opposing conclusions to statements contained in the articles, reports and studies currently favored, or could reach different or negative conclusions regarding the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, dosing or other facts and perceptions related to medical cannabis, which could adversely affect social acceptance of cannabis and the demand for our products and dispensary services. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the cannabis industry and the market for medicinal and/or adult-use cannabis will continue to exist and grow as currently anticipated or function and evolve in a manner consistent with management s expectations and assumptions. Any event or circumstance that adversely affects the cannabis industry, such as the imposition of further restrictions on sales and marketing or further restrictions on sales in certain areas and markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be successful in hiring technical personnel because of the competitive market for qualified technical people. Our future success depends largely on our ability to attract, hire, train and retain highly qualified technical personnel to provide our services. Competition for such personnel is intense. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in attracting and retaining the technical personnel we require to conduct and expand our operations successfully and to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. Our results of operations and growth prospects could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to attract, hire, train and retain such qualified technical personnel. We will face competition from companies with significantly greater resources and name recognition. The markets in which we will operate are characterized by intense competition from several types of solution and technical service providers. We expect to face further competition from new market entrants and possible alliances among competitors in the future as the convergence of information processing and telecommunications continues. Many of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. As a result, they may be better able to respond or adapt to new or emerging technologies and changes in client requirements or to devote greater resources to the development, marketing and sales of their services than us. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully. In addition, we will be faced with numerous competitors, both strategic and financial, in attempting to obtain competitive products. Many actual and potential competitors may be part of much larger companies with substantially greater financial, marketing and other resources than us, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively against any of those future competitors. 6 Table of Contents To continue to expand and innovate, we may need additional financing. We will have to obtain additional financing in order to conduct our business in a manner consistent with our proposed operations. There is no guaranty that additional funds will be available when, and if, needed. If we are unable to obtain financing, or if its terms are too costly, we may be forced to curtail expansion of operations until such time as alternative financing may be arranged, which could have a materially adverse impact on our operations and our shareholders investment. Risks Related to Our Securities Our officers and directors currently own the majority of our voting power, and through this ownership, control us and our corporate actions. Our current Board of Directors and executive officers hold approximately 55 of the voting power of our outstanding voting capital stock as of June 30, 2021. These parties have a controlling influence in determining the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all our assets, election of directors, and other significant corporate actions. As such, these shareholders have the power to prevent or cause a change in control; therefore, without their consent we could be prevented from entering into transactions that could be beneficial to us. The interests of our executive officers may give rise to a conflict of interest with us and our shareholders. There is a substantial lack of liquidity of our common stock and volatility risks. Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets platform under the symbol LBUY. The liquidity of our common stock may be very limited and affected by our limited trading market. The OTC Markets quotation platform is an inter-dealer market much less regulated than the major exchanges, and is subject to abuses, volatilities and short selling. There is currently no broadly followed and established trading market for our common stock. An established trading market may never develop or be maintained. Active trading markets generally result in lower price volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders. Absence of an active trading market reduces the liquidity of the shares traded. The trading volume of our common stock may be limited and sporadic. This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot give you any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained, or that current trading levels will be sustained. As a result of such trading activity, the quoted price for our common stock on the OTC Markets may not necessarily be a reliable indicator of our fair market value. In addition, if our shares of common stock cease to be quoted, holders would find it more difficult to dispose of or to obtain accurate price quotation as to the market value of, our common stock and as a result, the market value of our common stock likely would decline. 7 Table of Contents The market price for our stock may be volatile and subject to fluctuations in response to factors, including the following: the increased concentration of the ownership of our shares by a limited number of affiliated stockholders following the share exchange may limit interest in our securities; variations in quarterly operating results from the expectations of securities analysts or investors; revisions in securities analysts estimates or reductions in security analysts coverage; announcements of new products or services by us or our competitors; reductions in the market share of our products and services; announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; general technological, market or economic trends; investor perception of our industry or prospects; insider selling or buying; investors entering into short sale contracts; regulatory developments affecting our industry; and additions or departures of key personnel. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common stock will be at any time, including as to whether our common stock will sustain current market prices, or as to what effect that the sale of shares or the availability of common stock for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market price. Our common stock may never be listed on a major stock exchange. We currently do not satisfy the initial listing standards and cannot ensure that we will be able to satisfy such listing standards or that our common stock will be accepted for listing on any such exchange. Should we fail to satisfy the initial listing standards of such exchanges, or our common stock is otherwise rejected for listing, the trading price of our common stock could suffer, the trading market for our common stock may be less liquid, and our common stock price may be subject to increased volatility. A decline in the price of our common stock could affect our ability to raise working capital and adversely impact our ability to continue operations. A prolonged decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in our ability to raise capital. A decline in the price of our common stock could be especially detrimental to our liquidity and our operations. Such reductions may force us to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may have a significant negative effect on our business plan and operations, including our ability to develop new services and continue our current operations. If our common stock price declines, we can offer no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital or generate funds from operations sufficient to meet our obligations. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital in the future, we may not be able to have the resources to continue our normal operations. 8 Table of Contents Concentrated ownership of our common stock creates a risk of sudden changes in our common stock price. The sale by any shareholder of a significant portion of their holdings (particularly of our existing significant shareholders and executive management) could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. Sales of our currently issued and outstanding stock may become freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 and may dilute the market for your shares and have a depressive effect on the price of the shares of our common stock. A number of the outstanding shares of common stock are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ( Rule 144 ). As restricted shares, these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that a non-affiliate who has held restricted securities for a period of at least six months may sell their shares of common stock. Under Rule 144, affiliates who have held restricted securities for a period of at least six months may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1 of a company s outstanding shares of common stock or the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks prior to the sale (the four calendar week rule does not apply to companies quoted on the OTC Markets). A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Securities Act, if available, or pursuant to subsequent registrations of our shares of common stock, may have a depressive effect upon the price of our shares of common stock in any active market that may develop. If we issue additional shares or derivative securities in the future, it will result in the dilution of our existing stockholders . Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 150,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares are designated as blank check preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Preferred Stock ). Our Board of Directors may choose to issue some or all of such shares, or derivative securities to purchase some or all of such shares, to provide additional financing in the future. We do not plan to declare or pay any dividends to our stockholders in the near future. We have not declared any dividends in the past, and we do not intend to distribute dividends in the near future. The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, the results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors as the board of directors considers relevant. We cannot assure you that future dividends will be paid, and if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and distract management. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). These requirements are extensive. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. 9 Table of Contents We may incur significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements and costs associated with applicable corporate governance requirements. We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly. This may divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also expect that these applicable rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our Board of Directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. Persons associated with securities offerings, including consultants, may be deemed to be broker dealers. In the event that any of our securities are offered without engaging a registered broker-dealer, we may face claims for rescission and other remedies. If any claims or actions were to be brought against us relating to our lack of compliance with the broker-dealer requirements, we could be subject to penalties, required to pay fines, make damages payments or settlement payments, or repurchase such securities. In addition, any claims or actions could force us to expend significant financial resources to defend our company, could divert the attention of our management from our core business and could harm our reputation. Future changes in financial accounting standards or practices may cause adverse unexpected financial reporting fluctuations and affect reported results of operations. A change in accounting standards or practices can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even affect our reporting of transactions completed before the change is effective. New accounting pronouncements and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. Changes to existing rules or the questioning of current practices may adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we conduct business. Penny Stock rules may make buying or selling our common stock difficult. Trading in our common stock is subject to the penny stock rules. The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. These rules require that any broker-dealer that recommends our common stock to persons other than prior customers and accredited investors, must, prior to the sale, make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to execute the transaction. Unless an exception is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with trading in the penny stock market. In addition, broker-dealers must disclose commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities they offer. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our common stock. 10 Table of Contents Our ability to issue preferred stock may adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock and may make takeovers more difficult, possibly preventing you from obtaining the optimal price for our common stock. Our Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of shares of blank check preferred stock, which would have the designations, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. Accordingly, the Board of Directors is empowered, without shareholder approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could be used, under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of our company. I TEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Our executive office are located at 6888 S. Clinton Street, Suite 301, Greenwood Village, CO 80112. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are not aware of any legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which our property is the subject. None of our directors, officers, affiliates, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of our voting securities, or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate or security holder are (i) a party adverse to us in any legal proceedings, or (ii) have a material interest adverse to us in any legal proceedings. We are not aware of any other legal proceedings that have been threatened against us. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 11 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets under the trading symbol LBUY . Trading in stocks quoted on the OTC Markets is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may have little to do with a company s operations or business prospects. We cannot assure you that there will be a market for our common stock in the future. Our common stock commenced trading on April 5, 2017 under the symbol APVT . The following quotations reflect the high and low bids for our common stock based on inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. Year ended June 30, 2021 High Low Quarter ended June 30, 2021 0.14 0.13 Quarter ended March 31, 2021 0.16 0.14 Quarter ended December 31, 2020 0.14 0.12 Quarter ended September 30, 2020 0.06 0.05 Year ended June 30, 2020 High Low Quarter ended June 30, 2020 0.10 0.07 Quarter ended March 31, 2020 0.15 0.06 Quarter ended December 31, 2019 0.23 0.08 Quarter ended September 30, 2019 0.80 0.11 Holders As of June 30, 2021, there were approximately 14,000 holders of record of our common stock. 12 Table of Contents Dividends We have not paid cash dividends on shares of our common stock and we do not expect to declare or pay dividends on shares of our common stock for the foreseeable future. We intend to retain earnings, if any, to finance the development and expansion of our business. Our future dividend policy will be subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our future earnings, if any, our financial condition, our capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors. Equity Compensation Plans We have an equity incentive plan that was established in February of 2017. Our Board of Directors may from time to time, in its discretion grant to our directors, officers, consultants and employees, non-transferable options to purchase our common stock, provided that the number of options issued do not exceed 20,000,000. The options are exercisable for a period of up to 4 years from the date of the grant. The number of shares authorized to be issued under the equity incentive plan was increased from 10,000,000 to 20,000,000 through a consent of stockholders to amend and restate the equity incentive plan. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities On July 2, 2019, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors (the Investors ), pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell directly to the Investors in a private offering (the Offering ), an aggregate of 7,211,538 shares of our common stock (the Shares ), par value 0.001 per share, at 0.624 per Share or a 20 discount to the closing price as of July 2, 2019, for gross proceeds of approximately 4,500,000 before deducting offering expenses. The shares were offered by us pursuant to the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act, and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder. We were obligated in accordance with the terms of a Registration Rights Agreement (the Rights Agreement to register the Shares and the shares of common stock underlying the warrants described below, within 90 days from the date of the Purchase Agreement. All shares of the common stock and shares of common stock underlying the warrants have been registered. As additional consideration for the purchase of the Shares, we agreed to issue to the Investors Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants, and Series C Warrants (collectively, the Warrants ). The number of shares for the Warrants and exercise price of the Warrants is subject to adjustment; provided, however, on each of (i) the 3rd trading day following the effective date (the Effective Date of the Registration Statement to be filed by us (the Interim True-Up Date ), and (ii) the 6th trading day following the Effective Date (the Final True-Up Date ), the exercise price shall be reduced, and only reduced, to equal the lower of (1) the then exercise price and (2) 100 of the lowest VWAP during the 2 trading days prior to the Interim True-Up Date or 5 trading days prior to the Final True-Up Date, as applicable, immediately following the Effective Date. The Series C Warrants, which are considered pre-funded, allow each Investor to purchase an amount of shares equal to the sum of (a) any shares purchased by the Investor pursuant to the Purchase Agreement that would have resulted in the beneficial ownership of greater than 4.99 of our outstanding common stock, (b) on the 3 rd trading day following the Effective Date, if 80 of the lowest VWAP during the 2 trading days immediately prior to such date Primary Effective Date Price is less than 0.624, then a number of shares of our common stock equal to such Investor s Purchase Agreement purchase amount divided by the Primary Effective Date Price less any shares of our common stock (i) issued at the closing and (ii) issuable pursuant to clause (a) above, if any, and (c) on the 6 th trading day following the Effective Date, if 80 of the lowest VWAP during the 5 trading days immediately prior to such date Secondary Effective Date Price is less than 0.624, then a number of shares of our common stock equal to such holder s subscription amount at the closing divided by the Secondary Effective Date Price less any shares of common stock (i) issued at the closing, (ii) issuable pursuant to clause (a) above, if any or (iii) issuable pursuant to clause (b) above, if any. The Series C Warrants are exercisable at a price of 0.001 per share. 13 Table of Contents We issued 30,299,998 shares of common stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, as well as the exercise of the Series C Warrants and fees paid in shares of common stock. We received approximately 4,038,000, net of the placement fees, legal and other expenses incurred for the placement of the shares. The Investors received Series A Warrants to allow the Investors to purchase an aggregate of 7,018,091 shares of common stock which expired in July 2020 and were not exercised. The Series B Warrants allow the Investors to purchase an aggregate of 28,072,364 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 0.1603 per common share. If the Investors choose to exercise the Series B Warrants, we would receive proceeds of 4,500,000. In the execution of the transactions referred to above we relied on the exemptions from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. The subscription agreements with the Investors contained representations to support our reasonable belief that the Investors had access to information concerning our operations and financial condition, the Investors acquired the securities for their own account and not with a view to the distribution (in the absence of an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from registration) and that the Investors are sophisticated within the meaning of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and are accredited investors (as defined by Rule 501 under the Securities Act). In addition, the sale of securities did not involve a public offering; we made no solicitation in connection with the sale other than communications with the Investors; we obtained representations from the Investors regarding their investment intent, experience and sophistication; and the Investors either received or had access to adequate information about our company in order to make an informed investment decision. Item 6. Selected Financial Data We are a smaller reporting company as defined by 17 C.F.R. 229 (10)(f)(i) and are not required to provide information under this item. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. The discussions of results, causes and trends should not be construed to imply any conclusion that these results or trends will necessarily continue into the future. We were initially formed as AP Event, Inc., APEI a Nevada corporation on October 16, 2014. APEI was originally in the business of travel agency to provide individual and group leisure tours to music festivals, and concerts combined with local excursions. On March 21, 2017 LB Media Group, LLC LB Media acquired eighty percent (80 of the outstanding common stock of APEI. On March 23, 2017, APEI consummated an Agreement and Plan Merger Merger with LB Media and LB Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of APEI, whereby LB Acquisition was merged with and into LB Media Group, LLC. Simultaneously with the Merger, of APEI accepted subscriptions in a private placement Private Offering of our common stock. As a result of the Merger, LB Media became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Registrant and following the consummation of the Merger and giving effect to the securities sold in the Private Offering, the members of LB Media beneficially own approximately fifty-five percent (55 of our issued and outstanding common stock. 14 Table of Contents On March 24, 2017, we amended our Articles of Incorporation (the Amendment to (i) change our name to LeafBuyer Technologies, Inc., (ii) to increase the number of our authorized shares of capital stock from 75,000,000 to 160,000,000 shares of which 150,000,000 shares were designated common stock, par value 0.001 per share and 10,000,000 shares were designated blank check preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share and (iii) to effect a forward split such that 9.25 shares of our common stock were issued for every 1 share of our common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Amendment (the Split ). On April 19, 2018, we entered into a Standby Equity Distribution Agreement (the SEDA with YA II PN Ltd. YA Investor ), a Cayman Island exempt limited partnership and an affiliate of Yorkville Advisors Global, LLC, whereby we sold, and the YA Investor purchased, 869,565 shares of our common stock for one million dollars 1,000,000). Additionally, under the SEDA we may sell to the YA Investor up to 5,000,000 of shares of our common stock over a two-year commitment period. Under the terms of the SEDA, we may, from time to time, in our discretion, sell newly issued shares of our common stock to the YA Investor at a discount to market of 8 of the lowest daily volume weighted average price during the relevant pricing period. We are obligated to register the initial shares, the Commitment Shares (as defined below), and the shares of common stock issuable under the SEDA pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act. During October and November 2018, we used the SEDA to receive 1,045,000. We issued 1,116,738 shares of our common stock which were valued at fair market at the date issued. On November 6, 2018, we acquired a customer facing software Loyalty Software through a Stock Purchase Agreement, in which we acquired all the issued and outstanding capital stock of Greenlight Technologies, Inc. GTI from its shareholders. At the time of the transaction, there were no employees working for GTI, no systems and no assets, other than the Loyalty Software. GTI s legal entity was dissolved in the transaction and the Loyalty Software was assumed by us. Management determined that the purchase of GTI did not constitute a business purchase and recorded the transaction as a purchase of software. The consideration for the Loyalty Software was 2,916,667 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share and cash of approximately 450,000. Total value of the Loyalty Software was estimated at approximately 3,010,000. During the year ended June 30, 2020 an additional 366,667 of our shares of common stock (for a value of 262,500) was issued to shareholders of GTI as final settlement of the purchase agreement. We issued 30,299,998 shares of common stock for the private placement and the issuance of Series C Warrants. We received approximately 4,060,000, net of the placement fees, legal and other expenses incurred for the placement of the shares. The Investors received Series A Warrants to allow the Investors to purchase an aggregate of 7,018,091 shares of our common stock, and Series B Warrants to allow the Investors to purchase an aggregate of 28,072,364 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 0.1603 per common stock share. Our equity incentive plan was amended and restated by our Board of Directors in April 2020 to increase the number of options available from 10,000,000 to 20,000,000. 15 Table of Contents Business Overview Our wholly owned subsidiary, LB Media Group, LLC has evolved and grown from a listing website to a comprehensive marketing technology platform. Our clients, medical and recreational dispensaries in legalized cannabis states, along with cannabis product companies subscribe to our technology platform to assist in new customer acquisition and provide retention tools that include texting/loyalty and ordering ahead technology. The Leafbuyer Technology Platform reaches millions of cannabis consumers every month through its web-based platform, loyalty platform and smart application technology. Our website s sophisticated vendor dashboard allows our clients to update menus, deals and create real-time messages to communicate to consumers 24/7. The platform also provides a robust reporting feature to track the vendors return on investment. With the increased popularity of Leafbuyer texting/loyalty program, clients can communicate through SMS, MMS as well as push notifications within a custom branded application. Our website, Leafbuyer.com, and its progressive web application hosts a robust search algorithm similar to popular travel or hotel sites, where our clients customers can search the database for appealing offers. They can also search through thousands of menu items and products, create a profile, sign up to receive deal alerts and place online orders for pick up or delivery. In November of 2020 Leafbuyer Technologies Inc. completed a customizable white label application for the dispensary clients. Consumers have the ability to search, shop, earn rewards, place orders and communicate with their favorite stores all in one convenient application. The application can also be completely branded for the dispensary and allows for 24/7 communication with their patrons. We continue an aggressive push into all legal cannabis states. Increasing our marketing and sales presence in new markets is a primary objective. Along with this expansion, we continue to develop new technologies that will serve cannabis dispensaries and product companies in attracting and retaining consumers. Leafbuyer operates in a rapidly evolving and highly regulated industry that, as has been estimated by grandviewresearch.com, to exceed 70 billion in revenue by the year 2028. Our founders and our Board of Directors has been, and will continue to be, aggressive in pursuing long-term opportunities. 16 Table of Contents We plan to grow organically through the aggressive deployment of sales and marketing resources into legal cannabis states. We understand that to obtain significant market share in the industry in the future will require us to look for acquisitions for a significant portion of that growth. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to locate and acquire such opportunities or that they will be on terms that are favorable to us. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, we have suffered recurring losses from operations and have a significant accumulated deficit. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Results of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2021 versus June 30, 2020 The following table summarizes the results of operations for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020: Year Ended Year Ended June 30, 2021 June 30, 2020 Change Change Revenue 2,666,829 2,528,356 138,473 5 Cost of revenue 1,943,683 1,767,855 175,828 10 Gross profit 723,147 760,501 (37,355 (5 Operating expenses: Selling expenses 864,196 842,736 21,460 3 General and administrative 2,190,441 4,409,769 (2,219,328 (45 Total operating expenses 3,054,637 5,252,505 (2,197,869 (42 Loss from operations (2,331,490 (4,492,004 2,160,514 (48 Gain (loss) on derivative liability (2,825,661 6,811,623 (9,637,284 (141 Other income/(expense) 127,771 (1,017,244 1,145,015 113 Net (loss) Profit (5,029,380 1,302,375 (6,331,755 (486 17 Table of Contents Revenues During the year ended June 30, 2021, we generated 2,666,829 of revenues, compared to revenues of 2,528,356 during the year ended June 30, 2020. The increase was primarily due to the increase in text services which is up 15 over the prior year. In addition, during fiscal year 2020 we had approximately 300,000 in revenue obtained through a partnership with a company selling tradeshow booths. Excluding that revenue, our normalized revenue (for comparison purposes) would be 2,676,537 vs 2,228,356 for an increase of 448,181 or 20.5 . Gross Profit Gross profit decreased to 723,147 for the period ended June 30, 2021 which was an decrease of 37,355 over the same period last year of June 30, 2020. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue decreased from 30 to 27 for the period ended June 30, 2021 over June 30, 2020 because of the increased 3 rd party software development costs expended on the technology platform. Expenses During the year ended June 30, 2021, we incurred total operating expenses of 3,054,637, including 2,190,441 in general and administrative expenses, and 864,196 in selling expenses. During the year ended June 30, 2020, we incurred total operating expenses of 5,252,505, including 4,409,769 in general and administrative expenses, and 842,736 in selling expenses. The decrease of 2,197,869 or 42 was primarily due to less payroll expense, stock based compensation expense and lower general and administrative expense. We have increased sales automating and enhanced their technology platform for significant cost savings. Management expects the general and administrative expenses to continue to decrease as management focuses on getting current operations to positive cash flow. We did not properly record a derivative liability related to the 55 conversion feature in the Series A preferred stock in prior periods. We corrected this error by recording a liability and charging this amount against retained earnings as of June 30, 2019. Each period thereafter we are required to perform a mark to market adjustment to the derivative liability. During the period ended June 30, 2021 we recorded an unrealized loss of 2,825,661 the estimated fair value of the derivative changed at the end of the period. During this same period in 2020, the estimated fair value of the derivative decreased therefore the liability was reduced generating unrealized income of 6,811,623. Other income during the period ended June 30, 2021 was the result of the SBA PPP loan forgiveness of 602,478, offset by recurring interest expense. Interest expense was 478,388 for the yearend June 30, 2021 compared to interest expense of 1,017,244 for the same period ending June 30, 2020 because of the reduction in notes payable during the year. Net Loss During the year ended June 30, 2021 we incurred a net loss of 5,029,380, compared to a net profit of 1,302,375 for the year ended June 30, 2020. 18 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon generating profitable operations in the future and/or obtaining the necessary financing to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management intends to finance operating costs over the next twelve months from the date of the issuance of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements with existing cash on hand and/or the private placement of common stock or obtaining debt financing. There is, however, no assurance that the we will be able to raise any additional capital through any type of offering on terms acceptable to us, as we believe that existing cash on hand will be insufficient to finance operations over the next twelve months. At June 30, 2021 we had 684,639 in cash and cash equivalents. Cash Flows Our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities were as follows: Year Ended June 30, 2021 2020 Net cash used in operating activities (858,250 (2,808,559 Net cash used in investing activities - (559,667 Net cash provided by financing activities 232,977 4,496,491 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (625,273 1,128,265 As of June 30, 2021, we had 684,639 in cash and cash equivalents and a working capital deficit of 8,840,068. We are dependent on funds raised through equity financing. Our cumulative net loss of 24,806,182 was funded by equity financing. During the year ended June 30, 2021, we raised gross proceeds of 557,977 in cash proceeds through government supported disaster relief programs. During the year ended June 30, 2021, we used 858,250 in operating activities compared to 2,808,559 for the same period ending June 30, 2020. The difference is primarily because of the lower net loss from operations realized in fiscal year 2021. During the year ended June 30, 2021, we did not use any cash for investing activities compared to June 30, 2020 and the use of 559,667 primarily related to the enhancements of our software. Net cash flow provided by financing activities for the year ended June 30, 2021 was 232,977 compared to 4,496,491 of financing activity in 2020 related to proceeds from the sale of stock of 4,037,888, 1,102,478 proceeds from government supported disaster relief programs and 615,000 borrowings from related parties offset by reduction in notes payable of 1,258,875. Our decrease in cash and cash equivalents for the year ended June 30, 2021 was primarily net cash used for operating activities. During the year ended June 30, 2021, our monthly cash requirements to fund our operating activities, was approximately 85,000, compared to approximately 100,000 during the year ended June 30, 2020. In the absence of the continued sale of our common and preferred stock or advances from related parties, our cash of 700,219 as of June 30, 2021 is insufficient to cover our current monthly burn rate for next twelve months. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon generating profitable operations in the future and/or obtaining the necessary financing to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management intends to finance operating costs over the next twelve months from the date of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements with existing cash on hand and/or the private placement of common stock. There is, however, no assurance that we will be able to raise any additional capital through any type of offering on terms acceptable to us, as we believe that existing cash on hand will be insufficient to finance operations over the next twelve months. 19 Table of Contents Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. Critical Accounting Policies Our audited financial statements are affected by the accounting policies used and the estimates and assumptions made by management during their preparation. A complete summary of these policies is included in Note 2 of the notes to our audited financial statements. We have identified below the accounting policies that are of particular importance in the presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows, and which require the application of significant judgment by our management. For revenue recognition arrangements that we determine are within the scope of Topic ASC 606, we perform the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. We only apply the five-step model to arrangements that meet the definition of a contract under Topic 606, including when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer. At contract inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of Topic 606, we evaluate the goods or services promised within each contract related performance obligation and assess whether each promised good or service is distinct. We then recognize as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. We recognize revenue upon completion of our performance obligations or expiration of the contractual time to use services such as bulk texting. Recent Accounting Guidance Adopted We have implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and applicable to us. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on our financial statements unless otherwise disclosed, and we do not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined by 17 C.F.R. 229 (10)(f)(i) and are not required to provide information under this item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The information required by Item 8 appears after the signature page of this report. 20 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure There were no disagreements related to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope or procedure during the two fiscal years and interim periods. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Management s Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. An evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of our management of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2021. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. Such officer also confirmed that there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting in order to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have conducted an assessment, including testing, using the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO (2013). Our system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. This assessment included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls, testing of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30, 2021. The ineffectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses, which are indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; and (ii) lack of multiple levels of supervision and review; and (iii) technical accounting support for complex debt and preferred stock transactions. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2021, we determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time provided in the SEC rules and forms. 21 Table of Contents We believe that the weaknesses identified above have not had any material effect on our financial results. We are currently reviewing our disclosure controls and procedures related to these material weaknesses and expect to implement changes in the current fiscal year, including identifying specific areas within our governance, accounting and financial reporting processes to add adequate resources to potentially mitigate these material weaknesses. Our management will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. Because of its inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Management s Remediation Plan In light of the control deficiencies identified at December 31, 2019, and described in the section titled Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, we have designed and plan to implement the specific remediation initiatives described below: (i) Appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and implement modifications to our financial controls to address such inadequacies; and (ii) We will attempt to implement the remediation efforts. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Management believes that despite our material weaknesses set forth above, our financial statements for years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 are fairly stated, in all material respects, in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Item 9B. Other Information None 22 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The following table sets forth certain information of our directors and officers as of the date of this report. Name Age Position Director/Officer Since Kurt Rossner 52 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President March 23, 2017 Mark Breen 49 Chief Financial Officer and Director March 23, 2017 Michael Goerner 52 Treasurer, Chief Technology Officer and Director March 23, 2017 Jeff Rudolph 60 Director October 15, 2018 Kristin Baca 51 Director October 15, 2018 Kurt Rossner, 52, Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Prior to founding LB Media Group in May 2013, Mr. Rossner started his career with MCI Telecommunications Corporation as a Business Sales Manager in 1993. Mr. Rossner founded several successful technology companies and was a pioneer in the Internet web hosting industry. He founded one of the largest platforms in the county, selling it to Micron Electronics (NASDAQ: MUEI) in 2000. Mr. Rossner leads the our operations and overall strategic direction. He holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Economics from The Florida State University. Mark Breen, 49, Co-Founder, Director and Chief Financial Officer Prior to Co-founding LB Media Group in May 2013, Mr . Breen served in various Sales Executive positions at CBS Corporation from Oct 2010 to October of 2013. Mr. Breen heads up our sales and market expansion strategy. He has worked in various sales, operation and management positions within Tribune Broadcasting, Gannett and CBS in both Chicago and Denver over his 20-year career. Mr. Breen earned a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Broadcasting from Western Illinois University. Michael Goerner, 52, Co-Founder, Director and Chief Technology Officer Prior to founding LB Media Group in May 2013, Mr. Goerner served as the C.T.O of WHIP Systems from March 2001 to May 2013. Mr. Goerner is responsible for our technology direction and has significant experience with various Internet and IT companies. Prior thereto and from June 1998 through December 2000 to Mr. Goerner served as the Founder and C.T.O of Indigio Group. In the early 1990s he was involved in the early-stage development of successful Internet properties in the areas of online mapping, real estate, news media. Mr. Goerner has a Bachelor of Science Degree in Computer Science from Millersville University of Pennsylvania. Jeff Rudolph, 60, Director Mr. Rudolph is a Certified Public Accountant. He began his accounting career at Coopers Lybrand, LLP from 1983 to 1994, where he was a staff then manager in the Corporate Finance Group (Merger Acquisition Practice). From 1994 to 1997, he was the Managing Director of Finance and Operations for Intelligent Electronics, Inc. From 1997 to 2003, he was employed by SSDS Inc./Knowledge Workers, Inc., a leading provider of client/server and web-based network integration services. He served on the Board of Directors, as Executive Vice President, Chief Operations Officer and Chief Financial Officer throughout his time there. From 2003 to 2005, he was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Entrust Financial Services, Inc., a publicly traded company focused on wholesale mortgage banking and full-service mortgage lender. In 2005 he was also the President and Chief Executive Officer of the company. From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Rudolph was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Stonecreek Funding Investment Corp., a national private equity firm focused on acquiring portfolio companies in the residential mortgage sector. From 2009 to 2010, Mr. Rudolph was the President and Chief Executive Officer of American Civil Constructors Holdings, Inc. one of the nation s premier construction and maintenance companies with comprehensive services including the Civil, Marine and Landscape industries. Mr. Rudolph is currently the founder and General Partner of the CFO Advisory Group, a company that specializes in providing CFO services to companies who need assistance in finding solutions to their business challenges. Mr. Rudolph earned his Master s in Business Administration from the University of Denver and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Accounting from Wittenberg University. 23 Table of Contents Kristin Baca, 51, Director Ms. Baca has served in various financial roles during her career. From 1998 to 1999, she was the Regional Finance Director of Countrywide Home Loans. She was responsible for monthly and quarterly reporting, interpretation of financial results, development and analysis of analytical models and evaluation of growth opportunities and resource needs. From 1999 to 2006, Ms. Baca served as the Vice President of Business/Financial for ACS. She ensured accountability, integrity and reliability of financial systems and controls as well as oversaw the activities of 35 cost centers. Ms. Baca partnered with the acquisitions department on due diligence, modeling and strategic analysis and planning. From 2006 to 2009, Ms. Baca was the Vice President and Transition Executive Payroll Shared Services at ACS. In this role, she optimized functions by creating and executing global payroll shared service models and was integral in driving enterprise goals and objectives by implementing global operational plans and resource optimization. From 1999 to 2012, she served as the Vice President of Global Technology Operations at Xerox. She managed the 1,300 employees, drove divisional objectives, boosted performance and captured both revenue and profit improvements by innovative initiatives. From 2012 to 2013, Ms. Baca was the Executive Vice and Chief Operating Officer of Healthplan Services, Inc. While there, she orchestrated top-performing, customer focused operations, encompassing member services, enrollment and billing and call center operations. Currently, Ms. Baca is the Senior Vice President of Strategy and Global Operations at Xerox/Conduent. She is responsible for leadership, staffing and budgeting for strategy, development and planning, project planning and management, client delivery and analytical review. Ms. Baca has a Master of Business Administration from Regis University and a Bachelor of Science and Arts in Finance with a minor in Economics from the University of Colorado. Family Relationships There are no family relationships among our directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers. Legal Proceedings None of our directors, executive officers, promoters or control persons has been involved in any of the following events during the past 10 years: any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated; any judicial or administrative proceedings resulting from involvement in mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business activity; and judicial or administrative proceedings based on violations of federal or state securities, commodities, banking or insurance laws and regulations, or any settlement to such actions; or any disciplinary sanctions or orders imposed by a stock, commodities or derivatives exchange or other self-regulatory organization. 24 Table of Contents Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance Reporting Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock to file reports regarding ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the SEC and to provide us with copies of those filings. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 our directors, executive officers and 10 stockholders complied with all applicable filing requirements. Code of Ethics We have not yet adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions because we have not yet finalized the content of such a code. Audit Committee Our Audit Committee is primarily concerned with the effectiveness of our accounting policies and practices, our financial reporting and our internal accounting controls. In addition, the Audit Committee reviews and approves the scope of the annual audit of our books, reviews the findings and recommendations of the independent registered public accounting firm at the completion of their audit, and approves annual audit fees and the selection of an auditing firm. The Audit Committee met three times during the year ended June 30, 2021. The Audit Committee is presently composed of three members: Jeffrey Rudolph, Kristin Baca and Kurt Rossner. The Board of Directors has determined that Kristin Baca is considered audit committee financial expert (as defined by rules of the SEC) and that each of the audit committee financial experts meet the independence criteria. Nomination Procedures for Directors We do not have a nominating committee. Our Board of Directors selects individuals to stand for election as members of the Board and does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by our security holders. Our Board of Directors has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our company s requirements as well as the qualifications of each candidate when it considers a nominee for a position on our Board. If security holders wish to recommend candidates directly to our Board of Directors, they may do so by communicating directly with our President at the address specified on the cover of this annual report. There has not been any change to the procedures involved when our shareholders wish to recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. 25 Table of Contents Item 11. Executive Compensation The following table sets forth the compensation paid or accrued by us to our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and each of our other officers for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. Name and principal position Year Salary Bonus Stock awards Option awards Nonequity incentive plan compensation Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings All other compensation Total Compensation Kurt Rossner Chief Executive Officer and Director 2021 124,000 - - - - - - 124,000 2020 124,039 - - 102,650 - - - 226,689 2019 110,000 - - - - - - 110,000 Mark Breen Chief Financial Officer, Director 2021 124,000 - - - - - -- 124,000 2020 124,039 - - 101,660 - - - 225,639 2019 110,000 - - - - - - 110,000 Micheal Goener, Treasurer, Director 2021 124,000 - - - - - - 124,000 2020 106,154 - - 96,350 - - - 202,504 2019 110,000 - - - - - - 110,000 Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits to our directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof. Compensation Committee We currently do not have a compensation committee of the Board of Directors or a committee performing similar functions. It is the view of the Board of Directors that it is appropriate for us not to have such a committee because of our size and because the Board of Directors participates in the consideration of executive compensation. None of our executive officers served as a director or member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board of Directors. Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight Although we have not adopted a formal policy on whether the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions should be separate or combined, we have traditionally determined that it is in our best interests and our shareholders to combine these roles. Kurt Rossner serves as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. We believe it is in our best interest to have the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles combined due to our small size and limited resources. Our Board of Directors is primarily responsible for overseeing our risk management processes. The Board of Directors receives and reviews periodic reports from management, auditors, legal counsel, and others, as considered appropriate regarding our company s assessment of risks. The Board of Directors focuses on the most significant risks facing our company and our company s general risk management strategy, and also ensures that risks undertaken by our company are consistent with the Board of Directors appetite for risk. While the Board of Directors oversees our company, our company s management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. We believe this division of responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the risks facing our company and that our Board of Directors leadership structure supports this approach. 26 Table of Contents Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth the ownership, as of June 30, 2021 of our common stock by each of our directors, by all of our executive officers and directors as a group and by each person known to us who is the beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our securities. As of June 30, 2021, there were 81,772,802 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. All persons named have sole or shared voting and investment control with respect to the shares, except as otherwise noted. The number of shares described below includes shares which the beneficial owner described has the right to acquire within 60 days of June 30, 2021. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Common Stock Beneficially Owned Percentage of Common Stock (2) Directors and Officers: Kurt Rossner(3) 48,894,354 37.3 Mark Breen(3) 48,894,354 37.3 Michael Goerner(3) 48,894,354 27.3 Jeffrey Rudolph 356,333 Kristin Baca 63,662 All officers and directors as a group (five persons) 147,103,107 58.0 5 Beneficial Owners: Anson Investments Master Fund LP(4) 8,112,980 9.1 Hudson Bay Master Fund LTD(5) 8,112,980 9.12 __________ less than 1 (1) Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner is our company s address. (2) Applicable percentage ownership is based on 89,318,160 shares of common stock outstanding as of June 30, 2021 together with securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock within 60 days of June 30, 2021, for each stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of June 30, 2021, are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. (3) Includes 7,250,012 shares of common stock, including 39,229,342 shares of common stock underlying the 108,108 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and 2,415,000 options granted pursuant to the Issuer s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The Series A Convertible Preferred Shares are convertible into a number of shares of common stock so that the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock holders would hold 55 of the number of outstanding shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis after giving effect to such conversion. The Series A Shares vote on an as-converted basis and as of June 30, 2021 are entitled to 117,688,024 votes, which represents approximately 55 of the 253,523,746 shares of the fully diluted common stock entitled to vote (89,318,158 outstanding shares of common stock plus 117,668,024 shares of common stock underlying the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock plus 1,120,000 shares of common stock underlying the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock). (4) Includes 3,605,769 shares of common stock underlying Series A Warrants which have been issued, assuming an exercise price of 0.624, or 14,999,999shares of common stock, 14,999,999 common shares underlying Series A Warrants, assuming a floor reset price of the common stock and a floor reset exercise price of the Warrants of 0.15 per share. The Series A Warrants do not allow for any exercise that would result in the beneficial ownership of greater than 4.99 of the number of our shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Anson Advisors Inc., and Anson Funds Management LP, the Co-Investment Advisers of Anson Investments Master Fund LP, hold voting and dispositive power over the Common Shares held by Anson. Bruce Winson is the managing member of Anson Management GP LLC, which is the general partner of Anson Funds Management LP. Moez Kassam and Amin Nathoo are directors of Anson Advisors Inc. Mr. Winson, Mr. Kassam and Mr. Nathoo each disclaim beneficial ownership of these shares of common stock except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein. The principal business address of Anson is Walkers Corporate Limited, Cayman Corporate Centre, 27 Hospital Road, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-9008, Cayman Islands. (5) Includes 3,605,769 shares of common stock underlying Series A Warrants which have been issued, assuming an exercise price of 0.624, or 14,999,999 shares of common stock, 14,999,999 shares of common stock underlying Series A Warrants, assuming a floor reset price of the shares of common stock and a floor reset exercise price of the Warrants of 0.15 per share. The Warrants do not allow for an exercise that would result in the beneficial ownership of greater than 9.99 of our outstanding common stock immediately after giving effect to their exercise. Hudson Bay Capital Management LP, the investment manager of Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd., has voting and investment power over these securities. Sander Gerber is the managing member of Hudson Bay Capital GP LLC, which is the general partner of Hudson Bay Capital Management LP. Each of Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. and Sander Gerber disclaims beneficial ownership over these securities. 27 Table of Contents Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence On July 2, 2019, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors (the Investors ), pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell directly to the Investors in a private offering (the Offering ), an aggregate of 7,211,538 shares of common stock (the Shares ), par value 0.001 per share, at 0.624 per Share or a 20 discount to the closing price as of July 2, 2019, for gross proceeds of approximately 4,500,000 before deducting offering expenses. The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, and the Offering was subject to customary closing conditions. The Shares were offered by us pursuant to the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act, and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder. We were obligated in accordance with the terms of a Registration Rights Agreement (the Rights Agreement to register the Shares and the shares of common stock underlying the warrants described below, within 90 days from the date of the Purchase Agreement. As additional consideration for the purchase of the Shares, we agreed to issue to the Investors Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants, and Series C Warrants (collectively, the Warrants ). The number of shares for the Warrants and exercise price of the Warrants is subject to adjustment; provided, however, on each of (i) the 3rd Trading Day following the effective date (the Effective Date of the Registration Statement to be filed by us (the Interim True-Up Date ), and (ii) the 6th trading day following the Effective Date (the Final True-Up Date ), the exercise price shall be reduced, and only reduced, to equal the lower of (1) the then exercise price and (2) 100 of the lowest VWAP during the 2 trading days prior to the Interim True-Up Date or 5 trading days prior to the Final True-Up Date, as applicable, immediately following the Effective Date. The Series C Warrants, which are considered pre-funded, allow each Investor to purchase an amount of shares equal to the sum of (a) any shares purchased by the Investor pursuant to the Purchase Agreement that would have resulted in the beneficial ownership of greater than 4.99 of our outstanding common stock, (b) on the 3 rd trading day following the Effective Date, if 80 of the lowest VWAP during the 2 trading days immediately prior to such date Primary Effective Date Price is less than 0.624, then a number of shares of common stock equal to such Investor s Purchase Agreement purchase amount divided by the Primary Effective Date Price less any shares of common stock (i) issued at the closing and (ii) issuable pursuant to clause (a) above, if any, and (c) on the 6 th trading day following the Effective Date, if 80 of the lowest VWAP during the 5 trading days immediately prior to such date Secondary Effective Date Price is less than 0.624, then a number of shares of common stock equal to such holder s subscription amount at the closing divided by the Secondary Effective Date Price less any shares of common stock (i) issued at the closing, (ii) issuable pursuant to clause (a) above, if any or (iii) issuable pursuant to clause (b) above, if any. The Series C Warrants are exercisable at a price of 0.001 per share. 28 Table of Contents We issued 30,299,998 shares of common stock for the private placement and the issuance of the Series C Warrants. We received approximately 4,060,000, net of the placement fees, legal and other expenses incurred for the placement of the shares. The Investors received Series A Warrants to allow the Investors to purchase an aggregate of 7,018,091 shares of common stock, and Series B Warrants to allow the Investors to purchase an aggregate of 28,072,364 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 0.1603 per common share. Related Person Transaction Policy Our Board of Directors is responsible to approve all related party transactions. We have not adopted written policies and procedures specifically for related person transactions. In March 2020, we entered into a promissory note with our Chief Executive Officer for 600,000 in exchange for a total of 565,000 cash payments. The note matured in December 2020 and 300,000 of principal payments have been made to date. The note is in default and due upon demand and the interest rate was increased to 12 . In March 2020, we entered into a promissory note with our Chief Technology Officer for 50,000. The note matured on January 1, 2021 and 25,000 of principal payments have been made to date. The note is in default and due upon demand and the interest rate was increased to 12 . Director Independence We currently use NASDAQ s general definition for determining director independence, which states that independent director means a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, that, in the opinion of the company s Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of the director. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services Audit and Non-Audit Fees The following table sets forth the fees for professional audit services and the fees billed for other services rendered by our auditors, in connection with the audit of our financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, and any other fees billed for services rendered by our auditors during these periods. Year Ended June 30, 2021 ) Year Ended June 30, 2020 ) Audit fees 49,100 44,480 Audit-related fees -0- -0- Tax fees -0- -0- All other fees -0- -0- Total 49,100 44,480 Since our inception, our Board of Directors, performing the duties of the audit committee, has reviewed all audit and non-audit related fees at least annually. The Board of Directors, acting as the audit committee, pre-approved all audit related services for the year ended June 30, 2021. 29 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 23, 2017). 3.2 By-laws of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 3, 2015). 4.1 Form of Series A and Series B Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2019). 4.2 Form of Series C Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2019). 4.3 Certification of Designation of Rights and Preferences to Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2017). 4.4 Certification of Designation of Rights and Preferences to Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2017). 4.5 200,000 Convertible Note due March 22, 2019 issued to Jeff Bishop on September 21, 2018 4.6 50,000 Promissory Note due January 1, 2021 issued to Mike Goerner on April 1, 2020 4.7 213,333.33 Convertible Note due September 20, 2020 issued to Adam Marshall on March 20, 2019 4.8 426,666.67 Convertible Note due August 15, 2020 issued to Adam Marshall on February 15, 2019 4.9 600,000 Promissory Note due December 1, 2020 issued to SRQBOBWHITE LLC on March 15, 2020 4.10 400,000 Convertible Note due September 21, 2019 issued to MFA Holdings Corp. on September 21, 2018 4.11 150,000 Promissory Note due December 20, 2018 issued to MFA Holdings Corp. on December 20, 2017 4.12 200,000 Promissory Note due September 18, 2018 issued to MFA Holdings Corp. on September 28, 2017 10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2019). 10.2 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2019). 10.3 Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on April 30, 2019). 10.4 Standby Equity Distribution Agreement dated April 19, 2018 between VA II PN, Ltd., and the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2018). 10.5 Stock Purchase Agreement between Greenlight Technologies, Inc., the shareholders of Greenlight Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2018). 10.6 Employment Agreement with Michael Gabriel (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2018). 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.(1) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ___________ Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 30 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. LEAFBUYER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Date: October 13, 2021 By: /s/ Kurt Rossner Kurt Rossner Chief Executive Officer, Director (principal executive officer) By: /s/ Mark Breen Mark Breen Chief Financial Officer, Director (principal financial and accounting officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. Signature Capacity Date /s/ Kurt Rossner Chief Executive Officer, Director October 13, 2021 Kurt Rossner (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Mark Breen Chief Financial Officer, Director October 13, 2021 Mark Breen (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s / Michael Goerner Chief Technology Officer, Director October 13, 2021 Michael Goerner 31 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-3 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-4 Consolidated Statements of Equity F-5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 32 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the board of directors of Leafbuyer Technologies, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Leafbuyer Technologies, Inc. the Company as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2021, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Going concern uncertainty The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Emphasis of a matter As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has identified an accounting error with regard to its accounting treatments of preferred stocks. The financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2020 were restated accordingly. /s/ B F Borgers CPA PC We have served as the Company's auditor since 2017. Lakewood, Colorado October 13, 2021 F-1 Table of Contents LEAFBUYER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Consolidated Balance Sheets June 30, 2021 June 30, 2020 ASSETS (RESTATED) Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents 684,639 1,309,912 Accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 14,037 and 53,815, respectively) 31,474 14,037 Inventory - 622 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 14,152 87,895 Total current assets 730,265 1,412,466 Noncurrent assets: Fixed assets and intangible assets, net 2,673,924 3,398,370 Right of use asset - 165,965 Total assets 3,404,189 4,976,801 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable 213,465 487,890 Accrued liabilities 958,451 413,314 Deferred revenue 67,276 117,904 Lease obligation, current - 103,049 Debt, related party (Note 9) 325,000 Derivative liability 6,601,339 3,775,678 Debt, current 1,404,802 2,134,487 Total current liabilities 9,570,333 7,032,322 Debt, non current 1,057,977 1,102,478 Lease obligation, net of current portion - 65,149 Total liabilities 10,628,310 8,199,949 Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) Equity: Convertible Preferred Stock Series A, 0.001 par value; 324,325 designated; 324,325 and 324,325 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively 324 324 Convertible Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized Convertible Preferred Stock Series B, 0.001 par value; 27,027 designated; 7,568 and 7,568 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively 8 8 Common stock, 0.001 par value; 150,000,000 shares authorized; 89,318,160 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2021 and 81,772,802 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2020 89,318 81,773 Additional paid in capital 17,492,411 16,471,549 Accumulated deficit (24,806,182 (19,776,802 Total equity (deficit) (7,224,121 (3,223,148 Total liabilities and equity 3,404,189 4,976,801 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents LEAFBUYER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Consolidated Statements of Operations Years Ended June 30, 2021 2020 (RESTATED) Revenue 2,666,829 2,528,356 Cost of revenue 1,943,683 1,767,855 Gross profit 723,147 760,501 Operating expenses: Selling expenses 864,196 842,736 General and administrative 2,190,441 4,409,769 Total operating expenses 3,054,637 5,252,505 Loss from operations (2,331,490 (4,492,004 Interest expense (478,388 (1,017,244 Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative (2,825,661 6,811,623 Forgiveness of PPP loan 602,478 - Other Income 3,681 - Other income / (expense) 2,697,890 5,794,379 Net (loss) income (5,029,380 1,302,375 Earnings (loss) per common share: Basic (0.06 0.02 Fully diluted (0.06 0.01 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 84,341,970 75,181,637 Fully diluted 84,341,970 242,075,640 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents LEAFBUYER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended June 30, 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: (RESTATED) Net loss (5,029,380 1,302,375 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities Inventory written off 622 - Default interest added to convertible promissory note 154,677 Stock based compensation 504,224 818,252 Stock issued for services 224,183 41,230 Forgiveness of PPP loan (602,478 - Loss (gain) on derivative liability 2,825,661 (6,811,623 Amortization of note payable discount 65,638 861,699 Depreciation/amortization expense 724,446 695,471 Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (17,437 54,784 Inventory - 608 Prepaid expenses and other 71,510 41,428 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (274,425 197,858 Accrued liabilities (494,509 (10,641 Net cash used in operating activities (858,250 (2,808,559 Cash flows from investing activities: Capitalized Software - (559,667 Net cash used in investing activities - (559,667 Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of stock - 4,037,888 Proceeds from issuance of related party debt - 615,000 Proceeds from issuance of government relief debts 557,977 1,102,478 Repayment of debt (325,000 (1,258,875 Net cash provided by financing activities 232,977 4,496,491 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (625,273 1,128,265 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 1,309,912 181,647 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 684,639 1,309,912 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for interest - 83,645 Cash paid for taxes - - Issuance of common stock for acquisition of intangible assets - 262,500 Issuance of common stock for conversion of notes payable and accrued interest 300,000 131,000 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents LEAFBUYER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Consolidated Statements of Equity Preferred Stock A Preferred Stock B Common Stock # of Shares Amount # of Shares Amount # of Shares Amount APIC Acc Deficit Total June 30, 2019 (RESTATED) 324,325 324 7,567 8 47,914,967 47,915 11,079,953 (21,079,177 (9,950,977 Issuance of common stock for cash - - - - 30,299,998 30,300 4,007,588 - 4,037,888 Stock based compensation for employees - - - - 714,638 - 714,638 Issuance of Common Stock for employee Compensation - - 860,950 861 102,753 103,614 Issuance of common stock for services - - - - 515,000 515 40,715 - 41,230 Issuance of common stock in conversion of notes payable and accrued interest - - 1,815,220 1,815 129,185 131,000 Beneficial Conversion Feature of Notes Payable - - 134,584 134,584 Issuance of common stock for acquisition - - - - 366,667 367 262,133 - 262,500 Net Income - - - - - - - 1,302,375 1,302,375 June 30, 2020 (Restated) 324,325 324 7,567 8 81,772,802 81,773 16,471,549 (19,776,802 (3,223,148 Stock based compensation for employees - - - - 326,506 - 326,506 Issuance of common stock for employee Compensation - - 1,638,869 1,638 176,080 177,718 Issuance of common stock for services - - - - 1,906,489 1,907 222,276 - 224,183 Issuance of common stock in conversion of notes payable and accrued interest - - 4,000,000 4,000 296,000 300,000 Net loss - - - - - - - (5,029,380 (5,029,380 June 30, 2021 324,325 324 7,567 8 89,318,160 89,318 17,492,411 (24,806,182 (7,224,121 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents LEAFBUYER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1 Description of Business Description of Business LB Media was founded in 2012 by a group of technology and industry veterans and provides online resources for cannabis deals and specials. Our headquarters is located in Greenwood Village, Colorado. The Company s wholly owned subsidiary, LB Media Group, LLC has evolved and grown as a listing website to a comprehensive marketing technology platform. Our clients, medical and recreational dispensaries in legalized cannabis states, along with cannabis product companies subscribe to our technology platform to assist in new customer acquisition and provide retention tools that include texting/loyalty and order ahead technology. Basis of Presentation Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Although these estimates are based on our knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates and assumptions. Furthermore, when testing assets for impairment in future periods, if management uses different assumptions or if different conditions occur, impairment charges may result. F-6 Table of Contents Going Concern As of June 30, 2021, we had 684,639 in cash and cash equivalents and a working capital deficit of 8,840,068. We are dependent on funds raised through equity financing. Our cumulative net loss of 24,806,182 was funded by equity financing and we reported a net loss of 5,029,380 for the year ended June 30, 2021. Accordingly, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our generating profitable operations in the future and / or obtaining the necessary financing to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management believes that actions presently being taken to further implement our business plan of expansion of products, geographical locations we sell our services and deeper market penetration will generate additional revenues and eventually positive cash flow and provide opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. While we believe in the viability of our strategy to generate additional revenues and our ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. Error Correction Series A B Shares Outstanding The Company s annual financial statements ended June 30, 2020 contained three errors related to the Preferred Stock issued in connection with the March 23, 2017 Merger Agreement. In accordance with the Merger Agreement, the Company issued 324,327 new pre-split shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and accepted subscriptions in a private placement offering of 27,027 new pre-split shares of the Company s Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, of which each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into 16 Common Shares at any time, in the amount of 250,000. All shares issued in accordance with the Merger Agreement are considered to be outstanding beginning January 1, 2015 as these shares relate to the change in capital structure. On March 24, 2017, the Company effected a forward split such that 9.25 shares of Common Stock were issued for every 1 share of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the forward split. The Company incorrectly stated that immediately following the forward split, 3,000,000 shares of post-split Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, and 250,000 shares of post-split Series B Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. The par value of all classes of shares remained at 0.001 per share after the forward split. All references to shares from that point forward were referred to as post-split shares. This presentation was incorrect because in connection with stock splits by the Company, the certificate of designation for each of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock provide for an adjustment to the common stock underlying such shares and not the shares of preferred stock. Therefore, the June 30, 2020 Consolidated Balance Sheet, Consolidated Statement of Equity and Footnote 4 have been changed to reflect 324,325 shares of Series A issued and outstanding and 7,567 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding after the conversion of 19,459 shares in January and June of 2018 and June 30, 2019. Therefore, the Consolidated Balance Sheet, Consolidated Statement of Equity and Footnote 4 have been changed to reflect the Number of shares of Series A and Series B preferred stock and the par value of those shares. Balance Sheet June 30, 2020 As Computed - Restated As Reported Effect of Change Convertible Preferred Stock Series A - Value 324 3,000 (2,676 Convertible Preferred Stock Series B - Value 8 1,120 (1,112 Additional Paid in Capital 16,471,549 16,467,761 3,788 Convertible Preferred Stock Series A - Shares 324,325 3,000,000 (2,675,675 Convertible Preferred Stock Series B - Shares 7,567 1,120,000 (1,112,433 F-7 Table of Contents Series A convertible feature not accounted properly The Series A Preferred Shares are convertible into a number of shares of Common Stock so that the holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock would hold 55 of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock on a fully diluted basis after giving effect to such conversion. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock vote on an as-converted basis. The Company has determined that the Series A Preferred Stock conversion provisions meet the accounting requirements of FASB ASC 815 which requires a bifurcation of an embedded conversion feature and classification of the derivative as a liability on the balance sheet at the end of each reporting period. The fair value of the derivative liability is estimated each period as a Level 3 Significant Unobservable Inputs based upon the numbers of common shares stock at an estimated conversion price. The following table represents the value of the derivative and number of shares of common stock issuable for the holders to obtain 55 of the number of outstanding shares of common stock: Balance Sheet June 30, 2020 As Computed - Restated As Reported Effect of Change Derivative liability 3,775,678 - 3,775,678 Total current liabilities 7,032,322 3,256,644 3,775,678 Total liabilities 8,199,949 4,424,271 3,775,678 Accumulated deficit 19,776,802 16,001,124 3,775,678 Total equity (deficit) (3,223,148 552,530 (3,775,678 Income Statement June 30, 2020 As Computed - Restated As Reported Effect of Change Unrealized gain(loss) on derivative 6,811,623 - 6,811,623 Other income/ (expense) 5,794,379 (1,017,244 6,811,623 Net (loss) income 1,302,375 (5,509,248 6,811,623 Earnings (loss) per share - Basic 0.02 (0.07 0.09 Earnings (loss) per share - Basic 0.01 (0.07 0.08 Statement of Cash Flow June 30, 2020 As Computed - Restated As Reported Effect of Change Net (loss) income 1,302,375 5,509,248 6,811,623 Loss (gain) on derivative liability (6,811,623 - (6,811,623 Statement of Equity June 30, 2020 As Computed - Restated As Reported Effect of Change June 30, 2019 Accumulated Deficit (21,079,177 (10,491,876 (10,587,301 Fully Diluted shares exceed Authorized Shares The Company has determined that as of June 30, 2020 the Series A Preferred stock would be convertible into 115,016,707 shares of common stock which would result in 248,666,806 shares of fully diluted common shares. The Company is authorized to issue 150,000,000 shares. This exceeds the authorized and outstanding shares by 98,666,806 shares and therefore in accordance with ASR 268 the Company needs to present the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock separate from Stockholders Equity on the Balance Sheet and in the footnote disclosure. The Company has elected to not to present the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock separate as a mezzanine equity in accordance with ASR 268 because in October 2021 the Series A 55 feature no longer existed and this classification would be temporary and moved backed to permanent equity. Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Principles of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, LB Media. All significant inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Use of Estimates Management uses estimates and assumptions in preparing these consolidated financial statements. Those estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and the reported revenues and expenses. Examples of estimates include loss contingencies; useful lives of our fixed assets and intangible assets; allowances for doubtful accounts; and stock-based compensation forfeiture rates. Examples of assumptions include: the elements comprising a software arrangement, including the distinction between upgrades or enhancements and new products; when technological feasibility is achieved for our products; the potential outcome of future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. Actual results could differ from those estimates. F-8 Table of Contents Reclassifications Certain reclassifications have been made to the financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2020 to conform to the presentation as of and for the year ended June 30, 2021. Cash and Cash Equivalents For purposes of the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash includes demand deposits, time deposits, certificates of deposit, and short-term liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not hold any cash equivalents. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation provides coverage for all accounts of up to 250,000. As of June 30, 2021, the Company had 450,219 in excess of federally insured limits. Accounts Receivable, Net Accounts receivable are stated at the amount management expects to collect. An allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded, as a charge to bad debt expense, where collection is considered to be doubtful due to credit issues. These allowances together reflect the Company s estimate of potential losses inherent in accounts receivable balances, based on historical loss and known factors impacting its customers. The Company does not accrue interest on past due receivables. Internal Use Software The Company capitalizes certain development costs related to upgrades and enhancements to its cloud commerce platform when it is probable the expenditures will result in additional functionality. Such development costs are capitalized when the preliminary project stage is completed and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended. These capitalized costs include external direct costs of services consumed in developing or obtaining internal-use software and personnel and related expenses for employees who are directly associated with and who devote time to internal-use software projects. Capitalization of these costs cease once the project is substantially complete and the software is ready for its intended purpose. Post configuration training and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Capitalized internal use software costs are recorded as part of fixed assets and intangible assets and amortized using a straight-line method, over the estimated useful life of the software, generally three to seven years, commencing when the software is ready for its intended use. Impairment Assessment of Long-Lived Assets The Company reviews identified intangible assets and long-lived assets to be held-and-used for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. If the sum of the undiscounted expected future cash flows over the remaining useful life of a long-lived asset is less than its carrying amount, the asset is considered to be impaired. Impairment losses are measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. When fair values are not available, the Company estimates fair value using the expected future cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with the risks associated with the recovery of the asset. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, there were no impairments of long-lived assets. F-9 Table of Contents Convertible Debt and Securities The Company follows beneficial conversion feature guidance in ASC 470-20, which applies to convertible stock as well as convertible debt. A beneficial conversion feature is defined as a nondetachable conversion feature that is in the money at the commitment date. The beneficial conversion feature guidance requires recognition of the conversion option's in-the-money portion, the intrinsic value of the option, in equity, with an offsetting reduction to the carrying amount of the instrument. The resulting discount is amortized as interest over the life of the instrument, if a stated maturity date exists, or to the earliest conversion date, if there is no stated maturity date. If the earliest conversion date is immediately upon issuance, the expense must be recognized at inception. When there is a subsequent change to the conversion ratio based on a future occurrence, the new conversion price may trigger the recognition of an additional beneficial conversion feature on occurrence. Stock-Based Compensation The Company accounts for stock-based awards to employees in accordance with applicable accounting principles, which requires compensation expense related to share-based transactions, including employee stock options, to be measured and recognized in the financial statements based on a determination of the fair value of the stock options. The grant date fair value is determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton Black-Scholes pricing model. For all employee stock options, we recognize expense over the requisite service period on an accelerated basis over the employee s requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the equity grant). The Company s option pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility and expected term. Any changes in these highly subjective assumptions significantly impact stock-based compensation expense. Options awarded to purchase shares of common stock issued to non-employees in exchange for services are accounted for as variable awards in accordance same principles as awards to employees. Such options are valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. See Note 8 for the assumptions used to calculate the fair value of stock-based employee and non-employee compensation. Earnings (Loss) per Share Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted loss per share is computed similarly to basic loss per share, except that it includes the potential dilution that could occur if dilutive securities are exercised. Dilutive instruments had no effect on the calculation of earnings or loss per share during the year ended June 30, 2021. For the year ended June 30, 2021 warrants of 29,119,893, stock options vested as of the end of the period of 5,509,213 and Convertible Debt into 10,768,453 shares would have been included in the fully diluted weighted average calculation. For the year ended June 30, 2020 warrants of 36,137,988, stock options vested as of the end of the period of 1,428,197 and Convertible Debt into 13,191,111 shares were added to the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Leases Effective on July 1, 2019, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases Topic 842 using the modified retrospective method. This new accounting standard requires a lessee to recognize an asset and liability for most leases on its balance sheet. Upon adoption, right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease liabilities for operating leases were recorded in the amount of 301,885 and 308,843, respectively. Disclosure requirements for the reporting period beginning July 1, 2019 is presented under Topic 842, while prior period amounts have not been adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with our historical accounting under ASC 840, Leases Topic 840 ). F-10 Table of Contents The Company elected the practical expedient method permitted under the transition guidance, which allows a carryforward of historical lease classification, the assessment on whether a contract was or contains a lease, and the initial direct costs for any leases that existed prior to July 1, 2019. The Company also elected to recognize the associated lease payments in the consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Under Topic 842, the Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of remaining lease payments over the lease term. For this purpose, the Company considers only payments that are fixed and determinable at the time of commencement and leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not included in lease liabilities or ROU asset. As most leases do not provide an implicit rate, a rate which approximates the Company s incremental borrowing rate is used, based on the information available at commencement date, in determining the present value of lease payments. The ROU asset also includes any lease payments made prior to commencement and is recorded net of any lease incentives received. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise such options. Lease agreements may contain variable costs such as common area maintenance, insurance, real estate taxes or other costs. Variable lease costs are expensed as incurred. Lease agreements generally do not contain residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. Over the lease term, the Company uses the effective interest rate method to account for the lease liability as lease payments are made and the ROU asset is amortized in a manner that results in straight-line expense recognition. Income Taxes The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes. Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year and (ii) deferred tax consequences of temporary differences resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity s financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if based on the weight of the available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of June 30, 2021, the Company had approximately 18,000,000 of net operating loss carry forward that was unrecognized tax benefits. ASC Topic 740 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740 provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. There are no material uncertain tax positions at June 30, 2021, other than as disclosed in Note 6. On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted the Tax Act, which made significant changes to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including, but not limited to, reducing the U.S. corporate statutory tax rate and the net operating loss incurred after December 31, 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely and the two year net operating loss carried back was eliminated (prohibited). F-11 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, 606, the core principle of which is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, five basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation. The Company accounts for revenues when both parties to the contract have approved the contract, the rights and obligations of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, and collectability of consideration is probable. Payment terms vary by client and the services offered. Costs of Revenue Costs of revenue primarily consists of the costs associated with the operation of the Company s platform, such as third party fees paid for texting services, server and hosting charges, technology support costs, amortization, maintenance costs, staff costs and other expenses directly attributable to the online marketplace services. Fair Value Measurements The Company adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, which defines fair value as used in numerous accounting pronouncements, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and expands disclosure of fair value measurements. The estimated fair value of certain financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, and debt are carried at historical cost basis, which approximates their fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. ASC 820 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: Level 1 quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities Level 2 quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable Level 3 inputs that are unobservable (for example cash flow modeling inputs based on assumptions) The Company has a derivative liability valued at fair value on a recurring basis. Preferred Stock and Derivative Liability The Company has determined that the Series A Preferred Stock conversion provisions meet the accounting requirements of FASB ASC 815 which requires a bifurcation of an embedded conversion feature and classification of the derivative as a liability on the balance sheet at the end of each reporting period. The fair value of the derivative liability is estimated each period as a Level 3 Significant Unobservable Inputs based upon the numbers of common shares stock at an estimated conversion price. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326), which introduces new guidance for the accounting for credit losses on instruments within its scope. The new guidance introduces an approach based on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments. It also modifies the impairment model for available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities and provides for a simplified accounting model for purchased financial assets with credit deterioration since their origination. The pronouncement will be effective for public business entities that are SEC filers in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The effect of the adoption of this pronouncement to the Company was immaterial. F-12 Table of Contents In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt-Debt with Conversion and other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). ASU 2020-06 requires entities to provide expanded disclosures about the terms and features of convertible instruments and reduces the number of accounting models for convertible instruments and allows more contracts to qualify for equity classification. The pronouncement will be effective for public business entities that are SEC filers in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted but no earlier than fiscal years beginning December 15, 2020. No other recent accounting pronouncements were issued by FASB and the SEC that are believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s present or future condensed consolidated financial statements. Note 3 Fixed Assets and Intangible Assets Fixed Assets and intangible assets consist of the following: June 30, 2021 June 30, 2020 Software platform 4,482,225 4,482,225 Furniture and fixtures 1,500 1,500 Less accumulated amortization (1,809,801 (1,085,355 Property and equipment, net 2,673,924 3,398,370 On November 6, 2018, the Company acquired a customer facing software Loyalty Software through a Stock Purchase Agreement, where the Company acquired all the issued and outstanding capital stock of Greenlight Technologies, Inc. GTI from its shareholders. At the time of the transaction, there were no employees working for GTI, no systems and no assets, other than the Loyalty Software. GTI s legal entity will be dissolved in the transition and the Loyalty Software will be assumed by the Company. Management determined that the purchase of GTI did not constitute a business purchase and recorded the transaction as a purchase of software. The consideration for the Loyalty Software was 2,916,667 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share and cash of approximately 450,000. Total value of the Loyalty Software was estimated at approximately 3,010,000. The additional consideration for future developments will be evaluated and considered enhancements which will either be capitalized to the software or expensed as research and development costs. During the year ended June 30, 2020 additional Incentive Shares of 366,667 for a value of 262,500 was issued to shareholders of GTI as final settlement of the 2018 agreement. During the year ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 the Company capitalized 0 and 922,558, respectively of software enhancements. GTI provides cannabis consumers real-time mobile ordering and loyalty rewards through an internally developed application that integrates with the local dispensary s point of sale system. The Company plans to fully integrate this technology into the current platform and create an Ultimate Bundle of services for the cannabis industry. The current revenues of GTI are minimal, and the Company expects higher sales in the California market as the system is fully integrated. Amortization expense, recorded as cost of revenue, related to internal use software totaled 724,814 during the year ended June 30, 2021 and for the same period ended 2020 amortization expenses was 695,103. Amortization expense for the next five years is as follows: 2022 724,445 2023 724,445 2024 622,359 2025 459,342 2026 143,333 Total Unamortized Expense 2,673,924 F-13 Table of Contents Note 4 Capital Stock and Equity Transactions The Company has 150,000,000 shares of common stock authorized with a par value of 0.001 per share as of June 30, 2021. In addition, the Company has 10,000,000 preferred stock authorized with a par value of 0.001 per share as of June 30, 2021. On April 19, 2018, the Company entered into a Standby Equity Distribution Agreement (the SEDA with YA II PN Ltd. YA Investor ), a Cayman Island exempt limited partnership and an affiliate of Yorkville Advisors Global, LLC, whereby the Company sold and the YA Investor purchased 869,565 shares (the Initial Shares of the Company s common stock for the purchase price of One Million Dollars 1,000,000), Additionally, under the SEDA the Company may sell to the YA Investor up to 5 million of shares of Common Stock over a two-year commitment period. Under the terms of the SEDA, the Company may from time to time, in its discretion, sell newly issued shares of its common stock to the YA Investor at a discount to market of 8 of the lowest daily volume weighted average price during the relevant pricing period. The Company is obligated to register the Initial Shares, the Commitment Shares (as defined below), and the shares of Common Stock issuable under the SEDA pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Company is not obligated to utilize any portion of the SEDA and there are no minimum commitments or minimum use penalties provided the Company does not terminate the SEDA by October 2020 wherein the Company would be required to pay a termination fee of 100,000. The Company issued One Hundred Thousand (100,000) shares of common stock as a commitment fee (the Commitment Shares to an affiliate of the YA Investor. The total amount of funds that ultimately can be raised under the SEDA over the two-year term will depend on the market price for the Company s common stock and the number of shares actually sold. The SEDA does not impose any restrictions on the Company s operating activities. During the term of the SEDA, the YA Investor is prohibited from engaging in any short selling or hedging transactions related to the common stock. In connection with the SEDA, the Company engaged Garden State Securities, Inc. GSS as its exclusive selling/placement agent. In connection with the transactions set forth in the SEDA, GSS shall receive a fee equal to 10 of the purchase price of the Initial Shares in cash plus warrants to purchase 86,957 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 1.15 per share, expiring in five years. GSS will also receive a cash fee equal to 5 of the amount paid by the Investor for each Advance under the SEDA. During October and November 2018, the Company used the SEDA to receive 1,045,000. The Company issued 1,116,738 common shares which were valued at fair market at the date issued. On July 2, 2019, the Company, entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors Investors ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell directly to the Investors in a private offering (the Offering ), an aggregate of 7,211,538 shares of common stock, at 0.624 per Share or a 20 discount to the closing price as of July 2, 2019, for gross proceeds of approximately 4,500,000 before deducting offering expenses. The Purchase Agreement contained customary representations and warranties. The Shares were offered by the Company pursuant to the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act, and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder. The Company was obligated in accordance with the terms of a Registration Rights Agreement (the Rights Agreement to register the Shares and the shares of common stock underlying the warrants described below, within 90 days from the date of the Purchase Agreement. All shares of common stock and shares of common stock underlying the warrants have been registered. F-14 Table of Contents As additional consideration for the purchase of the Shares, the Company agreed to issue to the Investors Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants, and Series C Warrants (collectively, the Warrants ). The number of shares for the Warrants and exercise price of the Warrants is subject to adjustment; provided, however, on each of (i) the 3rd Trading Day following the effective date (the Effective Date of the Registration Statement to be filed by the Company (the Interim True-Up Date ), and (ii) the 6th Trading Day following the Effective Date (the Final True-Up Date ), the Exercise Price shall be reduced, and only reduced, to equal the lower of (1) the then Exercise Price and (2) 100 of the lowest VWAP during the 2 Trading Days prior to the Interim True-Up Date or 5 Trading Days prior to the Final True-Up Date, as applicable, immediately following the Effective Date. The Series C Warrants, which are considered pre-funded, allow each Investor to purchase an amount of shares equal to the sum of (a) any shares purchased by the Investor pursuant to the Purchase Agreement that would have resulted in the beneficial ownership of greater than 4.99 of the outstanding common shares of the Company, (b) on the 3 rd Trading Day following the Effective Date, if 80 of the lowest VWAP during the 2 Trading Days immediately prior to such date Primary Effective Date Price is less than 0.624, then a number of shares of Common Stock equal to such Investor s Purchase Agreement purchase amount divided by the Primary Effective Date Price less any shares of Common Stock (i) issued at the Closing and (ii) issuable pursuant to clause (a) above, if any, and (c) on the 6 th Trading Day following the Effective Date, if 80 of the lowest VWAP during the 5 Trading Days immediately prior to such date Secondary Effective Date Price is less than 0.624, then a number of shares of Common Stock equal to such Holder s Subscription Amount at the Closing divided by the Secondary Effective Date Price less any shares of common stock (i) issued at the Closing, (ii) issuable pursuant to clause (a) above, if any, (ii) issuable pursuant to clause (b) above, if any. The Series C Warrants are exercisable at a price of 0.001 per share. In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company engaged Dawson James as its exclusive selling/placement agent. In connection with the transactions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, Dawson James received a fee equal to 10 of the Offering in cash plus warrants to purchase 360,577 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.78 per share, expiring in five years. The Company issued 30,299,998 shares of common stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, as well as the exercise of the Series C Warrants and fees paid in shares of common stock. The Company received approximately 4,038,000, net of the placement fees, legal and other expenses incurred for the placement of the Shares. The Investors received Series A Warrants to allow the Investors to purchase an aggregate of 7,018,090 shares of common stock, and Series B Warrants to allow the Investors to purchase an aggregate of 28,072,364 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 0.1603 per common share. If the investors choose to exercise all Series A, the Company would receive proceeds of 4,500,000. The 324,325 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are convertible into 117,688,024 shares of Common Stock so that the Series A Convertible Stock holders would hold 55 of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock on a fully diluted basis after giving effect to such conversion as of June 30, 2021 compared to 115,016,707 as of June 30, 2020. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock vote on an as-converted basis. The Company has recorded a derivative liability in accordance with FASB ASC 815 because of the conversion feature embedded in the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The value as of June 30, 2021 for the derivative liability was 6,601,339 which was an increase from June 30, 2020 of 3,775,678. The difference was recorded as an unrealized loss on the consolidated statement of operations as of June 30, 2021 compared to a gain for this same period in 2020 of 6,811,623. The 7,567 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are convertible into 1,120,064 shares of common stock. Issuance of Common Stock During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued 4,000,000 shares of common stock to Note Payable Holders as satisfaction of principal obligations. These shares were valued at fair market value of 300,000. F-15 Table of Contents During the year ended June 30, 2021 the Company issued 1,638,869 shares of common stock to employees. These shares were valued at fair market value of 177,718 and expensed in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. During the year ended June 30, 2021 the Company issued 62,288 to members of the board of directors for services rendered. These shares were valued at fair market value of 8,110 and expensed in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. During the year ended June 30, 2021 the Company issued 1,844,201 to vendors for services rendered. These shares were valued at fair market value of 216,073 and expensed in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. During the year ended June 30, 2020 the Company issued 860,950 shares of common stock to employees. These shares were valued at fair market value of 103,614 and expensed in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations. During the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued 1,815,220 shares of common stock to Note Payable Holders are satisfaction of these obligations. These shares were valued at fair market value of 131,000. During the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued 366,667 shares of common stock to shareholders of GTI as additional consideration for the 2019 software acquisition. These shares were valued at fair market value of 262,500. During the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company accepted subscriptions for the issuance of 30,299,998 shares of common stock for total subscriptions of 4,037,888 in cash, as described above. During the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock to vendors for services rendered. These shares were valued at fair market value of 40,000 and expensed in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations. During the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued a total of 15,000 shares of common stock to two members of the Board of Directors for services rendered. These shares were valued at fair market value of 1,230 and expensed in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company has determined that as of June 30, 2021 the Series A Preferred stock would be convertible into 117,688,024 shares of common stock which would result in 253,523,746 shares of fully diluted common shares. The Company is authorized to issue 150,000,000 shares. This exceeds the authorized and outstanding shares by 103,523,746 shares and therefore in accordance with ASR 268 the Company needs to present the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock separate from Stockholders Equity on the Balance Sheet and in the footnote disclosure. The Company has elected to not to present the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock separate as a mezzanine equity in accordance with ASR 268 because in October 2021 the Series A 55 feature no longer existed and this classification would be temporary and moved backed to permanent equity. Note 5 Debt During February 2018, the Company issued a promissory note in favor of an investor of the Company in the amount of 150,000 in exchange for 132,000 cash. The note has an original issue discount of 18,000 that is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note. The loan maturity date was extended to August 8, 2019, the discount is fully amortized and total unpaid principal and interest is approximately 211,003, accruing at 12 at June 30, 2021, and is payable upon demand. On September 21, 2018, the Company entered into a promissory note with an investor of the Company with a face value of 440,000 in exchange for 400,000 cash payment the Convertible Note ), the discount of the Convertible Note will be amortized over the life of the Convertible Note and have an interest rate of 10 . The Convertible Note has a twelve-month term with no payment required for the initial six months; after six months, the Company will repay the investors interest and principal in six equal installments. The principal and interest of the note is convertible into the Company s common stock at a purchase price of 0.70 per common share after the six months. If the Company defaults on the Convertible Note, the interest is increased to 12 and at the investors option, the principal and interest can be converted into the Company s common stock at a 20 discount to the then current market. In addition, the Company issued five-year warrants to purchase up to 200,000 common shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 0.75 per share. The value assigned to the warrants of 125,723 has been fully amortized. The cash for this Convertible Note was received prior to September 30, 2018. As of June 30, 2021, the Convertible Note is payable upon demand and total unpaid principal and interest outstanding is approximately 581,475. F-16 Table of Contents On September 21, 2018, the Company entered several promissory notes with various investors of the Company with a face value of 440,000 in exchange for 400,000 cash payment the Notes ), the discount of the Notes will be amortized over the life of the Note and have an interest rate of 10 . The Notes have a twelve-month term with no payment required for the initial six months; after six months, the Company will repay the investors interest and principal in six equal installments. The principal and interest of the note is convertible into the Company s common stock at a purchase price of 0.70 per common share after the six months. If the Company defaults on the Notes, the interest is increased to 12 and at the investors option, the principal and interest can be converted into the Company s common stock at a 20 discount to the then current market price. In addition, the Company issued five-year warrants to purchase up to 200,000 of the Company s common shares at a price of 0.75 per share. The cash for these Notes was received prior to September 30, 2018. The value assigned to the warrants of 62,862 has been fully amortized. In March 2020, 220,000 of the 2018 Notes have been fully extinguished and the remaining 220,000 is in default and payable upon demand. As of June 30, 2021, the total unpaid principal and interest is approximately 290,738. During the year ended June 30, 2019, the Company entered into several promissory notes with various investors of the Company with a face value of 960,000 in exchange for a total of 900,000 cash payments the Notes ). The Notes have a beneficial conversion feature valued at 839,378, which is recorded as a discount. The total discount on the Notes will be amortized over the life of the Notes and recorded as interest expense. The notes have an interest rate of 7 and have an eighteen-month term with no payment required for the initial six months; after six months, the Company will repay the investors interest and principal in twelve equal installments. The principal and interest of the note is convertible into the Company s common stock at a purchase price of 0.75 per common share at any time after the Original Issue Date. In March 2020, the Company did not make its required principal and interest payment which put the Notes in default. The interest rate increased to 15 and at the investors option, the principal and interest can be converted into the Company common stock at a 20 discount to the then current market price. The beneficial ownership value assigned to the conversion feature of 801,741 has been fully amortized. As of March 31, 2020, 533,000 of the 2019 Notes have been fully extinguished as 402,000 of debt repayment and the issuance of common stock valued at 131,000. On January 25, 2021, 300,000 of the 2019 Notes have been fully extinguished with the issuance of 4,000,000 of common stock at a price of 0.075 per share. The remaining principal of 90,125 is in default and payable upon demand. As of June 30, 2021, the total unpaid principal and interest is approximately 157,465. During the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party (see Note 9) with a face value of 600,000 in exchange for a total of 565,000 cash payments. The total discount of the Note will be amortized over the life of the Note and recorded as interest expense which matured on December 1, 2020. In January 2021, the Company repaid 300,000 of the promissory note balance. The note is in default and due upon demand and the interest rate was increased to 12 . As of June 30, 2021, the total unpaid principal and interest is approximately 355,825. During the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party (see Note 9) with a face value of 50,000. In January 2021, the Company repaid 25,000 of the promissory note balance. The note is in default and the interest rate increased to 12 . As of June 30, 2021, the total unpaid principal and interest is approximately 29,636. On April 30, 2020 the Company executed the standard loan documents required for securing a loan (the EIDL Loan from the United States Small Business Administration (the SBA under its Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL assistance program in light of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business. The principal amount of the EIDL Loan is 500,000, with proceeds to be used for working capital purposes. Interest on the EIDL Loan accrues at the rate of 3.75 per annum and installment payments, including principal and interest, are due monthly beginning twelve months from the date of the EIDL Loan in the amount of 2,437. The balance of principal and interest is payable thirty years from the date of the promissory note. F-17 Table of Contents On May 29, 2020, the Company was granted a loan from American Express National Bank in the aggregate amount of 602,478, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program PPP) under Division A, Title I of the CARES Act, which was enacted March 27, 2020. The Loan which was in the form of a Note dated May 29, 2020, matures on May 29, 2022 and bears interest at a rate of 1.00 per annum, payable monthly commencing on December 29, 2020. The Note may be prepaid by the Borrower at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. Funds from the Loan may only be used for payroll costs, costs used to continue group health care benefits, rent, utilities and interest on other debt obligations incurred before February 15, 2020. The Company intends to use the entire Loan amount for qualifying expenses. Under the terms of the PPP, certain amounts of the Loan may be forgiven if they are used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. On January 5, 2021 the Company was notified by American Express National Bank that the United States Small Business Administration has approved our Loan Forgiveness Application and the loan has been closed. The Company realized other income from the forgiveness of the PPP loan in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended June 30, 2021. On March 30, 2021, the Company was granted a loan from American Express National Bank in the aggregate amount of 557,977, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program PPP) under Division A, Title I of the CARES Act, which was enacted March 27, 2020. The Loan which was in the form of a Note dated March 30, 2021, matures on March 30, 2023 and bears interest at a rate of 1.00 per annum, payable monthly commencing on March 30, 2022. The Note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. Funds from the Loan may only be used for payroll costs, costs used to continue group health care benefits, rent, utilities and interest on other debt obligations incurred before February 15, 2020. The Company intends to use the entire Loan amount for qualifying expenses. Under the terms of the PPP, certain amounts of the Loan may be forgiven if they are used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. While the Company currently believes that its use of the loan proceeds will meet the conditions for forgiveness of the loan, it cannot be assured that the Company will be ineligible for forgiveness of the loan, in whole or in part. The Company recognized 233,355 and 981,423 of interest expense for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, accrued interest on the above notes was 419,715 and 186,360, respectively. The weighted average interest rates as of June 30, 2021 and 2020 was 5.13 and 5.65 . Notes payable and long-term debt outstanding as of June 30, 2021 and 2020 are summarized below: Maturity Date June 30, 2021 June 30, 2020 12 150,000 Note Payable, net of unamortized discount of 0 and 14,320, respectively Due on Demand 150,000 150,000 10 440,000 Convertible Note Payable, net of unamortized discount of 0 and 28,589, respectively Due on Demand 440,000 440,000 10 220,000 Convertible Note Payable, net of unamortized discount of 0 and 14,295, respectively Due on Demand 220,000 220,000 7 426,667 Convertible Note Payable, net of unamortized discount of 35,866 and 314,40, respectively Due on Demand - 182,326 7 213,333 Convertible Note Payable, net of unamortized discount of 28,492 and 153,786, respectively Due on Demand 90,125 164,072 8 600,000 Related Party Note Payable, net of unamortized discount of 0 and 21,911 respectively Due on Demand 300,000 578,089 8 50,000 Related Party Note Payable Due on Demand 25,000 50,000 5 Note Payable Due on Demand (1) 350,000 350,000 1 PPP #1 Note Payable May 29, 2022 - 602,478 1 PPP #2 Note Payable May 29, 2022 557,977 - 3.75 SBA EIDL Note Payable April 30, 2050 500,000 500,000 Total notes payable 2,633,102 3,236,965 Less current portion of notes payable 1,575,125 2,134,487 Notes payable, less current portion 1,057,977 1,102,478 __________ (1) The Company entered two promissory notes with an investor of the Company in the amount of 350,000. The investor had agreed to convert the loan into 437,500 shares of common stock in 2018. The Company has not issued these shares to the investor and booked the notes as a short-term loan. This loan is considered payable upon demand. F-18 Table of Contents Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies The Company records tax contingencies when the exposure item becomes probable and reasonably estimable. As of June 30, 2021, the Company had a tax contingency related to stock options granted below the fair market value on date of grant. The Company is in the process of determining the possible exposure and necessary expense accrual for the related tax, penalties and interest. Management has not been able to determine the amount as of the date of this report, however, does not expect the amount to be material to the financial statements. To the best of the Company s knowledge and belief, no legal proceedings of merit are currently pending or threatened against the Company. Note 7 Risks and Uncertainties The Company does not have a concentration of revenues from any individual customer (less than 10 ). The Company operates in a rapidly evolving and highly regulated industry and will only conduct business in legal cannabis states. The Company was affected in 2020 by the COVID-19 outbreak and worldwide pandemic. The Company saw some postponements in orders in the first few weeks March 2020 but orders stabilized to a normal level by the end of fiscal year 2020. The Company made a significant pivot to a complete solution when it comes to online ordering and communication. Note 8 Stock Based Compensation and Payments The equity incentive plan of the Company was established in February of 2017. The Board of Directors of the Company may from time to time, in its discretion grant to directors, officers, consultants and employees of the Company, non-transferable options to purchase common shares, provided that the number of options issued do not exceed 20,000,000. The options are exercisable for a period of up to 4 years from the date of the grant. The number of shares authorized to be issued under the equity incentive plan was increased from 10,000,000 to 20,000,000 through consent of stockholders to amend and restate the equity incentive plan. The average fair value of stock options granted was estimated to be 0.14 and 0.07 per share for the period ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020. This estimate was made using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the following weighted average assumptions: 2021 2020 Expected option life (years) 2-4 2 - 4 Expected stock price volatility 227 to 254 227 to 230 Expected dividend yield - Risk-free interest rate 0.44 to 0.54 0.44 to 0.54 F-19 Table of Contents A summary of option activity under the employee share option pan as of June 30, 2021 and changes during the year then ended is presented below. Shares Weighted-Average Exercise Price Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Price Aggregate Intrinsic Value Options: Outstanding at July 1, 2020 12,558,375 0.07 Granted 7,254,124 0.14 Exercised, converted - 0.00 Forfeited / exchanged / modification (6,218,240 0.07 Outstanding at June 30, 2021 13,594,259 0.11 2.5 155,693 Exercisable at June 30, 2021 5,509,213 0.08 3.0 Number of options available for grant at end of period 426,870 A summary of the status of the Company s nonvested shares as of June 30, 2021, and changes during the year ended June 30, 2021, is presented below: Options Shares Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Nonvested at July 1, 2020 12,558,375 0.07 Granted 7,254,124 0.14 Vested (1,464,080 0.07 Forfeited (6,218,240 0.07 Nonvested at June 30, 2021 12,130,179 0.11 Stock-based compensation expense attributable to stock options was approximately 326,506 for the year ended June 30, 2021. As of June 30, 2021, there was approximately 2,415,541 of unrecognized compensation expense related to 12,130,179 nonvested stock options outstanding, and the weighted average vesting period for those options was 3 years. F-20 Table of Contents Warrants At June 30, 2021, the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase the Company s common stock which were issued in connection with multiple financing arrangements. Information relating to these warrants is summarized as follows: Warrants Remaining Number Outstanding Weighted Average Remaining Life (Years) Weighted Average Exercise Price Warrants - SEDA Financing 86,957 1.80 1.15 Warrants - Issued with Convertible Notes 600,000 2.23 0.75 Warrants - Securities Purchase Agreement 360,577 3.02 0.78 Warrants A - Securities Purchase Agreement 28,072,364 3.02 0.16 Total 29,119,898 Aggregate intrinsic value at June 30, 2021 0 Note 9 Related Party Transactions In March 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note with the Chief Executive Officer for 600,000 in exchange for a total of a 565,000 cash payment. The note matured in December 2020 and 300,000 of principal payments have been made to date. The note is in default and due upon demand and the interest rate was increased to 12 . In March 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note with the Chief Technology Officer for 50,000. The note matured on January 1, 2021 and 25,000 of principal payments have been made to date. The note is in default and due upon demand and the interest rate was increased to 12 . Note 10 Leases On January 1, 2021 the Company extended its Denver Colorado headquarter lease for 12 months through December 31, 2021. During the past fiscal year a majority of the Company s employee have been working remotely and the Company does not know if they will continue to keep this location or relocate to a small facility. Therefore, in accordance with ASC 842 the Company will not record an operating right of use asset and operating lease liability because of the short term nature of this amendment. The Company will recognize lease expense on a monthly basis through the life of this lease of approximately 51,786. During the year ended June 30, 2021 the Company ceased to use its Los Angles sales office and vacated the real estate. As a result, the Company wrote off the right of use asset of 91,316. The company had an operating use liability of 94,098 with respect to the lease. During this same period, the Company completed negotiations with the landlord to settle the remaining amounts due of 86,970 for a cash payment of 25,000. The Company recorded a gain of 61,970 in the consolidated statements of operations for the settlement of the operating lease. Note 11 Subsequent Events The Company has evaluated subsequent events through October 12, 2021 and has not identified any other items requiring additional disclosure. F-21 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 lbuy_ex45.htm
 CONVERTIBLE NOTE
 
 lbuy_ex45.htm EXHIBIT 4.5 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-4.6>
 3
 lbuy_ex46.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE
 
 lbuy_ex46.htm EXHIBIT 4.6 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-4.7>
 4
 lbuy_ex47.htm
 CONVERTIBLE NOTE
 
 lbuy_ex47.htm EXHIBIT 4.7 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-4.8>
 5
 lbuy_ex48.htm
 CONVERTIBLE NOTE
 
 lbuy_ex48.htm EXHIBIT 4.8 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 

</EX-4.8>

<EX-4.9>
 6
 lbuy_ex49.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE
 
 lbuy_ex49.htm EXHIBIT 4.9 

</EX-4.9>

<EX-4.10>
 7
 lbuy_ex410.htm
 CONVERTIBLE NOTE
 
 lbuy_ex410.htm EXHIBIT 4.10 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 

</EX-4.10>

<EX-4.11>
 8
 lbuy_ex411.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE
 
 lbuy_ex411.htm EXHIBIT 4.11 1 2 

</EX-4.11>

<EX-4.12>
 9
 lbuy_ex412.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE
 
 lbuy_ex412.htm EXHIBIT 4.12 1 2 

</EX-4.12>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 lbuy_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 lbuy_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Kurt Rossner, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Leafbuyer Technologies, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the interim financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Interim Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 13, 2021 By: /s/ Kurt Rossner Kurt Rossner Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 lbuy_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 lbuy_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Mark Breen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Leafbuyer Technologies, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the interim financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Interim Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 13, 2021 By: /s/ Mark Breen Mark Breen Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 lbuy_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 lbuy_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the annual report of Leafbuyer Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Kurt Rossner, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: October 13, 2021 By: /s/ Kurt Rossner Kurt Rossner Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to liability under that section. This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act except to the extent that this Exhibit 32.1 is expressly and specifically incorporated by reference in any such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 lbuy_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 lbuy_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the annual report of Leafbuyer Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Mark Breen, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: October 13, 2021 By: /s/ Mark Breen Mark Breen Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to liability under that section. This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act except to the extent that this Exhibit 32.2 is expressly and specifically incorporated by reference in any such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 14
 lbuy-20210630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 lbuy-20210630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 lbuy-20210630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 lbuy-20210630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 lbuy-20210630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 lbuy-20210630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

