<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211123_10-K_edgar_data_1782754_0001564590-21-057997.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21661474</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>520773</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2926016</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7989296</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2968716</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6854935</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-21-057997.hdr.sgml : 20211123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211123132057
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-21-057997
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AZEK Co Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001782754
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS PRODUCTS, NEC [3089]
		IRS NUMBER:				901017663
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39322
		FILM NUMBER:		211436949

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1330 W FULTON STREET, #350
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60607
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-275-2935

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1330 W FULTON STREET, #350
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60607

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CPG Newco LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190717

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-21-057997.txt : 20211123

10-K
 1
 azek-10k_20210930.htm
 10-K

azek-10k_20210930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

The AZEK Company Inc. 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading 
 Symbol 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant at March 31, 2021 (the last day of the registrant s most recent second quarter) was based on the closing price of the registrant s Class A common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on such date. 
 As of October 29, 2021, the registrant had shares of Class A Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share, and shares of Class B Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding. 
 Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 15 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 34 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 34 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 34 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 34 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 35 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 36 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 37 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 58 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 59 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 59 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 59 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 61 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 62 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 62 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 62 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 62 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 62 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 63 

Item 16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 63 

2 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 General 
 The AZEK Company Inc. (the Company, which may be referred to as AZEK, we or us) is an industry-leading designer and manufacturer of beautiful, low-maintenance and environmentally sustainable residential and commercial building products and is committed to innovation, sustainability and research & development. Our predecessor was formed on August 15, 2013, and, in connection with our initial public offering, or our IPO, we became a Delaware corporation and changed our name to The AZEK Company Inc. on June 11, 2020. Our principal executive offices are located at 1330 W Fulton Street, Suite 350, Chicago, Illinois 60607, and our telephone number is 877-275-2935. AZEK operates highly automated manufacturing and recycling facilities in Ohio, Pennsylvania and Minnesota and, in 2021, announced plans to open a new facility in Boise, Idaho. Our website address is www.azekco.com. We use our investor relations website at investors.azekco.com as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor our investor relations website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls and webcasts. We also make available free of charge on our investor relations website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with (or furnished to) the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of our websites and webcasts and information that can be accessed through our websites and webcasts are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with (or furnish to) the SEC, and any references to our websites and webcasts are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 Environmental and Social Responsibility Corporate Governance 
 Through our FULL-CIRCLE ESG strategy, we are committed to pursuing initiatives that positively impact our products, our people and our planet. One of our core values is to always do the right thing . We make decisions according to what is right, not what is the cheapest, fastest or easiest, and we strive to always operate with integrity, transparency and with the customer in mind. In furtherance of that value, we are focused on sustainability across our operations and have adopted strategies to enable us to meet the growing demand for environmentally friendly products. 
 Under the direction of our chief executive officer and the board of directors, we are focused on continually improving our high level of environmental and social responsibility and further strengthening our corporate governance. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our board of directors is responsible for overseeing our strategy on corporate social responsibility and sustainability, including environmental, social and governance, or ESG, matters and related policies and communications. Additionally, we have established an internal ESG Steering Committee comprised of cross-functional leaders from across our organization that is focused on implementing ESG strategies and policies and reports directly to our chief executive officer. 
 Our corporate values serve as a belief system that guides how we work. These values influence our decisions, our interactions with colleagues and customers, and our standards for behavior. Our core value of always do the right thing is the foundation of our overarching commitment to ESG stewardship. In accordance with this commitment, we are a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact, a global initiative focused on advancing sustainable and responsible business practices related to human rights, labor, the environment and anti-corruption. 
 We operate our business in a manner that is centered on sustainability and promotes environmental stewardship across our value chain from product design to raw material sourcing and manufacturing to employee, customer and stakeholder communications and engagement. For example, we estimate that since 2015 more than one million trees have been saved because our customers chose our decking products over wood. As part of the building materials industry, we believe that we can play a role in advancing the circular economy to create a more sustainable future by increasing the recycling of wood, plastic and water, measuring our product lifecycle impacts, measuring and committing to reduce our carbon footprint and encouraging those in our supply chain to do the same. For instance, the wood used in the core of our composite decking products is 100 recycled from sources that include, but are not limited to, facilities that manufacture wood mouldings, flooring, windows, doors and other products, and through our recycling programs, approximately 500 million pounds of scrap and waste were diverted from landfills in fiscal year 2021. In addition, approximately 56 of all of our extruded materials were manufactured from recycled materials in fiscal year 2021, an increase from approximately 54 in fiscal year 2020, and we believe there is an opportunity to increase this percentage in the future. To further demonstrate our commitment to sustainability, in 2021, we announced an ambition to use one billion pounds of waste and scrap annually in the manufacturing of our products by the end of 2026. Other actions include investing in a state-of-the-art polyethylene recycling facility, launching our innovative FULL-CIRCLE PVC Recycling program, increasing the amount of recycled content in our products, which lowers the overall carbon footprint of our products, repurposing the scraps from our board-making process back into production, implementing water- and energy-efficient manufacturing processes at our manufacturing facilities and deliberately sourcing and reusing hard-to-recycle materials that would traditionally end up in landfills. AZEK has been broadly recognized for its sustainability leadership, including receiving Fast Company s 2021 World Changing Ideas award and Green Builder s 2021 Green Innovation of the 
 3 
 
 Year award for our FULL-CIRCLE PVC Recycling program, as well as achieving + VantageVinyl verification from the Vinyl Sustainability Council. 
 We are also committed to social responsibility within our workforce and our community. We have evaluated and adopted certain human capital and human rights management policies to further our commitment to social responsibility. Our culture is driven by a shared passion for our values, mission and performance. It is an inclusive culture of innovative, growth-minded individuals committed to always doing the right thing, continuous improvement and solving problems for our customers and partners. We are focused on hiring and retaining diverse and highly talented employees and empowering them to create value. In our employee selection process and the operation of our business we adhere to equal employment opportunity policies and encourage the participation of our employees in training programs that will enhance their effectiveness in the performance of their duties. Our chief executive officer periodically leads employee meetings intended to provide updates on the business and promote our values, including around sustainability and diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives, and regularly meets with small groups of employees to receive their feedback on the business. We also conduct employee engagement surveys annually. The results of these surveys allow us to identify areas of strength and opportunities for improvement to ensure continued engagement, satisfaction and retention of our employees. We provide attractive benefits that promote the health of our employees and their families and design compelling job opportunities, aligned with our values and mission, in an energizing work environment. We compensate our employees according to our fair remuneration policies and believe deeply in paying for performance. Therefore, employees generally receive a portion of their compensation in the form of share grants tied to performance. In conjunction with our 2020 initial public offering, we provided all employees an opportunity for ownership in our company by granting them shares of our Class A common stock. In 2021, AZEK was named one of Chicago Tribune s Top Workplaces for creating a culture where our employees feel highly engaged, appreciated and fulfilled. 
 Our Environmental, Health and Safety, or EHS, Policy outlines our management programs and expectations throughout our operations and businesses. We manage operational hazards and risks to provide workplaces that are safe and healthy for our employees, visitors, contractors, customers, and the communities in which we operate. We train our employees, so they have the awareness, knowledge and skills to work in a safe and environmentally responsible manner. We continually are reviewing and improving our EHS performance through ongoing training, objectives and management systems. 
 As a company, we are committed to being responsible and respected citizens in the communities in which we live and work. We support organizations that help people live more productive, educated and enriched lives and encourage our employees to contribute their time to support various community and charitable activities in alignment with their values. 
 Our corporate governance policies set clear expectations and responsibilities for our leaders, employees and business partners to ensure we conduct our operations in a manner that is consistent with the highest standards of business ethics and accountability and is based on maintaining a close alignment of our interests with those of our stakeholders. Notable features of our corporate governance structure include the following: 

Ten of our eleven directors have been determined to be independent for purposes of the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, corporate governance listing standards and Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

Our non-executive chairperson of the board of directors convenes and chairs executive sessions of the independent directors to discuss certain matters without executive officers present. 

Three of our Audit Committee members qualify as audit committee financial experts as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. 

Three of our directors, including the chairperson of our Audit Committee, are women, and four of our directors are considered of diverse ethnicity and race, constituting approximately 36 of our board of directors in furtherance of our board diversity policy. 

Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide for a target retirement age of 75 for our directors. 

Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits the purchase or sale of our securities by any of our directors, officers, employees and consultants on the basis of material nonpublic information, and also prohibits our directors and officers from hedging our equity securities, holding such securities in a margin account or pledging such securities as collateral for a loan. 

We have adopted a Clawback Policy whereby we are able to recoup performance- or incentive-based compensation in the event of an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirements under the securities laws. 

Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees and directs our ESG strategies, activities, policies and communications. 

ESG is a component of individual performance under our 2021 management annual incentive plan. 

 4 

In order to foster the highest standards of ethics and conduct in all business relationships, we have adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics policy, or the Code of Conduct. This policy covers a wide range of business practices and procedures and applies to our officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, and consultants. In addition and as a part of the Code of Conduct, we have implemented whistleblowing procedures that allow covered persons to report, on a confidential basis, concerns regarding, among other things, any questionable or unethical accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters with our Audit Committee as well as any potential Code of Conduct or ethics violations with our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee or our Chief Legal Officer. We review all of these policies on a periodic basis with our employees. 
 Our business is managed by our executive officers, subject to the supervision and oversight of our board of directors. Our directors stay informed about our business by attending meetings of our board of directors and its committees and through supplemental reports and communications. 
 Business and Growth Strategies 
 We are an industry-leading designer and manufacturer of beautiful, low-maintenance and environmentally sustainable products focused on the highly attractive, large and fast-growing Outdoor Living market. Homeowners are continuing to invest in their outdoor spaces and are increasingly recognizing the significant advantages of long-lasting products, which are converting demand away from traditional materials, particularly wood. Our products transform those outdoor spaces by combining highly appealing aesthetics with significantly lower maintenance costs compared to traditional materials. Our innovative portfolio of Outdoor Living products, including decking, railing, exterior trim, siding, cladding and accessories, inspires consumers to design outdoor spaces tailored to their unique lifestyle needs. In addition to our leading suite of Outdoor Living products, we sell a broad range of highly engineered products that are sold in commercial markets, including partitions, lockers and storage solutions. We are a leader in our product categories because of our significant scale, vertically-integrated manufacturing capabilities, extensive material science expertise and execution-focused management team. 
 Over our more than 30-year history, we have developed a reputation as a leading innovator in our markets by leveraging our differentiated manufacturing capabilities, material science and research and development, or R&D, expertise to capitalize on favorable secular growth trends that are accelerating material conversion from traditional materials such as wood, to sustainable, low-maintenance engineered materials, and to expand our markets. We believe our core competency of consistently launching new products into the market, combined with our recent investments in sales, marketing, R&D and manufacturing, will continue to solidify our incumbent position as a market leader and enable us to generate long-term demand for our products through economic cycles. Throughout our history, we have introduced numerous disruptive products and demonstrated our ability to drive material conversion and extend our portfolio, addressing consumer needs across a wide range of price segments. We have achieved a premium brand reputation through our unwavering commitment to our customers and developing innovative new products that combine the latest style and design trends with our differentiated material science expertise and proprietary production technologies. For example, we have launched products that take premium flooring trends, such as wire-brushed and hand-scraped finishes and multiple widths, into the decking market and have seen strong demand for those innovative products, providing consumers greater flexibility to curate and personalize their outdoor lifestyle. In fiscal year 2021, we introduced our Landmark decking collection, which emulates the aesthetic of reclaimed wood, as well as our new shingle siding and cladding products, each of which blend the beautiful, low-maintenance and environmentally friendly material technology benefits that we are known for and extends them to new product categories. Our competitive advantages enable us to create award-winning products and back them with some of the industry s longest warranties, such as the 50-year fade & stain warranty that we offer on our TimberTech AZEK decking product line. 
 We have created an operating platform that is centered around sustainability, one of our core strategic pillars, which extends across our value chain from product design to raw material sourcing and manufacturing, and we increasingly utilize plastic waste, recycled wood and scrap in our products. We have also made significant investments in our recycling capabilities over the past few years, including our acquisition of Return Polymers in 2020, which further enhance the sustainability of our manufacturing operations and reduce our costs. In fiscal year 2019, we opened a new polyethylene recycling facility that utilizes advanced technologies to transform a broad range of plastic waste into raw material used in our products. Today, our TimberTech PRO and EDGE decking lines offer high-quality products made from approximately 80 recycled material. Through our recycling programs, approximately 500 million pounds of waste and scrap were diverted from landfills in fiscal year 2021. Furthermore, approximately 99 of scrap generated is re-used, and the majority of our TimberTech, AZEK Exteriors and Versatex products are recyclable at the end of their useful lives. 
 We believe our multi-faceted growth and margin expansion strategy positions us to drive profitable above-market growth in the markets we serve. This strategy includes initiatives to: 

Accelerate market conversion by capitalizing on downstream investments across professional and retail channels 

Build the leading consumer brand in outdoor living 

Introduce innovative new products that expand our markets 

Expand margins through enhanced recycling capabilities and productivity initiatives and 

Execute strategic acquisitions that broaden our platform and enhance our manufacturing operations. 

 5 

Our Brands and Products 
 We currently operate in two reportable segments: Residential and Commercial. We leverage a shared material technology and U.S.-based manufacturing platform to create an extensive range of long-lasting and low-maintenance products that convert demand away from traditional materials. Our Residential segment serves the high-growth Outdoor Living market by offering products that inspire consumers to design outdoor spaces tailored to their individual lifestyles. Our innovative portfolio of Outdoor Living products, including decking, railing, exterior trim and accessories, are sold under our TimberTech, AZEK Exteriors, VERSATEX and ULTRALOX brands. Our Commercial segment addresses demand for low-maintenance, highly engineered products in a variety of commercial and industrial markets, including the outdoor, graphic displays and signage, educational and recreational markets, as well as the food processing and chemical industries. Products sold by our Commercial segment include highly engineered polymer sheeting as well as partitions, lockers and storage solutions. 
 Residential Segment 
 In our Residential segment, we design and manufacture engineered Outdoor Living products, including decking, railing, trim and moulding and accessories that drive conversion away from wood and other traditional materials. These products are primarily capped wood composites and PVC that are aesthetically similar, yet functionally superior, to finished wood, as they require less maintenance, do not rot or warp, are resistant to water, insects, stains, moisture, mold, mildew, scuffs and scratching, and do not require painting or staining for protection. Many of our products are also designed to ease installation for contractors and builders and reduce lifetime maintenance costs for consumers, without sacrificing aesthetics. We believe these factors, combined with some of the industry s longest warranties and a comprehensive range of on-trend color palettes and styles, drive contractor loyalty and offer a compelling choice for consumers looking to reinvent their outdoor living spaces and the exteriors of their homes. 
 In fiscal year 2021, our Residential segment generated net sales of 1,044.1 million, representing approximately 89 of our total net sales. Our Residential segment consists of Deck, Rail & Accessories which is approximately 73 of total consolidated net sales and Exteriors which is approximately 27 of total consolidated net sales. Demand for our Residential segment products is largely driven by repair and remodel activity, which we estimate accounted for approximately 80 of our Residential segment net sales in fiscal year 2021 with the remaining sales attributable to new construction activity. 
 Decking 
 We are one of the only decking manufacturers to offer both capped wood composite and PVC decking products. Our decking products transform consumers outdoor areas into aesthetically appealing spaces, while reducing lifetime maintenance costs as compared to those made with traditional materials. These high-quality, innovative products are artfully crafted with a broad range of design options and distinguishing features, such as cascading or variegated tones to emulate the natural look and finish of wood. Our products are long lasting and often a more cost-effective alternative over time than products made of traditional materials such as wood, which can fade quickly, require frequent sanding, staining and maintenance and are prone to rot, splinter and crack. In addition, our decking products span a wide range of entry-level to premium price points and are covered by some of the industry s longest warranties. We are also committed to sustainability and to manufacturing our products with recycled waste and scrap. The wood used in the core of our decking products is 100 recycled, and we do not use any virgin timber. We continue to expand our use of recycled materials in our decking products, such as in our TimberTech PRO and EDGE decking product lines, which offer products made from approximately 80 recycled material. 
 Through our three primary decking product lines TimberTech AZEK, TimberTech PRO and TimberTech EDGE we offer a broad range of colors, textures and styles to provide consumers with a myriad of design options at a variety of price points. Our TimberTech AZEK line is our most advanced, premium capped polymer technology and offers single- and multi-color options, multiple form factors, including variable widths and a 1.5 thick profile version, and increased benefits, such as durability, slip resistance, heat dissipation and fire resistance, as compared to both wood and capped composite products. Our TimberTech PRO line is our premium capped composite line that is made from a combination of recycled plastics, recycled wood and other additives, and it is made from up to 80 recycled content, including 100 recycled wood. TimberTech PRO products are capped on all four sides, which offers greater mold and moisture protection as compared to similar products that are capped only on three sides. This line also offers many of the aesthetic options available in our TimberTech AZEK line. Our TimberTech EDGE line is our entry-level capped composite line that is also made from up to 80 recycled content, including 100 recycled wood, and offers consumers a cost-effective alternative to wood. TimberTech EDGE products are capped on three sides and offer a high level of moisture resistance as compared to wood, come in both monochromatic and blended coloring profiles. All of our decking lines are backed by our industry-leading warranties, ranging from 25-year limited and fade and stain warranties on our TimberTech EDGE products to a lifetime limited warranty and a 50-year fade and stain warranty on our TimberTech AZEK products. 
 Our decking product lines are complemented by our porch collection as well as our broad range of decking accessories, including in-deck and riser lighting, risers for use on stairs, fascia, end coating, flashing and joist tape and our TimberTech Deck Cleaner. Our growing portfolio of porch board products leverages the same materials and production technologies as our industry-leading decking products and allows us to deliver similar design aesthetics and low-maintenance benefits across a variety of textures. We offer a broad range of high-quality fasteners that enable an efficient installation, safe fastening and superior aesthetics, including 
 6 
 
 traditional fasteners, which are color-matched to the decking product and are offered in both coated carbon steel and stainless steel concealed fasteners, which are covered with a color-matching cap to blend into the associated decking product and hidden fasteners, which are fastened out of sight under the decking boards. 
 Railing 
 Our railing solutions enable consumers to accent their outdoor living spaces with attractive, high-quality, low-maintenance composite and aluminum railing products, which we offer through our TimberTech and ULTRALOX brands. Our railing products reduce the need for ongoing maintenance by eliminating many of the major functional disadvantages of traditional materials, such as warping and rust, and thus are often a more cost-effective alternative over time. For example, our TimberTech composite railing products are covered by a four-sided cap, which eliminates the need for annual sanding, staining, sealing and painting, and our TimberTech aluminum railing products feature a powder coated surface, which produces a long-lasting, color-durable, moisture-resistant finish. 
 Our railing products are available in various materials and in a broad range of colors, finishes and styles, including traditional, modern and minimalist designs, and we offer a wide selection of infill options, such as composite and aluminum balusters, cable rails and glass channel kits. Our aluminum railing products are lighter weight and easier to install than other metal railing materials, and their sleek, minimalistic designs allow unobstructed views, especially when coupled with a glass or cable infill option. Our railing products are diverse and highly customizable, and, in addition to complementing our decking product lines, they also appeal to a broader, stand-alone market, such as for use on decks constructed from traditional materials and in commercial applications. 
 We believe we are particularly well positioned to serve the fast growing aluminum railing market. Using Ultralox s proprietary Interlocking Machine, a dealer or contractor can create a customized aluminum, pre-panelized, interlocking railing system on site. This facilitates faster and easier assembly and installation without special tools, mechanical fasteners or welding for both residential and commercial applications and overcomes the design limitations of pre-fabricated railing products. Our TimberTech brand also sells a pre-panelized version of the Ultralox railing kit branded as Impression Rail Express. 
 To complement our railing products, we offer an array of functional and decorative accessories, including drink railings, mounting posts, under-rail lights and lighted island caps and gate kits. Our decking, railing and related accessory products are frequently used in combination in order to enable consumers to create their own highly customized outdoor living spaces. 
 Trim and Moulding 
 We are the leading designer and manufacturer of PVC trim and moulding products for the Outdoor Living market. We operate two large PVC trim manufacturing plants and offer a diverse portfolio of PVC trim and moulding products through our AZEK Exteriors and VERSATEX brands. Our trim and moulding products are aesthetically similar to wood and can be easily milled, routed or shaped for use in almost any application. Our products are moisture- and insect-resistant and are more durable and require less maintenance than traditional wood products. Contractors and homeowners can use our products in conventional applications, to express their creativity through unique home exteriors, and to complement our decking and railing products. For example, two-story decks are often paired with column wraps, canvas porch ceilings and other trim and moulding accents. Our trim and moulding products are also increasingly utilized within the home, including as wainscot trim or as shiplap, which originated to protect the exteriors of homes in harsh climates, but is now a popular way to create unique interior spaces. Our products are also used by mill shops and OEM fabricators, who rely on our products due to their consistent formulation, dimensional accuracy and precision and high machinability, to manufacture a wide range of other Outdoor Living products such as pergolas, arbors and flowerbeds. 
 7 
 
 Our full line of AZEK Exteriors and VERSATEX products includes trim and moulding , fabricated products, paintable trim and specialty solutions: 

Boards and Sheets 

Time-Saving Products 

Aesthetic Details 

Paintable Trim 

Boards Manufactured with sealed edges and shipped with a protective film, our trim board is highly versatile and can be milled, routed, or heat formed to be used in many different applications. 
 Sheet Our sheets provide a clean backdrop over an expansive area and can be used for large scale fabrication such as pergolas and arbors. 
 Skirt Boards Designed to provide moisture resistance at ground contact and help direct water away from the structure. These products are easy to install with fiber cement, vinyl, or wood siding. 

Column Wraps Our column wraps are offered in multiple styles and can quickly and easily improve the aesthetics of a standard wood post with minimal labor. 
 Corner Boards Our one-piece corner boards are easy to install, feature smooth, outside edges and are aesthetically superior to two-piece corners, which can gather dirt along their edges. 
 J-Channel and Stealth Products Designed to complement siding and for easy installation around windows and corners. 

Mouldings Used to enable customizations, cover transitions or provide crisp, architectural style elements to home exteriors. 
 Tongue & Groove Profiles Easily add the classic style of beadboard, nickel gap, and shiplap in horizontal or vertical orientation to complement housing exteriors. 
 Canvas Designed to add contrast to porch ceilings and interior trim projects, these products deliver the look of rich hardwoods without knots or labor intensive staining requirements. 
 TimberTech AZEK Cladding Combines premium natural hardwood aesthetics and the durability of advanced polymer technology for use as a cladding rain screen for premium curb appeal. 
 Shingle Siding The most authentic looking shingle siding, with variable-width tabs and keyways, made with our moisture resistant advanced polymer in a panel format, making it easy for contractors to install. 

PaintPro Innovative cellular PVC trim that has the same high- performance and low-maintenance benefits of traditional AZEK trim, but can be painted any color. PaintPro trim offers quick drying times with no priming needed and superior paint adhesion. 

In addition to the products described above, we offer custom milled solutions for builders and a number of accessories such as fastening systems, adhesives, sealants and bonding solutions. 
 Commercial Segment 
 Leveraging our shared U.S.-based manufacturing platform and material technology, we bring low-maintenance products with superior aesthetics to a variety of commercial and industrial markets. Our Residential and Commercial segments operate synergistically, primarily through our ability to utilize new materials, technologies and products developed by one segment across an array of manufacturing processes and products in our other segment. Our Commercial segment includes our Vycom and Scranton Products product lines. Vycom manufactures a comprehensive line of highly engineered polymer materials designed to offer sustainable, low-maintenance and long-lasting solutions for applications for a variety of commercial and industrial markets, including the markets for outdoor living, graphic displays and signage, recreation and playground equipment and the food processing, marine and chemical industries. Scranton Products manufactures sustainable, low-maintenance privacy and storage solutions primarily for schools, stadium arenas and recreational and commercial facilities. Within our Commercial segment, demand for our products is driven by commercial construction activity, material conversion and favorable secular trends such as an increased emphasis on privacy. In fiscal year 2021, our Commercial segment generated net sales of 134.8 million, which represented approximately 11 of our total net sales. 
 Vycom 
 Vycom manufactures a comprehensive line of highly engineered polymer materials designed to replace wood, metal and other traditional materials in a variety of applications. Vycom s products are used in a broad range of commercial end markets, are durable, strong and lightweight and can be ordered in a wide range of sizes, thicknesses and colors. These products provide superior 
 8 
 
 performance compared to traditional materials and are resistant to corrosive chemicals, scratches, flames, odors, moisture, bacteria, rotting, delaminating, chipping and swelling. Vycom s products are also easier to fabricate, decorate, laminate, weld, machine or form than many traditional materials, which makes them attractive to original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, that have specialized requirements for fabrication, physical properties or chemical resistance. Vycom s highly engineered solutions are often developed in consultation with OEMs and, as a result, in certain cases are specified into OEM products and applications. 
 Scranton Products 
 Scranton Products provides low-maintenance bathroom partitions, shower and dressing stalls, lockers and other storage solutions. We market our partitions under the Aria, Eclipse and Hiny Hiders brands and our lockers under the TuffTec and Duralife brands. Our primary customers are schools, parks, recreational facilities, stadium arenas, industrial plants and retail and commercial facilities, and we continue to expand rapidly into the commercial repair and remodel market primarily through sales of our high-privacy bathroom partitions. Products sold by Scranton Products are designed to replace traditional materials such as metal, wood and baked enamel with more durable, long-lasting, low-maintenance and more aesthetically pleasing materials. These products are highly resistant to rust, dents, scratches and graffiti and are easily cleaned. We offer an extensive array of attractive colors, textures and finishes that replicate more traditional materials. As compared to metal and wood alternatives, our partitions and locker products sell at premium prices but deliver significantly reduced life-cycle costs through increased durability and lower maintenance expenses. In fiscal year 2021, approximately half of Scranton Products net sales were attributable to the education market. We expect to continue experiencing significant growth in Scranton Products sales in the commercial markets, which we believe is driven primarily by an increased focus on bathroom privacy considerations, design and aesthetics. 
 Product Research and Development 
 Over the past 30 years, we have built an R&D organization with significant expertise in material science and production process technologies. We leverage our R&D and U.S.-based manufacturing capabilities to deliver innovative new products to market that address evolving customer needs. We have made substantial investments in our R&D organization, which, as of September 30, 2021, consisted of over 30 team members, including approximately 20 engineers. We are committed to continuing to invest in our R&D capabilities to further strengthen our ability to regularly introduce new products that set us apart from our competition and accelerate future growth. 
 Our product managers and marketing team actively analyze proprietary consumer research and work with architects, contractors and consumers to identify and develop new products that incorporate consumer feedback, expand our portfolio and extend the range of style and design options we offer. Our R&D team then designs, prototypes and tests these new products prior to full scale production. Our rigorous R&D process incorporates in-house analytical capabilities and comprehensive product testing with more than 260 distinct tests, such as accelerated weathering. 
 We believe our focus on innovation allows us to bring on-trend products to market rapidly. For example, we were able to leverage our proprietary color pigmentation technology to adapt quickly to lighter color decking trends and introduce our whitewashed cedar products. Similarly, in response to popular flooring trends, our technological and material science expertise enables us to manufacture wide-width and multi-width decking products that we believe will help accelerate conversion from wood decking products. Finally, in fiscal year 2021, we were able to successfully introduce an engineered decking product that mimics the appearance of reclaimed wood, providing homeowners with a rustic aesthetic but without the hassle of maintaining dilapidated wood. Our ability to innovate has also helped us introduce opening price point products such as TimberTech EDGE. In our Commercial segment, the introduction of our Aria partitions responds to demand for increased privacy and the introduction of our TimberLine products addresses the adjacent market demand for beautiful, low-maintenance engineered products with a wood-like look in outdoor furniture, cabinetry and other applications. 
 We currently have a broad portfolio of ongoing development projects across our core product categories as well as certain adjacent products and markets. We continue to leverage our acquisition of Ultralox to develop additional aluminum and steel railing products. In addition, we are constantly evaluating opportunities to use our technological and U.S.-based manufacturing capabilities to expand into new markets where we believe there is an opportunity to drive material conversion or otherwise broaden our market reach. 
 Distribution 
 Within our Residential segment, we sell our products through a network of more than 4,200 professional dealers and thousands of home improvement retail outlets, including both stocking and special order locations. These outlets are served by more than 35 distributors with over 150 branch locations, enabling us to effectively serve contractors and customers throughout the United States and Canada. Within our Commercial segment, we sell our products through a widespread distribution network, as well as directly to OEMs. Our products are generally sold through both one-step and two-step distribution channels. Our distribution network has broad geographic coverage and benefits from the logistics capabilities of our distributors as well as the ability of our distributors and dealers to help generate demand for our products through direct sales, merchandising and marketing. In fiscal year 2021, approximately 99 of our gross sales came from the United States and Canada. Our distributors in locations outside of the United States and Canada are 
 9 
 
 responsible for marketing and selling our products in other countries to which our products are exported. We are continually evaluating our distribution strategy to ensure that we can meet the demands of our consumers in the most effective ways. 
 Residential Segment 
 We distribute the majority of our Residential segment products through more than 35 distributors, who in turn sell our products to dealers. Our distributors also maintain an inventory of our products and support our dealers by managing shipping logistics. We have exclusive relationships with our distributors for decking and trim with respect to specified geographies, and, although some legacy distributors are permitted to carry only certain of our products, many of our distributors are required to carry a comprehensive selection of our TimberTech and AZEK products. Our top ten distributors for the year ended September 30, 2021, accounted for a majority of our total net sales during that period. 
 Through our distributors, our products are sold to more than 4,200 professional dealers and lumber yards. Additionally, we have special order and stocking relationships with certain home improvement retailers with thousands of locations across the United States and Canada. We attempt to drive sales to our dealers and retailers through digital tools and extensive marketing directed at consumers who can help create pull-through demand for our products among influencers and decision makers such as architects, builders and contractors. Our dealers typically exhibit high brand loyalty and are incentivized to consolidate the manufacturers from which they purchase to maximize early buy discounts and annual volume rebates. 
 Contractors purchase our products through dealers and retailers. We believe contractors are typically loyal to brands and products they trust because they are a direct point of contact for consumers and are most likely to receive feedback and feel responsible for product performance. We consider the needs of and feedback from contractors in designing and manufacturing new products, and we invest in strengthening our relationships with these contractors as we believe they significantly influence decisions regarding material and brand selection for the types of products we produce. 
 We allocate significant sales force resources to support our dealers, and we believe our strong relationships with dealers and contractors are driven by the trust and reliability that we have generated through product innovation, superior quality and performance and the continuing support that we offer. Such support includes specialized training opportunities such as AZEK University and sales support initiatives such as digital lead generation, joint marketing funds, new sample kits, display kiosks, enhanced product literature, print, TV and radio advertising and social media initiatives. AZEK University provides training for contractors and customers installing and using TimberTech and AZEK Exteriors products. We have invested and upgraded our AZEK University programming to include virtual trainings and on-demand digital tools that have enabled us to reach a larger audience in an efficient manner. Additionally, our AZEK Pro Rewards program leverages our new website and digital capabilities to share curated digital leads with our contractors. 
 Parksite Inc., who distributes our Residential segment products, accounted for approximately 23 of our net sales for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 Commercial Segment 
 Our Vycom products are primarily sold through approximately 125 engineered product distributors across the United States, Canada and Latin America, who in turn sell full sheet and/or fabricated products that have been converted into a wide variety of components or items for various industrial uses primarily to OEMs. We also sell certain Vycom products directly to OEMs. 
 Our Scranton Products bathroom partition and locker systems are sold through a network of approximately 850 dealers who sell to industrial and commercial customers across the United States and in Canada. We market the benefits of our bathroom partition and locker systems directly to architects and facilities managers, who frequently specify products by name and material in their designs. 
 Operations and Manufacturing 
 We are a vertically-integrated, U.S-based manufacturer, delivering superior quality products with a competitive cost position. Our competitive cost position, including our relatively low transportation costs resulting from us being a U.S.-based manufacturer, provides us with a competitive freight advantage relative to imported products, and this was particularly true in fiscal year 2021 due to the unprecedented supply chain and logistical disruptions that, while also affecting us, heavily impacted cost and availability of imported goods. Our versatile, process-oriented manufacturing operations are built on a foundation of extensive material development and processing capabilities. Approximately 90 of our gross sales are attributable to products that are manufactured through an extrusion process that contains a blend of virgin polymers and recycled materials. Our proprietary production technologies, material blending proficiency and range of extrusion capabilities enable innovation and facilitate expansion into new markets. We have deep experience working with multiple technologies that enable us to provide some of the industry s most attractive visuals through advanced streaking and multi-color technologies. Our manufacturing footprint includes nine facilities across six geographic locations totaling approximately 2.4 million square feet, and we have made significant investments in people, processes and systems to increase our manufacturing scale and productivity. We are in the process of expanding our manufacturing operations with the addition of a manufacturing facility in Boise, Idaho, and we expect that facility to begin production in fiscal year 2022. We expanded our vertical manufacturing capabilities our acquisition of PVC recycling operation Return Polymers in early 2020, which complements our 
 10 
 
 polyethylene recycling facility that we added in 2018 . In addition, we are implementing a multi-year capital investment program to increase capacity and further support our future growth. 
 In line with our core values of being better today than yesterday and leading through innovation , we use our continuous improvement program known as the AZEK Integrated Management System to manage and monitor operations, and we also utilize Lean Six Sigma tools and techniques at all our manufacturing facilities to reduce material waste and improve manufacturing efficiency. We have integrated manufacturing operations and differentiated technical expertise in utilizing recycled materials to develop sustainable, cutting-edge products. Sustainability is one of our core strategic pillars, and we are committed to introducing sustainable products that utilize recycled materials, reduce deforestation and are versatile and recyclable at the end of their useful lives. We are dedicated to expanding our recycling capability and investing in the use of reclaimed materials in our manufacturing processes. 
 Facilities Overview 
 We are headquartered in Chicago, Illinois and operate nine manufacturing and recycling facilities in the United States, including our new manufacturing facility in Boise, Idaho that we expect to begin operations in fiscal year 2022. In alignment with our sustainability values, our Chicago corporate office is located in a 2019 LEED-Certified building. Currently, we produce our AZEK, Scranton and Vycom products primarily at our manufacturing facilities in Scranton, Pennsylvania, our TimberTech products primarily at our manufacturing facilities in Scranton, Pennsylvania and Wilmington, Ohio, all of our VERSATEX trim products at our manufacturing facility in Aliquippa, Pennsylvania and all of our ULTRALOX railing products through our manufacturing facility in Eagan, Minnesota. In 2019, we opened our state-of-the-art polyethylene recycling facility in Wilmington, Ohio. The acquisition of Return Polymers in 2020 enhanced our PVC recycling capabilities and is located in Ashland, Ohio. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Residential Segment 
 Our Residential segment sales organization is organized under our AZEK, TimberTech, VERSATEX and ULTRALOX product lines and is composed of a general sales organization, which is primarily geographically based, and also includes specialty sales organizations who focus on exterior trim, railing, retail and key accounts. Our sales organization is primarily focused on generating downstream demand with contractors, architects and builders as well as maintaining relationships with and educating influencers. We believe we can continue to leverage our downstream investments to accelerate material conversion in our markets, strengthen our position in the pro channel and enhance our retail presence. 
 We maintain a national sales organization that works with builders and supports certain national or large regional dealers with multiple locations and/or buying groups to provide a single point of contact and more effectively serve these customers. Our national sales organization is focused on increased penetration into these accounts by working with corporate decision makers and with buyers at the local level. We have also enhanced our retail-focused sales team, who is focused on supporting individual retail locations, training pro desk associates within retail locations and facilitating deliveries for special orders placed at home improvement retailers. 
 In 2019, we unified our decking and railing product portfolio under our leading TimberTech brand with a differentiated Go Against the Grain marketing campaign. TimberTech has strong market awareness, and unifying our decking and railing products under the TimberTech brand allows us to highlight product differentiation, while maintaining brand identity across multiple price points. In 2020, we debuted our new Better Tech, Better Deck marketing campaign which emphasizes the technological superiority and design versatility of TimberTech s product portfolio and is meant to inspire homeowners looking to build, renovate and remodel their outdoor living spaces. Following the repositioning of our decking product lines under the TimberTech brand, we are focused on leveraging the AZEK brand as our exteriors brand due to the significant brand recognition for AZEK trim and moulding products. 
 We maintain comprehensive marketing campaigns using various media in support of our brands, targeted towards our growing dealer base, as well as architects, builders, remodelers, contractors and consumers. We continue to invest in our marketing organization and alongside our channel partners to increase consumer awareness and preference for our products. Our focused digital strategy, enhanced media presence and differentiated marketing campaigns drive increased engagement with consumers as well as key influencers such as architects, builders and contractors. Our new digital platform facilitates the consumer journey from inspiration and design through installation. The experience educates consumers on the features and benefits of our products versus traditional materials, utilizes digital visualization tools to allow consumers to re-imagine their outdoor living spaces and directly connects them to a pre-qualified local contractor. We enjoy strong preference for our products among contractors, who typically purchase our products at dealers, and we are investing in order to increase our presence within retailers as the majority of consumers include visits to home improvement retailers in their research of decking products. These consumer engagement strategies are focused on creating additional pull-through demand and accelerating our growth. In addition, we have augmented our advertising efforts by developing instructive, educational and visually appealing product displays, marketing tools and sample kits to market our products. We have also invested in digital, print, TV and radio advertising and display kiosks which enhance our dealers and home improvement retailers ability to exhibit and promote our products. 
 11 
 
 We also provide frequent demonstrations, education, product training and other sales support and loyalty initiatives to help drive awareness of and demand for our products. In 2010, we established AZEK University to educate dealers, contractors, architects and builders on our product offering and value proposition through training that includes classroom tutorials, hands-on sessions and plant tours. In addition, through our AZEK Pro Rewards program, we seek to secure preferred brand status with contractors by providing contractors with marketing tools, leads and various other rewards in connection with increased purchases of our products. We believe these efforts increase our market position because many buying decisions involve input from both the contractor and consumer, with consumers frequently relying on contractor recommendations. 
 Commercial Segment 
 Our Vycom sales organization focuses on providing engineered polymer solutions for a wide variety of Industries, including the graphic displays and signage, semiconductor, marine, chemical and corrosion, recreation and playground and food processing markets. Our Vycom products are sold to plastics distributors in the United States, Canada and Latin America, who sell primarily to OEMs, and in certain cases are sold directly to OEMs. The Vycom sales force is made up of a combination of direct territory managers and manufacturing representatives focused on increasing market penetration by working with printers, fabricators, OEMs and end-users to generate demand for Vycom materials. 
 As of September 30, 2021, Scranton Products utilized direct sales and regional manufacturers sales representatives to provide coverage to a network of approximately 850 dealers who sell to institutional and commercial customers across the United States and in Canada. The Scranton Products sales force and agents service architects and facility managers to create pull-through demand in traditional institutional markets, such as schools, universities and stadium arenas, and in targeted new markets, such as retail stores, commercial and professional buildings, industrial facilities and food processing plants. Our Scranton Products sales force has leveraged a leading market position, enhanced promotional materials and specialized products to develop close relationships with architects and assist them in designing products and has enhanced awareness of the benefits of our products through targeted efforts to educate architects and designers. 
 Raw Materials and Suppliers 
 The primary raw materials used in our products are various petrochemical resins, including polyethylene, polypropylene and PVC resins, reclaimed polyethylene and PVC material, waste wood fiber and aluminum. We also utilize other additives, including modifiers, titanium dioxide, or TiO2, and pigments. Our contracts with key suppliers are typically short term in nature, with terms generally ranging from one to three years. We have not entered into hedges of our raw material costs at this time, but we may choose to enter into such hedges in the future, and our supply contracts with our major vendors do not contain obligations to sell raw materials to us at a fixed price. Prices for spot market purchases are negotiated on a continuous basis in line with current market prices. Other than short term supply contracts for resins with indexed based pricing and occasional strategic purchases of larger quantities of certain raw materials, we generally buy materials on an as-needed basis. 
 The cost of petrochemical resins used in our manufacturing processes has historically varied significantly and has been affected by changes in supply and demand and in the price of crude oil. Substantially all of our resins are purchased under supply contracts that average approximately one to two years, for which pricing is variable based on an industry benchmark price index. The resin supply contracts are negotiated annually and generally provide that we are obligated to purchase a minimum amount of resins from each supplier. In addition, the price of reclaimed polyethylene material, waste wood fiber, aluminum, other additives (including modifiers, TiO2 and pigments) and other raw materials fluctuates depending on, among other things, overall market supply and demand and general economic conditions. We seek to mitigate the effects of fluctuations in our raw material costs by broadening our supplier base, increasing our use of recycled material, increasing our use of scrap and reducing waste and exploring options for material substitution without sacrificing quality. For example, between fiscal year 2017 and fiscal year 2021, we have invested nearly 69.5 million to enhance our recycling capabilities and have increased our use of regrind, through the collection and reprocessing of scrap generated in our manufacturing processes. 
 Although we do not rely on any single supplier for the majority of our raw materials, we do obtain certain raw materials from single or a limited number of suppliers. In particular, we rely on a single supplier for certain critical capped compounds used in our decking and railing products. If one or more suppliers were unable to satisfy our requirements for particular raw materials, we could experience a disruption to our operations as alternative suppliers are identified and qualified and new supply arrangements are entered into. 
 Competition 
 We compete with multiple companies, including divisions or subsidiaries of larger companies and foreign competitors. We compete on the basis of a number of considerations, including service, quality, performance, product characteristics, brand recognition and loyalty, marketing, product development, sales and distribution and price. We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors. 
 12 
 
 Residential Segment 
 Our residential products compete primarily with products made from wood, aluminum and engineered wood that our products are designed to replace. We also compete with other manufacturers of engineered products designed to replace wood and other traditional materials, including Trex Company Inc., Fiberon, LLC, a subsidiary of Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc., Deckorators, a subsidiary of UFP Industries, Inc., Oldcastle Architectural, Inc., Royal Group, Inc., Kleer Lumber LLC and CertainTeed Corporation. 
 Commercial Segment 
 Our Vycom products compete in a highly fragmented market. Manufacturers generally focus on a few core materials sold to narrow sub-segments through a specialized distribution network. Competitors for other non-fabricated products include other national and regional manufacturers like Mitsubishi Chemical Advanced Materials (formerly Quadrant EPP), Rochling Engineering Plastics, 3A Composites USA Inc., Simona AG and Kommerling Plastics USA. 
 The bathroom partition and locker market is also highly fragmented and is addressed by manufacturers producing products in a variety of different materials and at varying price ranges. Scranton Products primary plastic bath and locker competitors are Global Partitions Corp. (d/b/a ASI Global Partitions), Hadrian Manufacturing Inc. and Bradley Corporation. 
 Seasonality 
 Although we generally experience demand for our products throughout the year, our sales have historically experienced some seasonality. We have typically experienced moderately higher levels of sales of our residential products in the second fiscal quarter of the year as a result of our early buy sales and extended payment terms typically available during the second fiscal quarter of the year. As a result of these extended payment terms, our accounts receivable have typically reached seasonal peaks at the end of the second fiscal quarter of the year, and our net cash provided by operating activities has typically been lower in the second fiscal quarter relative to other quarters. In addition, our sales are affected by the individual decisions of distributors and dealers on the levels of inventory they carry, their views on product demand, their financial condition and the manner in which they choose to manage inventory risk. Our sales are also generally impacted by the number of days in a quarter or a year that contractors and other professionals are able to install our products. This can vary dramatically based on, among other things, weather events such as rain, snow and extreme temperatures. We have generally experienced lower levels of sales of our residential products in the first fiscal quarter due to adverse weather conditions in certain markets, which typically reduces the construction and renovation activity during the winter season. In addition, we have experienced higher levels of sales of bathroom partition products and our locker products during the second half of our fiscal year, which includes the summer months during which schools are typically closed and are more likely to undergo remodel activities. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We rely on trademark and service mark protection to protect our brands, and we have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks and service marks. In particular, we believe the AZEK and AZEK Exteriors brands, the TimberTech brand and the VERSATEX brand are significant to the success of our business. We also rely on a combination of unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets, and to a lesser extent, patents to preserve our position in the market. As of September 30, 2021, we had approximately 350 trademark registrations and 146 issued patents and pending patent applications in the United States and other countries. As of September 30, 2021, we had approximately 104 issued U.S. patents and 7 U.S. patent applications pending. We also had approximately 26 issued foreign patents and 9 foreign patent applications pending. As we develop technologies and processes that we believe are innovative, we intend to continually assess the patentability of new intellectual property. In addition, we employ various other methods, including confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements with third parties and employees who have access to trade secrets, to protect our trade secrets and know-how. Our intellectual property rights may be challenged by third parties and may not be effective in excluding competitors from using the same or similar technologies, brands or works. 
 Employees and Human Capital 
 We are focused on human capital objectives and are committed to social responsibility within our workforce and our community. We have evaluated and adopted certain human capital and human rights management policies to further our commitment to social responsibility. Our culture is driven by a shared passion for our values, mission and performance. It is an inclusive culture of innovative, growth-minded individuals driven by our value to always do the right thing and committed to continuous improvement and solving problems for our customers and partners. 
 The members of our management team and our board of directors come from diverse backgrounds, and we are focused on hiring and retaining diverse and highly talented employees and empowering them to create value. In our employee selection process and the operation of our business, we adhere to equal employment opportunity policies and encourage the participation of our employees in training programs that will enhance their effectiveness in the performance of their duties. Our Chief Executive Officer periodically 
 13 
 
 leads employee meetings intended to provide updates on the business and promote our values, including around sustainability and diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives . 
 We measure our ability to achieve our human capital objectives by regularly conducting small employee focus groups that are led by our CEO and annually conducting employee engagement surveys. The results of these focus groups and surveys allow us to identify areas of strength and opportunities for improvement to ensure continued satisfaction and retention of our employees. We provide attractive benefits that promote the health of our employees and their families and design compelling job opportunities, aligned with our values and mission, in an energizing work environment. We compensate our employees according to our fair remuneration policies and believe deeply in paying for performance. Therefore, employees generally receive a portion of their compensation in the form of stock grants tied to performance. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had 2,072 full-time employees. Our workforce is not unionized, and we are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements. We believe we have satisfactory relations with our employees. 
 Environmental Laws and Regulations Health and Safety 
 Our operations and properties are subject to extensive and frequently changing federal, state and local environmental protection laws, regulations and ordinances. These laws, regulations and ordinances, among other matters, govern activities and operations that may have adverse environmental effects, such as discharges to air, soil and water, and establish standards for the handling of hazardous and toxic substances and the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. We are also subject to permitting requirements under environmental, health and safety laws and regulations applicable in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Those requirements obligate us to obtain permits from one or more governmental agencies in order to conduct our operations. We believe we comply in all material respects with environmental laws and regulations and possess the permits required to operate our manufacturing and other facilities. Our environmental compliance costs in the future will depend, in part, on the nature and extent of our manufacturing activities, regulatory developments and future requirements that cannot presently be predicted. 
 We are also subject to workplace safety regulation by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration and state and local regulators. Our health and safety policies and practices include an employee training and competency development program to regularly train, verify and encourage compliance with health and safety procedures and regulations. 

14 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks and uncertainties, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or this Annual Report, including our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report, before making an investment decision. In addition to the risks relating to the COVID-19 pandemic that are specifically described in these Risk Factors, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may also have the effect of significantly heightening many of the other risks associated with our business, including the other risks described in this Annual Report. The occurrence of any of the following risks, or additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In such case, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 The risks described below include, but are not limited to, the following: 

the fact that the COVID-19 public health pandemic is adversely affecting, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, certain aspects of our business 

demand for our products is significantly influenced by general economic conditions and trends in consumer spending on outdoor living and home exteriors, and adverse trends in, among other things, the health of the economy, repair and remodel and new construction activity, industrial production and institutional funding constraints 

risks related to shortages in supply, price increases or deviations in the quality of raw materials 

we compete against other manufacturers of (i) engineered and composite products and (ii) products made from wood, metal and other traditional materials 

the seasonal nature of certain of our products and the impact that changes in weather conditions and product mix may have on our sales 

our ability to develop new and improved products and effectively manage the introduction of new products 

our ability to effectively manage changes in our manufacturing process resulting from the growth and expansion of our business and operations, including with respect to new manufacturing facilities, cost savings and integration initiatives and the introduction of new products 

risks related to our ability to accurately predict demand for our products and risks related to our ability to maintain our relationships with key distributors or other customers 

our ability to retain management 

risks related to acquisitions or joint ventures we may pursue 

our ability to maintain product quality and product performance at an acceptable cost, and potential exposures resulting from our product warranties 

our ability to ensure that our products comply with local building codes and ordinances 

our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls and produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations 

our ability to protect our intellectual property rights 

risk of disruption or failure of our information technology systems or failure to successfully implement new technology effectively 

cybersecurity risks and risks arising from new regulations governing information security and privacy 

risks associated with our indebtedness and debt service. 

our reliance on dividends, distributions and other payments from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations 

the continuing influence on our company, including the right to designate individuals to be included in the slate of nominees for election to our board of directors, by our Sponsors, whose interests may conflict with our interests and those of other stockholders and 

certain provisions in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws that may delay or prevent a change of control. 

 15 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry 
 The COVID-19 public health pandemic is adversely affecting, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, certain aspects of our business. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted consumer spending and global supply chains, and created significant volatility in and disruption of financial markets. These issues have impacted, and we expect they will continue to impact, our operations, and the nature, extent and duration of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future disease or adverse health condition is highly uncertain and beyond our control. 
 The impacts of the pandemic on our business include the following, without limitation: 

We have been and will likely continue to be impacted by global supply chain disruptions caused directly or indirectly by the COVID-19 pandemic such supply chain disruptions have resulted in and will likely continue to result in delays in shipments of our products to our customers as well as of our raw materials and have resulted in increases in our raw material and freight costs. 

We may experience disruptions to our business if we experience an outbreak of COVID-19 in one or more of our facilities, the impact of which may be exacerbated by vaccination rates at certain of our facilities if an outbreak were particularly widespread, our operations could be disrupted to varying degrees, up to and including a shutdown of the impacted facility. 

We may experience reductions in demand for our products if consumers spend less time at and money on their homes as the pandemic subsides, we may also experience reductions in demand for our products to the extent the pandemic continues to have a negative impact on the economy in general, and our and third- parties' estimates of future market growth may prove inaccurate. 

We may be exposed to increased cybersecurity risks as a result of increases in the number of employees we have working remotely. 

We also face the possibility of increased overhead or other expenses, including difficulties associated with hiring additional employees or replacing employees, resulting from compliance with any future government orders or other measures enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including the proposed federal requirement that employers with more than one hundred employees mandate vaccinations or regular COVID-19 testing among their employee base. 

 Our management of the impact of COVID-19 has required, and will likely continue to require, a significant investment of time by our management and employees as well as other resources and could cause us to divert or delay the application of our resources toward new initiatives, including the development of new products, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations in future periods. Our ability to maintain operations at or near the levels of operations experienced before the COVID-19 pandemic depends on numerous factors beyond our control, including, among other things: (1) the duration of, any revisions in, and the possible reimposition of governmental quarantine, shelter-in-place or similar social distancing orders or guidelines (2) the occurrence and magnitude of future outbreaks in the population generally or where our manufacturing facilities are located, including as a result of the emergence of new COVID-19 variants (3) the vaccination rates of our employees or the availability of other medical remedies and preventive measures and (4) broader economic conditions, including unemployment levels and the reaction of consumers to potentially longer-term economic uncertainty, which may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations in future periods. 
 Although we have implemented measures to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on us, these measures may not be fully successful. In addition, while governmental and other measures have been relaxed in the United States since the onset of the pandemic, we cannot predict the degree to, or the period over, which we will be affected by the pandemic and such measures, including any impact of such measures being reimposed, whether as a result of increased prevalence of COVID-19 variants or otherwise. 
 Demand for our products is significantly influenced by general economic conditions and trends in consumer spending on outdoor living and home exteriors, and adverse trends in, among other things, the health of the economy, repair and remodel and new construction activity, industrial production, consumer confidence and discretionary spending and institutional funding constraints could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Demand for our products is significantly influenced by a number of economic factors affecting our customers, including distributors, dealers, contractors, architects, builders, homeowners and institutional and commercial consumers. Demand for our products depends on the level of residential and commercial improvement and renovation and new construction activity, and, in particular, the amount of spending on outdoor living spaces and home exteriors. Home and commercial renovation and improvement and new construction activity are affected by, among other things, interest rates, consumer confidence and spending habits, 
 16 
 
 demographic trends, housing affordability levels, unemployment rates, institutional funding constraints, industrial production levels, tariffs, actual inflation levels and uncertainty with respect to future inflation levels and general economic conditions. 
 For example, in our Residential segment, sales of our products depend primarily on the level of repair and remodel activity and, to a lesser extent, new construction activity. Accordingly, increases in interest rates or the reduced availability of financing can reduce the level of home improvement and new construction activity and the demand for our products. In addition, the residential repair and remodel market depends in part on home equity financing, and accordingly, the level of equity in homes will affect consumers' ability to obtain a home equity line of credit and engage in renovations that would result in purchases of our products. Accordingly, a weakness in home prices may result in a decreased demand for our residential products. Further, interest rates remain at historically low levels. We cannot be sure that interest rates will continue to remain favorable for prospective and current homeowners or, even if interest rates remain favorable, that such homeowners will continue to purchase or remodel their homes at current or historical levels. 
 Many of our residential products are impacted by consumer demand for, and spending on, outdoor living spaces and home exteriors. For example, sales of our decking and railing products depend on lifestyle and architectural trends and the extent to which consumers prioritize spending to enhance outdoor living spaces for their homes. While we believe consumer preferences have increased spending on outdoor living and home exteriors in recent years, the level of spending could decrease in the future. Decreased spending on outdoor living spaces and home exteriors generally or as a percentage of home improvement activity may decrease demand for our decking, railing and trim products. 
 Demand for our products in our Commercial segment is affected by the level of commercial and governmental construction and renovation activity. The levels of commercial and governmental construction and renovation activity are affected by the levels of interest rates, availability of financing for commercial and industrial projects, the general business environment and the availability of governmental funding. Sales of products by our Commercial segment include sales for use in institutions, such as universities and schools, and in federal, state and local government buildings, which depend on federal, state and local funding for construction and renovation projects. Sales to institutions that depend on public funding are affected by factors that may impose constraints on funding availability for construction and renovation projects, including increased operational costs, budget cuts by federal, state and local governments, including as a result of lower than anticipated tax revenues, increased limitations on federal spending or government shutdowns. Sales to commercial establishments depend on, among other things, general levels of industrial production and business growth and the performance of the various markets in which our commercial end customers operate. 
 Adverse trends in any of the foregoing factors could reduce our sales and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such factors could also alter the balance of our Residential and Commercial sales or the balance of our product sales within either such segment. In light of differing margins, changes in the relative amount and type of residential and commercial industrial activity or the mix of products sold may have an impact on our business and cause our revenues and profitability to fluctuate from period to period. 
 Shortages and disruptions in supply, price increases or deviations in the quality of the raw materials used to manufacture our products could adversely affect our sales and operating results. 
 The primary raw materials used in our products are various petrochemical resins, including polyethylene, polypropylene and PVC resins, reclaimed polyethylene and PVC material, waste wood fiber and aluminum. We also utilize other additives including modifiers, TiO2, and pigments. Our contracts with key suppliers are typically short term in nature, with terms generally ranging from one to three years. While we do not rely on any single supplier for the majority of our raw materials, we do obtain certain raw materials from single or a limited number of suppliers. In particular, we rely on a single supplier for certain critical capped compounds used in our decking and railing products. We do not currently have arrangements in place for a redundant or second-source supply for those compounds. In addition, we have experienced disruptions and delays in our supply chain in fiscal year 2021 and may continue to experience similar or exacerbated disruptions or delays in the future. Such disruptions and delays have caused us to seek alternate suppliers for certain raw materials, and we may need to do so again in the future. Alternate suppliers may be more expensive, may encounter delays in shipments to us or may be unavailable, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In the event of an industry-wide general shortage of our raw materials, a shortage affecting or discontinuation in providing any such raw materials by one or more of our suppliers or a supplier's declaration of force majeure, we may not be able to arrange for alternative sources of such materials on a timely basis or on equally favorable terms. In recent years, we have increased the use of reclaimed polyethylene and PVC material in our products and we have also increased our production across our facilities. As we increase our use of such materials and introduce new materials into our manufacturing processes, we may be unable to obtain adequate quantities of such new raw materials in a timely manner. Any such shortage may materially adversely affect our production process as well as our competitive position as compared to companies that are able to source their raw materials more reliably or at lower cost. 
 In addition, increases in the market prices of raw materials used in the manufacture of our products could adversely affect our operating results. The cost of some of the raw materials we use in the manufacture of our products is subject to significant price volatility and other drivers often outside of our control. For example, the cost of petrochemical resins used in our manufacturing processes has historically varied significantly and has been affected by changes in supply and demand and in the price of crude oil. In 
 17 
 
 addition, during the quarter ended March 31, 2021, prices for certain of our raw material costs, including costs for resin polyethylene and PVC material, were negatively impacted by supply chain and weather-related disruptions, including as a result of Winter Storm Uri and other weather events, resulting in increased costs and disruption in supply. To the extent extreme weather events and weather-related disruptions occur in the future, particularly in the southern part of the United States where a significant portion of our raw materials are produced, we may continue to face increased and/or unpredictable costs for our raw materials. Further, in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic and vaccination or implementation of mandatory testing efforts, we could also see pressure on the price of certain of our raw material costs to the extent the government allocates certain products pursuant to the U.S. Defense Production Act in a way that affects our suppliers and impacts their ability to fulfill our orders for those raw materials, in which event such fulfillment could be delayed or the price for such products may increase. We have not entered into hedges of our raw material costs, and our supply contracts with our major vendors do not contain obligations to sell raw materials to us at a fixed price. 
 We seek to mitigate the effects of increases in raw material costs by broadening our supplier base, increasing our use of recycled material and scrap, reducing waste and exploring options for material substitution and by increasing prices, however, we may not be able to recover the increases through corresponding increases in the prices of our products or the other mitigating actions noted above. Even if we are able to implement mitigating actions and/or increase prices over time, we may not be able to take such action or increase prices as rapidly as our costs increase. If we are unable to, or experience a delay in our ability to, recover such increases in our costs, our gross profit will suffer. In addition, increases in the price of our products to compensate for increased costs of raw materials may reduce demand for our products and adversely affect our competitive position as compared to products made of other materials, such as wood and metal, that are not affected by changes in the price of resins and some of the other raw materials that we use in the manufacture of our products. 
 We are dependent upon the ability of our suppliers to consistently provide raw materials that meet our specifications, quality standards and other applicable criteria. Our suppliers' failure to provide raw materials that meet such criteria could adversely affect production schedules and our product quality, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We operate in a competitive business environment. If we are unable to compete effectively, our sales would suffer and our business, financial condition and operating results would be adversely affected. 
 We operate in a competitive business environment, and we compete with multiple companies with respect to each of our products. While we have longstanding business relationships with many of our distributors, dealers and contractors, we generally do not have long-term contracts with these customers. Accordingly, any failure to compete effectively, including as a result of the various factors described below, could cause our customers to cease purchasing our products or rapidly decrease our sales. 
 Our residential products compete primarily with wood products that comprise the majority of decking, railing, trim and related market sales. We also compete with metal products and with engineered products sold by other companies. In our Commercial segment, we compete in several highly fragmented markets. Our Vycom products compete with products sold into narrow market segments with a wide range of end uses through specialized distribution networks that vary depending on the particular end use. Products made by Scranton Products compete with bathroom partitions, lockers and storage solutions sold at a wide range of prices and manufactured using a variety of materials. 
 Our business model relies on the continued conversion in demand from traditional wood products to our engineered products, and our business could suffer if this conversion does not continue in the future. A number of suppliers of wood and wood composite decking, railing and trim products have established relationships with contractors, builders and large home improvement retailers, and, to compete successfully, we must expand and strengthen our relationships with those parties. We must also compete successfully with products from other manufacturers that offer alternatives to wood and wood composite products, including by developing competitive new products and by responding successfully to new products introduced, and pricing and other competitive actions taken, by competitors. During fiscal year 2021, we increased prices across certain products within our Residential segment. While we believe that we did not experience a decrease in demand as a result of these price increases, we cannot be sure that they will not reduce demand in the future or that any further price increases will not reduce demand. See Shortages in supply, price increases or deviations in the quality of the raw materials used to manufacture our products could adversely affect our sales and operating results. 
 Some of our competitors have financial, production, marketing and other resources that are significantly greater than ours. Consolidation by industry participants could further increase their resources and result in competitors with expanded market share, larger customer bases, greater diversified product offerings and greater technological and marketing expertise, which may allow them to compete more effectively against us. Moreover, our competitors may develop products that are superior to our products (on a price-to-value basis or otherwise) or may adapt more quickly to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. Technological advances by our competitors may lead to new manufacturing techniques and make it more difficult for us to compete. 
 18 
 
 Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate as a result of seasonality, changes in weather conditions and changes in product mix. 
 We have typically experienced moderately higher levels of sales of our residential products in the second fiscal quarter of the year as a result of our early buy sales and extended payment terms typically available during that quarter. As a result of these extended payment terms, our accounts receivable have typically reached seasonal peaks at the end of the second fiscal quarter of the year, and our net cash provided by operating activities has typically been lower in that quarter relative to other quarters. Our sales are also generally impacted by the number of days in a quarter or a year that contractors and other professionals are able to install our products. We have generally experienced lower levels of sales of residential products during the first fiscal quarter due to adverse weather conditions in certain markets, which typically reduce the construction and renovation activity during the winter season. Although our products can be installed year-round, unusually adverse weather conditions can negatively impact the timing of the sales of certain of our products, causing reduced sales and negatively impacting profitability when such conditions exist. Our residential products are generally purchased shortly before installation and used in outdoor environments. As a result, there is a correlation between the number of products we sell and weather conditions during the time they are to be installed. Adverse weather conditions, including the increased occurrence or strength of extreme weather events caused by climate change or otherwise, may interfere with ordinary construction, delay projects or lead to cessation of construction involving our products. Prolonged adverse weather conditions could significantly reduce our sales in one or more periods. These conditions may shift sales to subsequent reporting periods or decrease overall sales, given the limited outdoor construction season in many locations. In addition, we have experienced higher levels of sales of our engineered bathroom partition products and our locker products during the second half of our fiscal year, which includes the summer months during which schools are typically closed and therefore more likely to be undergoing remodel activities. These factors can cause our operating results to fluctuate on a quarterly basis. 
 Our operating results may also fluctuate due to changes in the mix of products sold. We sell products at different prices, composed of different materials and involving varying levels of manufacturing complexity. Changes in the mix of products sold from period to period may affect our average selling price, cost of sales and gross margins. 
 If we fail to develop new and improved products successfully, or if we fail to effectively manage the introduction of new products, our business will suffer. 
 Our continued success depends on our ability to predict the products that will be demanded by our customers and consumers, such as homeowners or commercial or industrial purchasers, and to continue to innovate and introduce improved products in our existing product lines and products in new product categories. We may not be successful in anticipating these needs or preferences or in developing new and improved products. If we do not respond effectively to changing market trends, demands and preferences and to actions by competitors by introducing competitive new products, our business, financial condition and results of operations would suffer. 
 Even if we do introduce new products, consumers may not choose our new products over existing products. In addition, competitors could introduce new or improved products that would replace or reduce demand for our products or develop proprietary changes in manufacturing technologies that may render our products obsolete or too expensive to compete effectively. In addition, when we introduce new products, we must effectively anticipate and manage the effect of new product introductions on sales of our existing products. If new products displace sales of existing products more broadly or rapidly than anticipated, we may have excess inventory of existing products and be required to reduce prices on existing products, which could adversely affect our results of operations. As we continue to introduce new products at varying price points to broaden our product offerings to compete with products made with wood or other traditional materials across a wide range of prices, our overall gross margins may vary from period to period as a result of changes in product mix. 
 Moreover, we may introduce new products with initially lower gross margins with the expectation that the gross margins associated with those products may improve over time as we improve our manufacturing efficiency for those products, and our results of operations would be adversely affected if we are unable to realize the anticipated improvements. 
 In the past we have devoted, and in the future we expect to continue to devote, significant resources to developing new products. However, we cannot be sure that we will successfully complete the development and testing of new products and be able to release the products when anticipated or at all. From time to time, we may make investments in the development of products we ultimately determine not to release resulting in write-downs of inventory and related assets. 
 Our business would suffer if we do not effectively manage changes in our manufacturing processes resulting from the growth and expansion of our business and operations, including with respect to new manufacturing facilities, cost-savings and integration initiatives and the introduction of new technologies and products. 
 We continually review our manufacturing operations in an effort to achieve increased manufacturing efficiencies, to integrate new technologies and to address changes in our product lines and in market demand. Periodic manufacturing integrations, realignments and cost-savings programs and other changes have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, our 
 19 
 
 operating efficiency and results of operations during the periods in which such programs are being implemented. Such programs may include the addition of manufacturing lines and the consolidation, integration and upgrading of facilities, functions, systems and procedures, including the introduction of new manufacturing technologies and product innovations. These programs involve substantial planning, often require capital investments, and may result in charges for fixed asset impairments or obsolescence and substantial severance costs. Our ability to achieve cost savings or other benefits within the time frames we anticipate is subject to many estimates and assumptions, a number of which are subject to significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties. For example, we have made substantial investments to expand our recycling capabilities and to increase the use of reclaimed materials in our manufacturing processes. While we anticipate that enhancing these capabilities will ultimately decrease our costs, the introduction of these capabilities has required significant initial investment, and we cannot be certain we will realize the benefits of this initiative when anticipated or at all. If these investments and other changes are not effectively integrated into our manufacturing processes, we may suffer from production delays, lower efficiency and manufacturing yields, increased costs and reduced net sales. 
 We also face risks in starting up new manufacturing facilities, including with respect to expanding our overall production capacity as well as moving production to such new facilities, that could increase costs, divert management attention and reduce our operating results. We are currently in the process of a multi-phase capacity expansion program and, in March 2021, we announced the opening of a new manufacturing facility to be located in Boise, Idaho. The establishment and operation of that new facility, and any capacity expansion project, involves significant risks and challenges, including, but not limited to, design and construction delays and cost overruns. There can be no assurance that our Boise facility and any other expansion project will be operational on the timeline or contribute the incremental production capacity that we anticipate, and we cannot guarantee that any such facility will operate at costs acceptable to us or that demand for our products will remain at levels high enough to meet the return on investment necessary to justify our investment in these projects. 
 We must also effectively address changes to our manufacturing operations resulting from growth of our business generally and introduction of new products. As we increase our manufacturing capacity to meet market demand or begin to manufacture new products at scale, we may face unanticipated manufacturing challenges as production volumes increase, new processes are implemented and new supplies of raw materials used in these products are secured. New products may initially be more costly and less efficient to produce than our existing products. In addition, we could experience delays in production as we increase our manufacturing capacity or begin to manufacture new products that may result in the products ordered by our customers being on back-order as initial production issues are addressed. As a result, increases in manufacturing capacity or the introduction of new products may initially be associated with lower efficiency and manufacturing yields and increased costs, including shipping costs to fill back-orders. If we experience production delays or inefficiencies, a deterioration in the quality of our products or other complications in managing changes to our manufacturing processes, including those that are designed to increase capacity, enhance efficiencies and reduce costs or that relate to new products or technologies, we may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from these actions when expected, or at all, and our operations could experience disruptions, our manufacturing efficiency could suffer and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our sales and results of operations may suffer if we do not maintain our relationships with, forecast the demand of and make timely deliveries to our key distributors or other customers. 
 Our operations depend upon our ability to maintain our strong relationships with our network of distributors and dealers. Our top ten distributors collectively accounted for a majority of our net sales for the year ended September 30, 2021. Our largest distributor, Parksite Inc., accounted for approximately 23 of our net sales for the year ended September 30, 2021. While we have long-standing business relationships with many of our key distributors and our distribution contracts generally provide for exclusive relationships with respect to certain products within certain geographies, these contracts typically permit the distributor to terminate for convenience on several months notice. The loss of, or a significant adverse change in, our relationships with one or more of our significant distributors could materially reduce our net sales. 
 Distributors and dealers that sell our products are sensitive to meeting the demands of their end customers on a timely basis. Dealers that sell our products typically place orders with our distributors that need to be filled in a short time frame, and these dealers typically do not have an exclusive relationship with us. Purchases by our distributors and dealers are affected by their individual decisions on the levels of inventory they carry, their views on product demand, their financial condition and the manner in which they choose to manage inventory risk. In addition, purchases by distributors and dealers are affected by a variety of other factors, including product pricing, increases in the number of competitive producers and the production capacity of other producers, new product introductions, changes in levels of home renovation and new construction activity, and weather-related fluctuations in demand. As a result, demand for our products can be difficult to predict. If we do not forecast and plan production effectively to manufacture sufficient products to meet demand or if we experience delays in our ability to manufacture products, dealers may seek alternative products, including those of our competitors. Failure to meet demand requirements on a timely basis may cause distributors or dealers to build up inventory as a precautionary measure, rapidly shift their product mix away from our products, harm our long-term relationships with distributors and dealers, harm our brand and reduce, or increase the variability of, our net sales. 
 We must continue to provide product offerings at price points that meet the needs of distributors and dealers and that they perceive to be competitive with the products on the market. If our key distributors or dealers are unwilling to continue to sell our 
 20 
 
 products at existing or higher levels, or if they desire to sell competing products alongside our products, our ability to maintain or increase our sales could suffer. In addition, mergers or acquisitions involving our distributors or dealers and one of our competitors, or a distributor or dealer with a relationship with one of our competitors, could decrease or eliminate purchases of our product by that distributor or dealer. If a key distributor or dealer were to terminate its relationship with us or reduce purchases of our products, we may not be able to replace that relationship with a relationship with a new distributor or dealer in a timely manner or at all. In addition, any such new relationship may take time to develop and may not be as favorable to us as the relationship it is replacing. The loss of, or a reduction in orders from, any significant distributor or dealer, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 An interruption of our production capability at one or more of our manufacturing facilities from pandemics, accident, calamity or other causes, or events affecting the global economy, could adversely affect our business. 
 We manufacture our products at a limited number of manufacturing facilities, and we generally do not have redundant production capabilities that would enable us to shift production of a particular product rapidly to another facility in the event of a loss of one of or a portion of one of our manufacturing facilities. A catastrophic loss of the use of one or more of our manufacturing facilities due to pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, accident, fire, explosion, labor issues, tornado, other weather conditions, natural disasters, condemnation, cancellation or non-renewals of leases, terrorist attacks or other acts of violence or war or otherwise could have a material adverse effect on our production capabilities. In addition, unexpected failures, including as a result of power outages or similar disruptions outside of our control, of our equipment and machinery could result in production delays or the loss of raw materials or products in the equipment or machinery at the time of such failures. Any of these events could result in substantial revenue loss and repair costs. An interruption in our production capabilities could also require us to make substantial capital expenditures to replace damaged or destroyed facilities or equipment. There are a limited number of manufacturers that make some of the equipment we use in our manufacturing facilities, and we could experience significant delay in replacing manufacturing equipment necessary to resume production. An interruption in our production capability, particularly if it is of significant duration, could result in a permanent loss of customers who decide to seek alternate products. 
 Our business operations could be adversely affected by the loss of the services from members of our senior management team and other key employees. 
 Our success depends in part on the continued contributions of our senior management and other key employees. Our senior leadership team members have extensive sales and marketing, engineering, product development, manufacturing and finance backgrounds in our industry. This experience also includes specialized knowledge and expertise relating to the manufacturing and production of composite Outdoor Living products and recycled materials, a combination which may be particularly hard to replace considering the limited number of companies that produce such products in general and particularly with the breadth of our product offerings. The loss of any member of our senior management team or other key employees in the future could significantly impede our ability to successfully implement our business strategy, financial plans, product development goals, marketing initiatives and other objectives. Should we lose the services of any member of our senior management team or key personnel, replacing such personnel could involve a prolonged search and divert management time and attention and we may not be able to locate and hire a qualified replacement. We do not carry key person insurance to mitigate the financial effect of losing the services of any member of our management team. 
 Acquisitions or joint ventures we may pursue in the future may be unsuccessful. 
 We may consider the acquisition of other manufacturers or product lines of other businesses that either complement or expand our existing business, or may enter into joint ventures. For example, we have acquired a number of companies in our recent history, including with respect to both manufacturing operations and recycling initiatives. While we believe those acquisitions were successful in improving our business, we cannot assure you that we will be able to consummate any other acquisitions or joint ventures or that any future acquisitions or joint ventures will be able to be consummated at acceptable prices and on acceptable terms. Any future acquisitions or joint ventures we pursue may involve a number of risks, including some or all of the following: 

difficulty in identifying acceptable acquisition candidates 

the inability to consummate acquisitions or joint ventures on favorable terms and to obtain adequate financing, which financing may not be available to us at times, in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all 

the diversion of management s attention from our core businesses 

the disruption of our ongoing business 

entry into markets in which we have limited or no experience 

the inability to integrate our acquisitions or enter into joint ventures without substantial costs, delays or other problems 

 21 

unexpected liabilities for which we may not be adequately indemnified 

inability to enforce indemnification and non-compete agreements 

failing to successfully incorporate acquired product lines or brands into our business 

the failure of the acquired business or joint venture to perform as well as anticipated 

the failure to realize expected synergies and cost savings 

the loss of key employees or customers of the acquired business 

increasing demands on our operational systems and the potential inability to implement adequate internal controls covering an acquired business or joint venture 

any requirement that we make divestitures of operations or property in order to comply with applicable antitrust laws 

possible adverse effects on our reported operating results, particularly during the first several reporting periods after the acquisition is completed and 

impairment of goodwill relating to an acquired business, which could reduce reported income. 

 Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 In addition, acquisitions or joint ventures could result in significant increases in our outstanding indebtedness and debt service requirements or could involve the issuance of preferred stock or common stock that would be dilutive to existing stockholders. Incurring additional debt to fund an acquisition may result in higher debt service and a requirement to comply with financial and other covenants in addition to those contained in our Senior Secured Credit Facilities, including potential restrictions on future acquisitions and distributions. Funding an acquisition with our existing cash would reduce our liquidity. The terms of our existing and future debt agreements may limit the size and/or number of acquisitions we can pursue or our ability to enter into a joint venture. 
 Our business could be adversely affected if we fail to maintain product quality and product performance at an acceptable cost or if we incur significant losses, increased costs or harm to our reputation or brand as a result of product liability claims or product recalls. 
 In order to maintain and increase our net sales and sustain profitable operations we must produce high quality products at acceptable manufacturing costs and yields. If we are unable to maintain the quality and performance of our products at acceptable costs, our brand, the market acceptance of our products and our results of operations would suffer. As we regularly modify our product lines and introduce changes to our manufacturing processes or incorporate new raw materials, we may encounter unanticipated issues with product quality or production delays. For example, we have recently introduced products that incorporate larger proportions of reclaimed raw materials, primarily reclaimed polyethylene and PVC, and we expect to further increase the proportions of reclaimed raw materials in our products in the future. While we engage in product testing in an effort to identify and address any product quality issues before we introduce products to market, unanticipated product quality or performance issues may be identified after a product has been introduced and sold. 
 In addition, we face the risk of exposure to product liability or other claims, including class action lawsuits, in the event our products are, or are alleged to be, defective or have resulted in harm to persons or to property. We may in the future incur significant liabilities if product liability lawsuits against us are successful. We may also have to recall and/or replace defective products, which would also result in adverse publicity and loss of sales, and would result in us incurring costs connected with the recall, which could be material. Any losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Real or perceived quality issues, including those arising in connection with product liability lawsuits, warranty claims or recalls, could also result in adverse publicity, which could harm our brand and reputation and cause our sales to decline rapidly. In addition, any such issues may be seized on by competitors in efforts to increase their market share. 
 We provide product warranties and, if our product warranty obligations were significantly in excess of our reserves, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We provide various warranties on our products, ranging from five years to lifetime warranties depending on the product and subject to various limitations. Management estimates warranty reserves, based in part upon historical warranty costs, as a proportion of sales by product line. Management also considers various relevant factors, including our stated warranty policies and procedures, as part of the evaluation of our warranty liability. Because warranty issues may surface later in the life cycle of a product, management continues to review these estimates on a regular basis and considers adjustments to these estimates based on actual experience compared to historical estimates. Estimating the required warranty reserves requires a high level of judgment, especially as many of our products are at a relatively early stage in their product life cycles, and we cannot be sure that our warranty reserves will be 
 22 
 
 adequate for all warranty claims that arise. We have recently increased our use of reclaimed materials in the manufacturing of our products. While we performed extensive testing in connection with the utilization of such materials, the use of reclaimed materials represents a recent and significant change in our business and the use of such materials may result in unanticipated product quality or performance issues and an increase in warranty claims for certain of our products. We have also recently introduced a new warranty that provides coverage for labor costs incurred in the replacement of products under warranty under specified circumstances. Although we have significant experience regarding warranty claims on our products generally, we do not have historical experience relating to warranty claims under the terms of this new warranty coverage. Warranty obligations in excess of our reserves could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on third parties for transportation services, and the lack of availability of and/or increases in the cost of transportation could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our business depends on the transportation of both finished goods to our distributors and other customers and the transportation of raw materials to us primarily through the use of flatbed trucks and rail transportation. We rely on third parties for transportation of these items. The availability of these transportation services is subject to various risks, including those associated with supply shortages, change in fuel prices, work stoppages, operating hazards and interstate transportation regulations. In particular, a significant portion of our finished goods are transported by flatbed trucks, which are occasionally in high demand (especially at the end of calendar quarters) and/or subject to price fluctuations based on market conditions and the price of fuel. In fiscal year 2021, we have experienced delays and challenges, including increases to freight and shipping costs and our ability to secure sufficient quantities of flatbed trucks and railcars necessary for our operations, both with respect to our procurement of raw materials and our delivery of our products, and such delays and challenges may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations to the extent such shortages in transportation services or increases in transportation costs continue or worsen. 
 If the required supply of transportation services is unavailable when needed, we may be unable to sell our products when they are requested by our customers. In that event, we may be required to reduce the price of the affected products, seek alternative and, potentially more costly, transportation services or be unable to sell the affected products. Similarly, if any of these transportation providers were unavailable to deliver raw materials to us in a timely manner, we may be unable to manufacture our products in response to customer demand. In addition, a significant increase in transportation rates or fuel surcharges could adversely affect our profitability. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Increases in labor costs, potential labor disputes and work stoppages or an inability to hire skilled manufacturing, sales and other personnel could adversely affect our business. 
 An increase in labor costs, work stoppages or disruptions at our facilities or those of our suppliers or transportation service providers, or other labor disruptions, could decrease our sales and increase our expenses. In addition, although our employees are not represented by a union, our labor force may become subject to labor union organizing efforts, which could cause us to incur additional labor costs and increase the related risks that we now face. 
 The competition for skilled manufacturing, sales and other personnel is often intense in the regions in which our manufacturing facilities are located. During 2021, the entire country experienced an overall tightening and increasingly competitive labor market. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base, caused by COVID-19, increases in the salaries and wages paid by competing employers , as a result of general macroeconomic factors or otherwise, could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased salaries and wage rates to attract and retain employees, and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing facilities and overall business. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability have unintended negative consequences, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, we are in the process of developing a new manufacturing facility in Boise, Idaho, and we will need to hire sufficient personnel to operate the facility. If we are unable to hire skilled manufacturing, sales and other personnel, our ability to execute our business plan, and our results of operations, would suffer. 
 If we are unable to collect accounts receivable from one or more of our significant distributors, dealers or other customers, our financial condition and operating results could suffer. 
 We extend credit to our distributors and, to a lesser extent, dealers and other customers, based on an evaluation of their financial condition, and we generally do not require collateral to secure these extensions of credit. The financial health of many of our customers is affected by changes in the economy and the cyclical nature of the building industry. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related economic downturn or protracted or severe economic declines and cyclical downturns from other causes in the building industry may cause our customers to be unable to satisfy their payment obligations, including their debts to us. While we maintain allowances for credit losses, these allowances may not be adequate to provide for actual losses, and our financial condition and results of operation could be materially and adversely affected if our credit losses significantly exceed our estimates. 
 23 
 
 I f we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and regulations and the listing standards of the NYSE. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we evaluate the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. While we were able to determine that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting were effective as of September 30, 2021, we anticipate that we will continue to expend resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight to continue to improve our internal control over financial reporting . 
 As discussed in Item 9A "Controls and Procedures" in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, two material weaknesses existed in our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2020. A material weakness is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We remediated these material weaknesses during fiscal year 2021. 
 If we experience additional material weaknesses or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations or prevent fraud, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our Class A common stock. Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the NYSE. 
 Subjective estimates and judgments used by management in the preparation of our financial statements, including estimates and judgments that may be required by new or changed accounting standards, may impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, including the accounting for rebates, warranties and recovery of goodwill. Due to the inherent uncertainty in making estimates, results reported in future periods may be affected by changes in estimates reflected in our financial statements for earlier periods. For example, prior to our secondary offering in September 2020, we estimated that we would recognize approximately 129.0 million to 152.0 million in stock-based compensation expense following our IPO, with approximately 25.0 million to 30.0 million of such amount recognized during fiscal year 2020. However, because of the secondary offering and the related vesting of certain equity awards, we recognized approximately 120.5 million of such stock-based compensation expense in fiscal year 2020. Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. For example, we review our goodwill and other intangibles not subject to amortization for impairment annually, or when events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit could be lower than its carrying value. Changes in economic or operating conditions impacting our estimates and assumptions could result in the impairment of our goodwill or long-lived assets, which may require us to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. From time to time, there may be changes in the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some instances, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively. If the estimates and judgments we use in preparing our financial statements are subsequently found to be incorrect or if we are required to restate prior financial statements, our financial condition or results of operations could be significantly affected. 
 The estimates and forecasts of market opportunity and market growth included in this annual report may prove to be inaccurate, and we cannot assure you our business will grow at similar rates, or at all. 
 Estimates and forecasts of market size and opportunity and of market growth are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. The estimates and forecasts in this annual report of the size of the markets that we may be able to address and the growth in these markets are subject to many assumptions and may prove to be inaccurate. Further. the COVID-19 pandemic has affected and may continue to materially affect the growth of various of the markets discussed in this annual report, and we cannot predict the extent to which those estimates will be affected. Further, we may not be able to address fully the markets that we believe we can address, and we cannot be sure that these markets will grow at historical rates or the rates we expect for the future. Even if we are able to address the markets that we believe represent our market opportunity and 
 24 
 
 even if these markets experience the growth we expect, we may not grow our business at similar rates, or at all. Our growth is subject to many factors, including our success in implementing our business strategy, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, the estimates and forecasts of market size and opportunity and of market growth included in this annual report may not be indicative of our future growth. 
 We may be subject to significant compliance costs as well as liabilities under environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including climate- and climate change-related regulations, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operations. 
 Our past and present operations, assets and products are subject to regulation by extensive environmental laws and regulations at the federal, state and local levels. These laws regulate, among other things, air emissions, the discharge or release of materials into the environment, the handling and disposal of wastes, remediation of contaminated sites, worker health and safety and the impact of products on human health and safety and the environment. Under some of these laws, liability for contaminated property may be imposed on current or former owners or operators of the property or on parties that generated or arranged for waste sent to the property for disposal. Liability under these laws may be joint and several and may be imposed without regard to fault or the legality of the activity giving rise to the contamination. Our facilities are located on sites that have been used for manufacturing activities for an extended period of time, which increases the possibility of contamination being present. Despite our compliance efforts, we may still face material liability, limitations on our operations or fines or penalties for violations of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including releases of regulated materials and contamination by us or previous occupants at our current or former properties or at offsite disposal locations we use. 
 We are also subject to permitting requirements under environmental, health and safety laws and regulations applicable in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Those requirements obligate us to obtain permits from one or more governmental agencies in order to conduct our operations. Such permits are typically issued by state agencies, but permits and approvals may also be required from federal or local governmental agencies. The requirements for such permits vary depending on the location where our regulated activities are conducted. As with all governmental permitting processes, there is a degree of uncertainty as to whether a permit will be granted, the time it will take for a permit to be issued and the conditions that may be imposed in connection with the granting of the permit. Any failure to obtain or delay in obtaining a permit required for our operations, or the imposition of onerous conditions in any such permits, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operations. 
 In addition, climate change and new or revised rules and regulations related thereto, including regulations with respect to greenhouse gas emissions, may impact our business in numerous ways. Climate change and its effects could lead to further increases in raw material prices or their reduced availability due to, for example, increased frequency of extreme weather events and any supply chain disruptions resulting therefrom, and could cause increased incidence of disruption to the production and distribution of our products and an adverse impact on consumer demand and spending. We cannot be sure that we will be able to successfully adapt our operations in response to any climate-related changes, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and any changes to them or in their enforcement, may require us to make material expenditures with respect to ongoing compliance with, or remediation under, these laws and regulations or require that we modify our products or processes in a manner that increases our costs and/or reduces our profitability. For example, additional pollution control equipment, process changes or other environmental control measures may be needed at our facilities to meet future requirements. In addition, discovery of currently unknown or unanticipated soil or groundwater contamination at our properties could result in significant liabilities and costs. Accordingly, we are unable to predict the future costs of compliance with, or liability under, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. 
 Our business operations could suffer if we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, and we may experience claims by third parties that we are violating their intellectual property rights. 
 We rely on trademark and service mark protection to protect our brands, and we have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks and service marks. In particular, we believe the AZEK and AZEK Exteriors brands, the TimberTech brand, the VERSATEX brand and the FULL-CIRCLE brand, including FULL-CIRCLE PVC Recycling, are significant to the success of our business. In the event that our trademarks or service marks are successfully challenged and we lose the rights to use those trademarks or service marks, or if we fail to prevent others from using them (or similar marks), we could be forced to rebrand our products and programs, requiring us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. In addition, we cannot be sure that any pending trademark or service mark applications will be granted or will not be challenged or opposed by third parties or that we will be able to enforce our trademark rights against counterfeiters. 
 We generally rely on a combination of unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets, and to a lesser extent, patents to preserve our position in the market. Because of the importance of our proprietary know-how and trade secrets, we employ various methods to protect our intellectual property, such as entering into confidentiality agreements with third parties, and controlling access to, and distribution of, our proprietary information. We may not be able to deter current and former employees, contractors and other 
 25 
 
 parties from breaching confidentiality obligations and misappropriating proprietary information. It is difficult for us to monitor unauthorized uses of our products and technology. Accordingly, these protections may not be adequate to prevent competitors from copying, imitating or reverse engineering our products or from developing and marketing products that are substantially equivalent to or superior to our own. 
 In addition, we have applied for patent protection relating to certain existing and proposed products, processes and services or aspects thereof. We cannot be sure that any of our pending patent applications will be granted or that any patents issued as a result of our patent applications will be of sufficient scope or strength to provide us with any meaningful protection or commercial advantage. 
 If third parties take actions that affect our rights or the value of our intellectual property or proprietary rights, or if we are unable to protect our intellectual property from infringement or misappropriation, other companies may be able to offer competitive products at lower prices, and we may not be able to effectively compete against these companies. In addition, if any third party copies or imitates our products in a manner that affects customer or consumer perception of the quality of our products, or of engineered products generally, our reputation and sales could suffer whether or not these violate our intellectual property rights . 
 In addition, we face the risk of claims that we are infringing third parties intellectual property rights. Any such claim, even if it is without merit, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could divert the time and attention of our management. An intellectual property claim against us that is successful could cause us to cease making or selling products that incorporate the disputed intellectual property, require us to redesign our products, which may not be feasible or cost effective, and require us to enter into costly royalty or licensing arrangements, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, certain material technology and know-how we use to manufacture our products is licensed to us rather than owned by us, and our license is subject to termination in the event of uncured material breach, among other reasons. 
 Any major disruption or failure of our information technology systems or our website, or our failure to successfully implement new technology effectively, could adversely affect our business and operations. 
 We rely on various information technology systems, owned by us and third parties, to manage our operations, maintain books and records, record transactions, provide information to management and prepare our financial statements. In addition, we have made a significant investment in our website which we believe is critical for lead generation and is the primary forum through which we interact with end consumers. A failure of our information technology systems or our website to operate as expected could disrupt our business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. These systems and our website are vulnerable to damage from hardware failure fire power loss data network and telecommunications failure loss or corruption of data and impacts of terrorism natural disasters or other disasters. We may not have sufficient redundant operations to cover a loss or failure in a timely manner. In addition, the operation of these systems and our website is dependent upon third party technologies, systems and services, and support by third party vendors, and we cannot be sure that these third-party systems, services and support will continue to be available to us without interruption, particularly in light of the disruptions stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic. Any damage to our information technology systems or website could cause interruptions to our operations that materially adversely affect our ability to meet customers requirements, resulting in an adverse impact to our business, financial condition and results of operations. Periodically, these systems and our website need to be expanded, updated or upgraded as our business needs change. We may not be able to successfully implement changes in our information technology systems and to our website without experiencing difficulties, which could require significant financial and human resources. 
 We face cybersecurity risks and risks arising from new regulations governing information security and privacy and may incur increasing costs in an effort to mitigate those risks. 
 The automated nature of our business and our reliance on digital technologies also makes us a target for, and potentially vulnerable to, cybersecurity attacks, computer malware, computer viruses, social engineering (including phishing and ransomware attacks), general hacking, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar disruptions. In addition, our remote working environment may exacerbate these risks. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized, improper or illegal access to our systems, or to disable or degrade service or sabotage systems, are constantly evolving, may be difficult to detect quickly, and often are not recognized until after they have been launched against a target. Attempts to gain access to our systems or facilities could occur through various means, including, among others, hacking into our or our vendors or consumers systems, or attempting to fraudulently induce our employees, partners, consumers or others into clicking on a malware link or disclosing usernames, passwords, or other sensitive information, which may in turn be used to access our information technology systems. Such efforts may be state-sponsored and supported by significant financial and technological resources, making them even more difficult to detect and prevent. We may be unable to anticipate these techniques, react in a timely manner, or implement adequate preventative or remedial measures. We are also subject to the risk that cybersecurity attacks on, or other security incidents affecting, our vendors may adversely affect our business even if an attack or breach does not directly impact our systems. Due to the evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, the scope and impact of any incident cannot be predicted. While we have implemented measures to safeguard our systems and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cybersecurity attacks or security breaches that damage or interrupt access to information systems 
 26 
 
 or networks, compromise confidential or otherwise protected information, destroy or corrupt data, or otherwise disrupt our operations which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and reputation. 
 In addition to the various information technology systems we rely on to manage our operations, maintain books and records, record transactions, provide information to management and prepare our financial statements as described above, we utilize systems and websites that allow for the secure storage and transmission of our proprietary or confidential information and proprietary or confidential information regarding our customers, employees and others, including personal information. All of these systems, including those owned and operated by third parties, are also potential targets for cybersecurity attacks. Data security breaches can occur as a result of a breach by us or our employees or by persons with whom we have commercial relationships that result in the unauthorized release of personal or confidential information. In addition to our own databases, we use third-party service providers to store, process and transmit confidential or sensitive information on our behalf. A data security breach could occur in the future either at their location or within their systems that could affect our personal or confidential information. A data security breach may expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, and could result in significant costs to us, which may include, among others, fines and penalties, costs related to remediation, potential costs and liabilities arising from governmental or third-party investigations, proceedings or litigation, diversion of management attention and harm to our reputation. Any compromise or breach of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, significant legal and financial exposure, and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and reputation. 
 The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements, which could cause us to incur substantial costs. In the United States, various laws and regulations apply to the collection, processing, disclosure and security of certain types of data, including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, the Gramm Leach Bliley Act and various state laws relating to privacy and data security, including the California Consumer Privacy Act. Federal and state regulators and many federal and state laws and regulations require notice of any data security breaches that involve personal information. These mandatory disclosures regarding a security breach are costly to implement and often lead to widespread negative publicity, which may cause consumers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures. We may incur significant costs and operational consequences in connection with investigating, mitigating, remediating, eliminating, and putting in place additional tools and devices designed to prevent future actual or perceived security incidents, as well as in connection with complying with any notification or other obligations resulting from any security incidents. 
 Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with laws, regulations, policies or regulatory guidance relating to privacy or data security may result in governmental investigations and enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity, and could cause our customers and consumers to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. While we maintain insurance to mitigate our exposure to these risks, our insurance policies carry retention and coverage limits, which may not be adequate to reimburse us for losses caused by security breaches or other cybersecurity events, and we may not be able to collect fully, if at all, under these insurance policies. 
 Changes to legislative and regulatory policies related to home ownership may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our markets are affected by legislative and regulatory policies that promote or do not promote home ownership, such as U.S. federal and state legislative and regulatory policies enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic that provided various measures of relief for homeowners, primarily in the form of mortgage payment forbearance for homeowners with federally-backed mortgages, temporary moratoria on foreclosures and evictions that have lapsed but may be reinstated in the future, and rental assistance. It remains uncertain whether or to what extent such relief measures could protect homeowners, including as a result of their expiration and non-renewal or their or similar measures being renewed, and what impact they will continue to have on the U.S. real estate market and the U.S. and global economies generally, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected as a result. Future changes to laws or policies relating to these or similar matters could reduce demand for our products and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Many of our products must comply with local building codes and ordinances and failure of our products to comply with such codes and ordinances may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Many of our products must comply with local building codes and ordinances. These codes and ordinances are subject to future government review and interpretation. If our products fail to comply with such local building codes or ordinances, our ability to market and sell such products would be impaired. Also, should these codes and ordinances be amended or expanded, or should new laws and regulations be enacted, we could incur additional costs or become subject to requirements or restrictions that require us to modify our products or adversely affect our ability to market and sell our products. Furthermore, failure of our products to comply with such codes or ordinances could subject us to negative publicity or damage our reputation. 
 27 
 
 In fiscal year 2021, we experienced an ownership change for purposes of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which will limit the amount of our net operating loss carryforwards that we may use to reduce our tax liability in a given period. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, of 53.5 million. These NOLs may be used to offset future taxable income and thereby reduce our U.S. federal income taxes otherwise payable. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, imposes an annual limit on the ability of a corporation that undergoes an ownership change to use its NOLs to reduce its tax liability. Because of sales of our Class A common stock by certain of our stockholders during fiscal year 2021 and our resulting ownership change for purposes of Section 382 of the Code, we will not be able to use our pre-ownership change NOLs in excess of the limitation imposed by Section 382 of the Code for each annual period. While our NOLs will be subject to an annual limitation as a result of this ownership change, and although we cannot be certain, we expect that our ability to use the NOLs over time will not be materially affected by such limitation. 
 Our insurance coverage may be inadequate to protect against the potential hazards incident to our business. 
 We maintain property, business interruption, product liability and casualty insurance coverage, but such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential claims, including losses resulting from interruptions in our production capability or product liability claims relating to the products we manufacture. Consistent with market conditions in the insurance industry, premiums and deductibles for some of our insurance policies have been increasing, sometimes substantially, and may, in the future, increase further. In some instances, some types of insurance may become available only for reduced amounts of coverage, if at all. In addition, our insurers could deny coverage for claims. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured or that our insurers disputed, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 We are in the early stages of implementing strategic initiatives related to the use of recycled materials. If we fail to implement these initiatives as expected, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our future financial performance depends in part on our management s ability to successfully implement our strategic initiatives related to developing our recycling capabilities and other cost savings measures, with an aim to reduce our material costs, improve net manufacturing productivity and enhance our business operations. We are still in the early stages of material substitution across our manufacturing network and realizing the benefits of our investments in recycling. To achieve such benefits, we must recycle materials on a cost-effective basis and efficiently convert these materials into high-quality finished goods. This strategy involves significant risks, including the risk that our profitability may be materially diminished. In particular, the variability of our raw material sources can result in considerable reduction in our operating rates and yields, which may more than offset any savings we realize from the low purchase price of the materials. Our plants must convert our raw materials at high rates and net yields to generate the profit margins and cash flows necessary to achieve sustainable returns, and we may not produce a sustainable return on investment. 
 Changes in trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs, could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The previous U.S. administration enacted major changes to certain trade policies, such as the imposition of tariffs on imported products and the withdrawal from or renegotiation of certain trade agreements, including the North American Free Trade Agreement. For example, the United States has increased tariffs on certain imports from China, as well as on steel and aluminum products imported from various countries. The current U.S. administration has signaled continued support for various of those trade policies, including tariffs on certain imports from China. We procure certain of the raw materials we use in the manufacturing of our products directly or indirectly from outside of the United States. The imposition and continuation of tariffs and other potential changes in U.S. trade policy could increase the cost or limit the availability of raw materials, which could hurt our competitive position and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness 
 Our indebtedness could materially adversely affect our financial condition. 
 As of September 30, 2021, our total indebtedness was 467.7 million under our first lien credit facility, or the Term Loan Agreement, and, as described below, we may incur more debt. Our indebtedness could have important consequences to the holders of our Class A common stock, including the following: 

making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to other debt we may incur 

limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements 

 28 

requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows to debt service payments instead of other purposes, thereby reducing the amount of cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes 

increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions 

exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement and our revolving credit agreement, or the Revolving Credit Facility, and, together, with the Term Loan Agreement, the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, are at variable rates of interest 

limiting our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in the industry in which we compete 

placing us at a disadvantage compared to other, less leveraged competitors and 

increasing our cost of borrowing. 

 In addition, the credit agreements that govern the Senior Secured Credit Facilities contain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all our debt. 
 The Term Loan Agreement will mature on May 5, 2024, and the Revolving Credit Facility will mature on March 31, 2026. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before the maturity thereof. We may not be able to obtain such financing on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Failure to refinance our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. We cannot be sure that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operating activities, or that future borrowings will be available, to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. The credit agreements that govern the Senior Secured Credit Facilities restrict our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from those dispositions and may also restrict our ability to raise debt or equity capital to be used to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due. 
 Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we cannot make scheduled payments on our debt, we will be in default, and the lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities could terminate their commitments to loan money, the lenders could foreclose against the assets securing their borrowings and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantially more debt. This could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition described herein. 
 We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. Although the credit agreements that govern the Senior Secured Credit Facilities contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. These restrictions also will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness. As of September 30, 2021, we had commitments available for borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility of up to 150.0 million. We also have the option to increase the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility by up to 100.0 million, subject to certain conditions. 
 Because our borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility depends, in part, on inventory, accounts receivable and other assets that fluctuate from time to time, the amount of commitments may not reflect actual borrowing capacity. In addition, the Term Loan Agreement provides for additional uncommitted incremental term loans of up to 150.0 million, with additional 
 29 
 
 incremental term loans available if certain leverage ratios are maintained. All of those borrowings would be secured by first-priority liens on our property. 
 The terms of the credit agreements that govern the Senior Secured Credit Facilities may restrict our current and future operations, including our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
 The credit agreements that govern the Senior Secured Credit Facilities contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interest. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Indebtedness. The restrictive covenants under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities include restrictions on our ability to: 

incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness 

pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem our capital stock 

prepay, redeem or repurchase junior debt 

issue certain preferred stock or similar equity securities 

make loans and investments 

sell assets or property, except in certain circumstances 

incur liens 

enter into transactions with affiliates 

modify or waive certain material agreements in a manner that is adverse in any material respect to the lenders 

enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends and 

make fundamental changes in our business, corporate structure or capital structure, including, among other things, entering into mergers, acquisitions, consolidations and other business combinations or selling all or substantially all of our assets. 

 As a result of these restrictions, we may be: 

limited in how we conduct our business 

unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns or 

unable to grow in accordance with our strategy, compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. 

 A breach of the covenants or restrictions under the credit agreements that govern the Senior Secured Credit Facilities could result in a default or an event of default. Such a default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. In addition, an event of default under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities would permit the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under such facility. Furthermore, if we were unable to repay the amounts due and payable under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, those lenders under each facility could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. In the event our lenders were to accelerate the repayment of our indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. In exacerbated or prolonged circumstances, one or more of these events could result in our bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 We rely on available borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility for cash to operate our business, and the availability of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility may be subject to significant fluctuation. 
 In addition to cash we generate from our business, our principal existing source of cash is borrowings available under the Revolving Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2021, we had commitments available to be borrowed under the Revolving Credit Facility of up to 150.0 million. We also have the option to increase the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility by up to 100.0 million, subject to certain conditions. There are limitations on our ability to incur the full 150.0 million of existing commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility. Availability will be limited to the lesser of a borrowing base and 150.0 million. The borrowing base is calculated on a monthly (or more frequent under certain circumstances) valuation of our inventory, accounts receivable and certain cash balances. As a result, our access to credit under the Revolving Credit Facility is potentially subject to significant fluctuation, depending on the value of the borrowing base-eligible assets as of any measurement date. Any inability to borrow under the Revolving Credit Facility may adversely affect our liquidity, financial position and results of operations. 
 30 
 
 Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 Borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates were to increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease. Based on amounts outstanding as of September 30, 2021, each 100 basis point change in interest rates would result in a 4.7 million change in annual interest expense on our indebtedness under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. We do not currently hedge the risk of changes in the interest rate under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. In the future, we may enter into interest rate swaps that involve the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments or other instruments in order to reduce interest rate volatility. However, even if we do enter into interest rate swaps, we may not maintain interest rate swaps with respect to all of our variable rate indebtedness, and any swaps or other instruments we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. 
 Uncertainty relating to the LIBOR calculation process and potential phasing out of LIBOR in the future may adversely affect our financing costs. 
 Currently, the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Agreement utilize the London Interbank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, or various alternative methods set forth in the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Agreement to calculate interest on any borrowings. National and international regulators and law enforcement agencies have conducted investigations into a number of rates or indices known as reference rates. Actions by such regulators and law enforcement agencies may result in changes to the manner in which certain reference rates are determined, their discontinuance or the establishment of alternative reference rates. In particular, on July 27, 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, or the FCA, which regulates LIBOR, announced that the FCA will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. On November 30, 2020, the ICE Benchmark Administration, or the IBA, the administrator of LIBOR, with the support of the United States Federal Reserve and the FCA, announced plans to consult on ceasing publication of LIBOR on December 31, 2021, for only the one-week and two-month LIBOR tenors, and on June 30, 2023, for all other LIBOR tenors. The U.S. Federal Reserve concurrently issued a statement advising banks to stop new LIBOR issuances by the end of 2021. On March 5, 2021, the IBA Benchmark Administration confirmed its intention to cease publication of (i) one week and two month USD LIBOR settings after December 31, 2021 and (ii) the remaining USD LIBOR settings after June 30, 2023. In accordance with recommendations from the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, USD LIBOR is expected to be replaced with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the SOFR, a new index calculated on a daily basis by reference to short-term repurchase agreements for U.S. Treasury securities. Although there have been certain issuances utilizing SOFR or the Sterling Over Night Index Average, an alternative reference rate that is based on transactions, it is unknown whether SOFR or any other alternative reference rates will attain market acceptance as replacements for LIBOR. 
 At this time, it is not possible to predict the effect that these developments, any discontinuance, modification or other reforms to LIBOR or any other reference rate, or the establishment of alternative reference rates may have on LIBOR, other benchmarks or LIBOR-based debt instruments. The Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Agreement include provisions intended to provide for the replacement of LIBOR with SOFR or another widely-accepted alternative benchmark rate upon the cessation of LIBOR, with corresponding adjustments to the applicable interest rate margins. However, uncertainty as to the nature of such potential discontinuance, modification, alternative reference rates, adjustments or other reforms could cause the interest rate calculated for the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Agreement to be materially different than expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our financing costs. In addition, there is no guarantee that a transition from LIBOR to an alternative will not result in financial market disruptions, significant increases in benchmark rates, or borrowing costs to borrowers, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile or may decline steeply or suddenly regardless of our operating performance, and we may not be able to meet investor or analyst expectations. You may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid and may lose all or part of your investment. 
 If you purchase shares of Class A common stock, you may not be able to resell those shares at or above the price you paid. The market price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate or decline significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on us and the national and global economies 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our revenues or other operating results 

variations between our actual operating results and the expectations of securities analysts, investors and the financial community 

 31 

any forward-looking financial or operating information we may provide to the public or securities analysts, any changes in this information or our failure to meet expectations based on this information 

actions of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow us or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors 

additional shares of Class A common stock being sold into the market by us or our stockholders, or the anticipation of such sales 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant products or features, innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, capital commitments, divestitures or other dispositions 

loss of relationships with significant distributors, dealers or other customers 

changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of companies in our industry, including our competitors 

increases in interest rates or changes in tax laws that make it more costly for consumers to finance home renovation or purchases 

difficulties in integrating any new acquisitions we may make 

loss of services from members of management or employees or difficulty in recruiting additional employees 

worsening of economic conditions in the United States and reduction in demand for our products 

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of general economic trends 

an active trading market in our Class A common stock not being maintained or our failure to satisfy the continued listing standards of the NYSE 

future issuances of our Class A common stock or other equity securities 

lawsuits threatened or filed against us, or events that negatively impact our reputation and 

developments in new legislation and pending lawsuits or regulatory actions, including interim or final rulings by judicial or regulatory bodies. 

 In addition, extreme price and volume fluctuations in the stock markets have affected and continue to affect the stock prices of many companies. Often, their stock prices have fluctuated in ways unrelated or disproportionate to their operating performance. In the past, stockholders have filed securities class action litigation against companies following periods of market volatility. Such securities litigation, if instituted against us, could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business and seriously harm our business. 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could depress the trading price of our Class A common stock by acting to discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management that our stockholders may deem advantageous. In particular, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws: 

establish a classified board of directors so that not all members are elected at one time, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors 

permit our board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies (including vacancies resulting from an expansion in the size of our board of directors), except in the case of the vacancy of a Sponsor-designated director (in which case the Sponsor that designated the director will be able to fill the vacancy) 

establish limitations on the removal of directors 

authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our board of directors could use to implement a stockholder rights plan 

provide that our board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws 

restrict the forum for certain litigation against us to Delaware 

provide that stockholders may not act by written consent following the time when the Sponsors collectively cease to beneficially own at least a majority of the shares of our outstanding common stock, which time we refer to as the Trigger Date, which would require stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders 

 32 

prohibit stockholders from calling special meetings following the Trigger Date, which would delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including with respect to the removal of directors and 

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, generally a person, individually or together with any other interested stockholder, who owns or within the last three years has owned 15 of our voting stock, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. We have elected to opt out of Section 203 of the DGCL. However, our certificate of incorporation contains a provision that is of similar effect, except that it exempts from its scope the Sponsors, any of their affiliates and certain of their respective direct or indirect transferees. 
 Any provision of our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of Class A common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock. 
 Our certificate of incorporation contains a provision renouncing our interest and expectancy in certain corporate opportunities. 
 Under our certificate of incorporation, neither of the Sponsors nor any of their respective portfolio companies, funds or other affiliates, nor any of their officers, directors, employees, agents, stockholders, members or partners currently have or will have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities, similar business activities, or lines of business in which we operate. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no officer or director of ours who is also an officer, director, employee, agent, stockholder, member, partner or affiliate of either of the Sponsors is or will be liable to us or our stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty by reason of the fact that any such individual directs a corporate opportunity to a Sponsor, instead of to us, or does not communicate information regarding a corporate opportunity to us that the officer, director, employee, agent, stockholder, member, partner or affiliate has directed to such Sponsor. For example, a director of our company who also serves as an officer, director, employee, agent, stockholder, member, partner or affiliate of one of the Sponsors, or any of their respective portfolio companies, funds, or other affiliates may pursue certain acquisitions or other opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, such acquisition or other opportunities may not be available to us. These potential conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects if attractive corporate opportunities are allocated by either of the Sponsors to itself or themselves or their respective portfolio companies, funds or other affiliates instead of to us. 
 We are a holding company and rely on dividends, distributions, and other payments, advances and transfers of funds from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations. 
 We are a holding company that does not conduct any business operations of our own. As a result, we are largely dependent upon cash distributions and other transfers from our direct and indirect subsidiaries to meet our obligations. The agreements governing the indebtedness of our subsidiaries impose restrictions on our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends or other distributions to us. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity Outlook Holding Company Status. Each of our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity, and under certain circumstances legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from them and we may be limited in our ability to cause any future joint ventures to distribute their earnings to us. The deterioration of the earnings from, or other available assets of, our subsidiaries for any reason could impair their ability to make distributions to us. 
 The Sponsors interests may conflict with our interests and the interests of other stockholders. 
 An entity affiliated with Ares Management Corporation, or Ares, and Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board, or OTPP, and together, the Sponsors, beneficially own a significant portion, but less than a majority, of our outstanding common stock. Pursuant to the stockholders agreement, or the Stockholders Agreement, entered into by us and the Sponsors prior to the IPO, for so long as the Sponsors collectively own less than 50 of the outstanding shares of our common stock, the Sponsors will have the right to designate that number of individuals to be included in the slate of nominees for election to our board of directors (rounded up to the nearest whole number or, if such rounding would cause the Sponsors to have the right to elect a majority of our board of directors, rounded to the nearest whole number) that is the same percentage of the total number of directors comprising our board as the collective percentage of common stock owned by the Sponsors, subject to certain exceptions. Because our board of directors is divided into three staggered classes, the Sponsors may be able to influence or control our affairs and policies during the period in which the Sponsors nominees finish their terms as members of our board, but in any event no longer than would be permitted under applicable law and the NYSE listing requirements, even though they no longer own a majority of our outstanding Class A common stock. 
 33 
 
 The interests of the Sponsors and their affiliates, including funds affiliated with the Sponsors, could conflict with or differ from our interests or the interests of our other stockholders. For example, the concentration of ownership held by the Sponsors could delay, defer or prevent a change in control of our company or impede a merger, takeover or other business combination that may otherwise be favorable for us. Additionally, the Sponsors and their affiliates are in the business of making investments in companies and may, from time to time, acquire and hold interests in or provide advice to businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us, or are suppliers or customers of ours. Any such investment may increase the potential for the conflicts of interest discussed in this risk factor. So long as the Sponsors continue to directly or indirectly own a significant amount of our equity, the Sponsors will continue to be able to substantially influence or effectively control our ability to enter into corporate transactions. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 We own manufacturing properties throughout the United States. We also lease certain properties from third parties. We are headquartered in Chicago, Illinois and operate nine manufacturing and recycling facilities in the United States. In alignment with our sustainability values, our Chicago corporate office is located in a 2019 LEED-Certified building. Our Residential segment products are produced primarily at our manufacturing facilities in Scranton, Pennsylvania Wilmington, Ohio Aliquippa, Pennsylvania Boise, Idaho and Eagan, Minnesota. Our Commercial segment products are produced primarily at our manufacturing facilities in Scranton, Pennsylvania. 
 The following table provides details of our properties as of September 30, 2021: 

Owned 

Leased 

Location 

Square Feet 

Square Feet 

Scranton, PA 

617,760 

286,458 

Wilmington, OH 

500,000 

100,000 

Jeffersonville, OH 

202,567 

Aliquippa, PA 

134,153 

48,000 

Ashland, OH 

97,650 

Eagan, MN 

134,203 

Chicago, IL 

20,981 

Boise, ID 

355,426 

We are implementing a multi-year 230 million capital investment program to support our future growth. As a part of that program and to address increased demand, we plan to add a new manufacturing facility. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations and businesses that cover a wide range of matters, including, among others, contract and employment claims, personal injury claims, product liability claims and warranty claims. Currently, there are no claims or proceedings against us that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, the results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty and, regardless of the outcome, we may incur significant costs and experience a diversion of management resources as a result of litigation. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 34 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our Class A common stock has been listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AZEK since June 12, 2020. Prior to that date, there was no public market for our Class A common stock. No established public trading market exists for our Class B common stock. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of October 29, 2021, there were approximately 49 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock, although we believe there is a significantly larger number of beneficial owners whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees, and one holder of record of our Class B common stock. 
 Dividends 
 We did not pay any dividends on our common stock during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. We currently intend to retain earnings to finance the growth and development of our business, and we do not expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our financial condition, results of operations, capital expenditure requirements, contractual restrictions, provisions of applicable law and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return on our Class A common stock since it began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on June 12, 2020 with the cumulative total return of the Russell 3000 Index and the S&P Composite 1500 Building Products Index. The graph assumes, in each case, an initial investment of 100 on June 12, 2020, based on the market price at the end of each month through and including September 30, 2021, and that all dividends paid by companies included in these indices have been reinvested. We did not pay any dividends during the period reflected in the graph. 

35 

June 12, 
 2020 

June 30, 
 2020 

September 30, 
 2020 

December 31, 
 2020 

March 31, 
 2021 

June 30, 
 2021 

September 30, 
 2021 

The AZEK Company Inc. 

100.00 

117.35 

128.21 

141.62 

154.88 

156.39 

135.76 

Russel 3000 Index 

100.00 

102.16 

111.12 

111.51 

125.38 

130.46 

125.65 

S&P Composite 1500 Building Products Index 

100.00 

103.85 

125.90 

142.65 

167.72 

181.14 

174.68 

The comparisons shown in the graph above are based on historical data, and are not indicative of, and are not intended to forecast, the potential future performance of our Class A common stock. The performance graph and other information furnished under this Part II Item 5 of this Annual Report shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of The AZEK Company Inc. under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing, unless we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 No disclosure required by Item 301 of Regulation S-K as in effect on the date of this Annual Report. 

36 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with other sections of this Annual Report, including Item 1. Business, and our audited Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes for the three years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report, including statements regarding future operations are forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward looking statements may be identified by words such as believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, could, would, expect, objective, plan, potential, seek, grow, target, if, or the negative of these terms and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. In particular, statements about potential new products and product innovation, statements regarding the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, statements about the markets in which we operate and the economy more generally, including growth of our various markets and growth in the use of engineered products as well as our ability to share in such growth, statements about our ability to source our raw materials in line with our expectations, future pricing for our products or our raw materials and our ability to successfully manage market risk and control or reduce costs, statements with respect to our ability to meet future goals and targets, including our environmental, social and governance targets, and our expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, prospects, assumptions or future events or performance contained in the Annual Report are forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in the section titled Risk Factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report and in our other SEC filings. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Annual Report may not occur and actual results may differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. You should read this Annual Report with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report. While we believe that such information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, such information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements. 
 Overview 
 We are an industry-leading designer and manufacturer of beautiful, low-maintenance and environmentally sustainable products focused on the highly attractive, fast-growing Outdoor Living market. Homeowners are continuing to invest in their outdoor spaces and are increasingly recognizing the significant advantages of long-lasting products, which are converting demand away from traditional materials, particularly wood. Our products transform those outdoor spaces by combining highly appealing aesthetics with significantly lower maintenance costs compared to traditional materials. Our innovative portfolio of Outdoor Living products, including decking, railing, trim, siding, cladding and accessories, inspires consumers to design outdoor spaces tailored to their unique lifestyle needs. In addition to our leading suite of Outdoor Living products, we sell a broad range of highly engineered products that are sold in commercial markets, including partitions, lockers and storage solutions. One of our core values is to always do the right thing . We make decisions according to what is right, not what is the cheapest, fastest or easiest, and we strive to always operate with integrity, transparency and the customer in mind. In furtherance of that value, we are focused on sustainability across our operations and have adopted strategies to enable us to meet the growing demand for environmentally-friendly products. Our businesses leverage a shared technology and U.S.-based manufacturing platform to create products that convert demand from traditional materials to those that are long lasting and low-maintenance, fulfilling our brand commitment to deliver products that are Beautifully Engineered to Last . 
 We report our results in two segments: Residential and Commercial. In our Residential segment, our primary consumer brands, TimberTech and AZEK, are recognized by contractors and consumers for their premium aesthetics, uncompromising quality and performance, and diversity of style and design options. In our Commercial segment, we manufacture engineered sheet products and high-quality bathroom partitions and lockers. Over our history we have developed a reputation as a leading innovator in our markets by leveraging our differentiated manufacturing capabilities, material science expertise and product management proficiency to consistently introduce new products into the market. This long-standing commitment has been critical to our ability to stay at the 
 37 
 
 forefront of evolving industry trends and consumer demands, which in turn has allowed us to become a market leader across our core product categories. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report have been derived from our accounts and those of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. Our Consolidated Financial Statements are based on a fiscal year ending September 30. 
 In January 2020, we acquired Return Polymers, Inc. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with this acquisition were included in our consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2020 and in our consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) and statement of cash flow beginning from the effective date of the acquisition in January 2020. The results of operations of Return Polymers are included in our Residential segment. 
 Initial Public Offering 
 On June 16, 2020, we completed our IPO of our Class A common stock, in which we sold 38,237,500 shares, including 4,987,500 shares pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option. The shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on June 12, 2020 under the symbol AZEK . The shares were sold at an IPO price of 23.00 per share for net proceeds to us of approximately 819.7 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 50.6 million and offering expenses of approximately 9.2 million payable by us. In addition, we used the net proceeds to redeem 350.0 million in aggregate principal of our then-outstanding 2025 Senior Notes, 70.0 million of our then-outstanding principal amount under the Revolving Credit Facility and effected a 337.7 million prepayment of our then-outstanding principal amount under the Term Loan Agreement. 
 Secondary Offerings 
 On September 15, 2020, we completed an offering of 28,750,000 shares of Class A common stock, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to 3,750,000 additional shares of Class A common stock, at a public offering price of 33.25 per share. All of the shares were sold by certain of our stockholders, or the Selling Stockholders. We did not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the shares by the Selling Stockholders. The offering expenses of approximately 1.4 million is payable by us and recorded in Other general expenses within the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). Immediately subsequent to the closing of the secondary offering, our sole stockholder of our Class B common stock converted 33,068,863 shares of its Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock. 
 On January 26, 2021, we completed an offering of 23,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.001 per share, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional shares of Class A common stock, at a public offering price of 40.00 per share. The shares were sold by certain of the Selling Stockholders. We did not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the shares by those Selling Stockholders. In connection with the offering we incurred approximately 1.2 million in expenses. 
 On June 1, 2021, we completed an offering of 17,250,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.001 per share, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to 2,250,000 additional shares of Class A common stock, at a public offering price of 43.50 per share. The shares were sold by certain of the Selling Stockholders. We did not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the shares by those Selling Stockholders. In connection with the offering we incurred approximately 1.1 million in expenses. 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations 
 Our results of operations and financial condition are affected by the following factors, which reflect our operating philosophy and continued focus on driving material conversion to our low-maintenance, engineered products in each of our markets. 
 Volume of Products Sold 
 Our net sales depend primarily on the volume of products we sell during any given period, and volume is affected by the following items: 

Economic conditions: Demand for our products is significantly affected by a number of economic factors impacting our customers and consumers. For example, demand for products sold by our Residential segment is driven primarily by home repair and remodeling activity and, to a lesser extent, new home construction activity. The residential repair and remodeling market depends in part on home equity financing, and accordingly, the level of equity in homes will affect consumers ability to obtain a home equity line of credit and engage in renovations that would result in purchases of our 

 38 

products. Demand for our products is also affected by the level of interest rates and the availability of credit, consumer confidence and spending, housing affordability, demographic trends, employment levels and other macroeconomic factors that may influence the extent to which consumers engage in repair and remodeling projects to enhance the outdoor living spaces of their homes. Sales by our Commercial segment in the institutional construction market are affected by amounts available for expenditures in school construction, military bases and other public institutions, which depend in part on the availability of government funding and budgetary priorities. Sales of our engineered polymer materials in our industrial OEM markets are also affected by macroeconomic factors, in particular gross domestic product levels and levels of industrial production. Changes in these economic conditions can impact the volume of our products sold during any given period. 

Material conversion: We have continued to increase sales of our products through our focused efforts to drive material conversion and market penetration of our products. We believe that there is a long-term trend toward material conversion from traditional materials, such as wood, to the low-maintenance, engineered materials we produce. We believe that our products offer a compelling value proposition due to their enhanced durability and lower maintenance costs compared to products manufactured from traditional materials, and we anticipate that sales of our products will continue to benefit from material conversion. The success of our efforts to drive conversion during any given period will impact the volume of our products sold during that period. 

Product innovation: We continue to develop and introduce innovative products to accelerate material conversion and expand our markets. We believe that new products will enhance our ability to compete with traditional materials at a variety of price points, and we expect to continue to devote significant resources to developing innovative new products. The volume of our products sold during a given period will depend in part on our successfully introducing new products that generate additional demand as well as the extent to which new products may impact our sales of existing products. 

Marketing and distribution: Demand for our products is influenced by our efforts to expand and enhance awareness of our premium brands and the benefits of our products as well as to drive continued material conversion. Within our Residential segment, we sell our products through a national network of more than 4,200 dealers, more than 35 distributors and multiple home improvement retailers providing extensive geographic coverage enabling us to effectively serve contractors across the United States and Canada. Within our Commercial segment, we sell our products through a widespread distribution network as well as directly to OEMs. Our customer-focused sales organization generates pull-through demand for our products by driving increased downstream engagement with consumers and key influencers such as architects, builders and contractors and by focusing on strengthening our position with dealers and growing our presence in retail. Our volume of product sales in a given period will be impacted by our ability to raise awareness of our brands and products. 

 Pricing 
 In general, our pricing strategy is to price our products at a premium relative to competing materials based on the value proposition they provide, including lower maintenance and lifetime costs. Our pricing strategy differs between our two operating segments as follows: 

Residential : Prices for our residential products are typically set annually, however recent market trends have warranted repricing on a more frequent basis, taking into account current and anticipated changes in input costs, market dynamics and new product introductions by us or our competitors. 

Commercial : A number of our commercial product sales, such as those related to our partitions and lockers product lines, are customized by order, and, therefore, these products are typically priced based on the nature of the particular specifications ordered. For other commercial products, such as various Vycom product lines, we maintain standard pricing lists that we review and change periodically as the market demands. 

 Cost of Materials 
 Raw material costs, including costs of petrochemical resins, reclaimed polyethylene and PVC material, waste wood fiber and aluminum, represent a majority of our cost of sales. The cost of petrochemical resins used in our manufacturing processes has historically varied significantly and has been affected by changes in supply and demand and in the price of crude oil. In addition, the price of reclaimed polyethylene material, waste wood fiber, aluminum, other additives (including modifiers, TiO2 and pigments) and other raw materials fluctuates depending on, among other things, overall market supply and demand and general business conditions. We have long-standing relationships as well as guaranteed supply contracts with some of our key suppliers but, other than certain contracts with prices determined based on the current index price, we have no fixed-price contracts with any of our major vendors. Under our guaranteed supply contracts, the prices are either established annually based on a discount to the then-current market prices or, for purchase orders, based on market rates in effect when the orders become effective. Prices for spot market purchases are negotiated on a continuous basis in line with the market at the time. During fiscal year 2021, we experienced significant increases in 
 39 
 
 the cost of our raw materials due to factors such as global and domestic supply chain disruptions, extreme weather events, including Winter Storm Uri, and the direct and indirect effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. While we seek to mitigate the effects of increases in raw material costs by broadening our supplier base, increasing our use of recycled material and scrap, reducing waste and exploring options for material substitution without sacrificing quality, we anticipate that the increased raw material prices and shortages of raw materials that we experienced in fiscal year 2021 may continue for the foreseeable future. We have not entered into hedges with respect to our raw material costs at this time, but we may choose to enter into such hedges in the future. 
 Product Mix 
 We offer a wide variety of products across numerous product lines within our Residential and Commercial segments, and these products are sold at different prices, are composed of different materials and involve varying levels of manufacturing complexity. In any particular period, changes in the volume of particular products sold and the prices of those products relative to other products will impact our average selling price and our cost of sales. For example, the gross margins of our Residential segment significantly exceed the gross margins of our Commercial segment. In addition to the impacts attributable to product mix as between the Residential and Commercial segments, our results of operations are impacted by the relative margins associated with individual products within our Residential and Commercial segments, which vary among products. As we continue to introduce new products at varying price points to compete with products made with wood or other traditional materials across a wide range of prices, our overall gross margins may vary from period to period as a result of changes in product mix and different margins for our higher and lower price point offerings. We may choose to introduce new products with initially lower gross margins with the expectation that those margins will improve over time as we improve our manufacturing efficiency for those products. In addition, our product mix and our gross margins may be impacted by our marketing decisions in a particular period as well as the rebates and incentives that we may extend to our customers in a particular period. We also continue to seek to enhance our gross margins by improving manufacturing efficiency across our operations, including by investing in, and expanding, our recycling capabilities and implementing initiatives to more efficiently use scrap and to reduce waste. Our success in achieving margin improvements through these initiatives may vary due to changes in product mix as different products benefit to different degrees from these initiatives. 
 Seasonality 
 Although we generally have demand for our products throughout the year, our sales have historically experienced some seasonality. We have typically experienced moderately higher levels of sales of our residential products in the second fiscal quarter of the year as a result of our early buy sales and extended payment terms typically available during the second fiscal quarter of the year. As a result of these extended payment terms, our accounts receivable have typically reached seasonal peaks at the end of the second fiscal quarter of the year, and our net cash provided by operating activities has typically been lower in the second fiscal quarter relative to in other quarters. Our sales are also generally impacted by the number of days in a quarter or a year that contractors and other professionals are able to install our products. This can vary dramatically based on, among other things, weather events such as rain, snow and extreme temperatures. We have generally experienced lower levels of sales of our residential products in the first fiscal quarter due to adverse weather conditions in certain markets, which typically reduce the construction and renovation activity during the winter season. In addition, we have experienced higher levels of sales of our bathroom partition products and our locker products during the second half of our fiscal year, which includes the summer months when schools are typically closed and therefore are more likely to undergo remodel activities. 
 COVID-19 
 Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have been focused on protecting our employees health and safety, meeting our customers needs as they navigate an uncertain financial and operating environment, working closely with our suppliers to protect our ongoing business operations and rapidly adjusting our short-, medium- and long-term operational plans to proactively and effectively respond to the current and potential future public health crises. While the COVID-19 pandemic and its direct and indirect effects present very serious concerns for our business and operations, our employees and their families, our customers and our suppliers, we believe that we have adapted and continue to adapt well to the wide ranging changes that the global economy continues to undergo, and we remain confident that we will continue to maintain business continuity, produce and sell our products safely and in compliance with applicable laws and governmental orders and mandates, maintain our robust and flexible supply chains and be in a strong position to maintain financial flexibility even in the event of a potentially extended economic downturn. This discussion and analysis includes periods prior to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Although we have implemented measures to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition and results of operations, we expect that these measures may not fully mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot predict the degree to, or the period over, which we will be affected by the pandemic and resulting governmental and other measures. We expect that the direct and indirect economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic will likely continue to affect demand for our products in the foreseeable future. As the COVID-19 pandemic 
 40 
 
 continues, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the risks described in Risk Factors in this Annual Report. See Risk Factors for a further discussion of the adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. 
 Acquisitions 
 Throughout our history, we have made selected acquisitions, and we expect to continue to strategically pursue acquisitions to enhance our market position, supplement our product and technology portfolios and increase the diversity of our business. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following tables summarize certain financial information relating to our operating results that have been derived from our audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

Years Ended September 30, 

2021 2020 Variance 

2020 2019 Variance 

(U.S. dollars in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Variance 

Variance 

Variance 

Variance 

Net sales 

1,178,974 

899,259 

794,203 

279,715 

31.1 

105,056 

13.2 

Cost of sales 

789,023 

603,209 

541,006 

185,814 

30.8 

62,203 

11.5 

Gross profit 

389,951 

296,050 

253,197 

93,901 

31.7 

42,853 

16.9 

Selling, general and 
 administrative expenses 

244,205 

308,275 

183,572 

(64,070 

(20.8 

124,703 

67.9 

Other general expenses 

2,592 

8,616 

9,076 

(6,024 

(69.9 

(460 

(5.1 

Loss on disposal of property, 
 plant and equipment 

1,025 

904 

1,495 

121 

13.4 

(591 

(39.5 

Operating income (loss) 

142,129 

(21,745 

59,054 

163,874 

N/M 

(80,799 

(136.8 

Interest expense, net 

20,311 

71,179 

83,205 

(50,868 

(71.5 

(12,026 

(14.5 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

37,587 

(37,587 

N/M 

37,587 

N/M 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

28,668 

(8,278 

(3,955 

36,946 

N/M 

(4,323 

109.3 

Net income (loss) 

93,150 

(122,233 

(20,196 

215,383 

N/M 

(102,037 

N/M 

N/M indicates the variance as a percentage is not meaningful. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021, Compared with Year Ended September 30, 2020 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales for the year ended September 30, 2021 increased by 279.7 million, or 31.1 , to 1,179.0 million from 899.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to higher sales in both our Residential and Commercial segments. Net sales for the year ended September 30, 2021 increased for our Residential segment by 35.4 and increased for our Commercial segment by 5.3 , in each case as compared to the prior year. 
 Cost of Sales 
 Cost of sales for the year ended September 30, 2021 increased by 185.8 million, or 30.8 , to 789.0 million from 603.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2020, primarily due to increased costs on higher sales volumes and higher costs of raw materials and manufacturing. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit for the year ended September 30, 2021 increased by 93.9 million, or 31.7 , to 390.0 million from 296.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. Gross margin increased to 33.1 for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to 32.9 for the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase in gross profit was driven by the strong results in the Residential and Commercial segments which include pricing and manufacturing productivity, partially offset by higher costs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 64.1 million, or 20.8 , to 244.2 million, or 20.7 of net sales, for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 308.3 million, or 34.3 of net sales, for the year ended September 30, 2020. The decrease was primarily attributable to lower stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by higher personnel costs, professional fees, marketing expenses and ongoing public company expenses. 
 41 
 
 Other General Expenses 
 Other general expenses were 2.6 million during the year ended September 30, 2021, which primarily related to our secondary offerings in January and June of 2021 and 8.6 million during the year ended September 30, 2020, which related to our initial public offering in June 2020. 
 Interest Expense, net 
 Interest expense, net, decreased by 50.9 million, or 71.5 , to 20.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 71.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. Interest expense decreased primarily due to the reduced principal amount outstanding under our Term Loan Agreement, the redemption of our 2021 Senior Notes during the year ended September 30, 2020 and lower average interest rates during the year ended September 30, 2021, when compared to the year ended September 30, 2020. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt decreased by 37.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 as a result of the extinguishment of the 2025 Senior Notes and the 2021 Senior Notes during the year ended September 30, 2020. For more information regarding the 2021 Senior Notes and the 2025 Senior Notes, see Note 7 Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 Income tax expense increased by 36.9 million to 28.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to an income tax benefit of 8.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase in our income tax expense was primarily driven by our pre-tax operating earnings. 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 Net income increased by 215.4 million to 93.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to a net loss of 122.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2020, due to the factors described above. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2020, Compared with Year Ended September 30, 2019 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales for the year ended September 30, 2020 increased by 105.1 million, or 13.2 , to 899.3 million from 794.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily attributable to higher sales in our Residential segment. Net sales for the year ended September 30, 2020 increased for our Residential segment by 17.7 and decreased for our Commercial segment by 7.7 , in each case as compared to the prior year. 
 Cost of Sales 
 Cost of sales for the year ended September 30, 2020 increased by 62.2 million, or 11.5 , to 603.2 million from 541.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2019 primarily due to increased costs on higher sales volumes and the impact of COVID-19 related production costs partially offset by manufacturing productivity. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit for the year ended September 30, 2020 increased by 42.9 million, or 16.9 , to 296.1 million from 253.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. Gross margin increased to 32.9 for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to 31.9 for the year ended September 30, 2019. The increase in gross profit was driven by higher Residential segment sales and manufacturing productivity, partially offset by the impact of COVID-19 related production costs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 124.7 million, or 67.9 , to 308.3 million, or 34.3 of net sales, for the year ended September 30, 2020 from 183.6 million, or 23.1 of net sales, for the year ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily attributable to 120.5 million of stock-based compensation expense related to our initial public offering and the accelerated vesting of stock-based compensation expense resulting from the secondary offering, partially offset by lower marketing and selling expenses during the initial COVID-19 disruption. 
 Other General Expenses 
 Other general expenses which were 8.6 million during the year ended September 30, 2020 and 9.1 million during the year ended September 30, 2019, resulted from the completion of our initial public offering and secondary offering. 
 42 
 
 Interest Expense, net 
 Interest expense, net, decreased by 12.0 million, or 14.5 , to 71.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 from 83.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. Interest expense decreased primarily due to the reduced principal amount outstanding under our Term Loan Agreement, the redemption of our 2021 Senior Notes and lower average interest rates during the year ended September 30, 2020, when compared to the year ended September 30, 2019. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt was 37.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 as a result of the extinguishment of the 2025 Senior Notes and the 2021 Senior Notes. 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 Income tax benefit increased by 4.3 million to 8.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to 4.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. The increase in our income tax benefit was primarily driven by our pre-tax net loss, offset by the non-deductible stock-based compensation expense we recognized, as a result of our initial public offering and secondary offering. 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 Net loss increased by 102.0 million to a net loss of 122.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to net loss of 20.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2019, primarily due to 120.5 million of increased selling, general and administrative expenses due to the recognition of additional stock-based compensation expense as a result of our initial public offering and secondary offering, as well as 37.6 million of expenses related to the extinguishment of debt. 
 Segment Results of Operations 
 We report our results in two segments: Residential and Commercial. The key segment measures used by our chief operating decision maker in deciding how to evaluate performance and allocate resources to each of the segments are Segment Adjusted EBITDA and Segment Adjusted EBITDA Margin. Depending on certain circumstances, Segment Adjusted EBITDA and Segment Adjusted EBITDA Margin may be calculated differently, from time to time, than our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, which are further discussed under the heading Selected Consolidated Financial Data Non-GAAP Financial Measures. Segment Adjusted EBITDA and Segment Adjusted EBITDA Margin represent measures of segment profit reported to our chief operating decision maker for the purpose of making decisions about allocating resources to a segment and assessing its performance and are determined as disclosed in our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report consistent with the requirements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board s, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, 280. We define Segment Adjusted EBITDA as a segment s net income (loss) before income tax (benefit) expense and by adding to or subtracting therefrom interest expense, net, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation costs, asset impairment and inventory revaluation costs, business transformation costs, capital structure transaction costs, acquisition costs, initial public offering costs and certain other costs. Segment Adjusted EBITDA Margin is equal to a segment s Segment Adjusted EBITDA divided by such segment s net sales. Corporate expenses, which include selling, general and administrative costs related to our corporate offices, including payroll and other professional fees, are not included in computing Segment Adjusted EBITDA. Such corporate expenses increased by 20.1 million to 59.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 39.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2020, and decreased by 2.7 million to 39.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 from 42.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. 
 Residential 
 The following table summarizes certain financial information relating to the Residential segment results that have been derived from our audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

Years Ended September 30, 

2021 2020 Variance 

2020 2019 Variance 

(U.S. dollars in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Variance 

Variance 

Variance 

Variance 

Net sales 

1,044,126 

771,167 

655,445 

272,959 

35.4 

115,722 

17.7 

Segment Adjusted EBITDA 

314,563 

238,060 

188,742 

76,503 

32.1 

49,318 

26.1 

Segment Adjusted EBITDA Margin 

30.1 

30.9 

28.8 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

43 

Net Sales 
 Net sales of the Residential segment for the year ended September 30, 2021 increased by 273.0 million, or 35.4 , to 1,044.1 million from 771.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to higher net sales related to our Deck, Rail & Accessories and Exteriors businesses. 
 Net sales of the Residential segment for the year ended September 30, 2020 increased by 115.7 million, or 17.7 , to 771.2 million from 655.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily attributable to higher sales in our Deck, Rail and Accessories and Exteriors businesses driven by continued market growth and success of new products across the portfolio, as well as the benefit from investments in downstream selling capabilities, retail expansion and pricing. 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA of the Residential segment for the year ended September 30, 2021 increased by 76.5 million, or 32.1 to 314.6 million from 238.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase was mainly driven by higher sales, pricing, manufacturing productivity, partially offset by higher raw material costs, manufacturing costs and selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA of the Residential segment for the year ended September 30, 2020 increased by 49.3 million, or 26.1 , to 238.1 million from 188.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. The increase was mainly driven by higher sales, net manufacturing productivity improvements, as well as lower selling, general and administrative expenses, partially offset by COVID-19 related production costs. 
 Commercial 
 The following table summarizes certain financial information relating to the Commercial segment results that have been derived from our audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

Years Ended September 30, 

2021 2020 Variance 

2020 2019 Variance 

(U.S. dollars in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Variance 

Variance 

Variance 

Variance 

Net sales 

134,848 

128,092 

138,758 

6,756 

5.3 

(10,666 

(7.7 

Segment Adjusted EBITDA 

19,323 

15,051 

21,493 

4,272 

28.4 

(6,442 

(30.0 

Segment Adjusted EBITDA Margin 

14.3 

11.8 

15.5 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Net Sales 
 Net sales of the Commercial segment increased by 6.8 million, or 5.3 , to 134.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 128.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to higher net sales in our Vycom business, partially offset by decreased net sales in our Scranton Products business. 
 Net sales of the Commercial segment for the year ended September 30, 2020 decreased by 10.7 million, or 7.7 , to 128.1 million from 138.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. The decrease was primarily driven by lower sales in our Vycom business, as the effects of COVID-19 impacted certain end market demands. 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA of the Commercial segment was 19.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2021, compared to 15.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase was driven by higher sales in the Vycom business, pricing and net manufacturing productivity offset by higher raw material costs. 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA of the Commercial segment was 15.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to 21.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. The decrease was primarily driven by lower sales in the Vycom business, partially offset by lower manufacturing costs and reductions in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 44 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 To supplement our Consolidated Financial Statements prepared and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP, we use certain non-GAAP performance financial measures, as described below, to provide investors with additional useful information about our financial performance, to enhance the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects and to allow for greater transparency with respect to important metrics used by our management for financial and operational decision-making. We are presenting these non-GAAP financial measures to assist investors in seeing our financial performance from management s view and because we believe they provide an additional tool for investors to use in comparing our core financial performance over multiple periods with other companies in our industry. Our GAAP financial results include significant expenses that are not indicative of our ongoing operations as detailed in the tables below. 
 However, non-GAAP financial measures have limitations in their usefulness to investors because they have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and are not prepared under any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. In addition, non-GAAP financial measures may be calculated differently from, and therefore may not be directly comparable to, similarly titled measures used by other companies. As a result, non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed as supplementing, and not as an alternative or substitute for, our Consolidated Financial Statements prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. 

Years Ended September 30, 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures: 

Adjusted Gross Profit 

457,926 

359,066 

314,858 

Adjusted Gross Profit Margin 

38.8 

39.9 

39.6 

Adjusted Net Income 

152,933 

72,632 

46,663 

Adjusted Diluted EPS 

0.98 

0.59 

0.43 

Adjusted EBITDA 

274,187 

213,513 

179,566 

Adjusted EBITDA Margin 

23.3 

23.7 

22.6 

Adjusted Gross Profit, Adjusted Gross Profit Margin, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 We define Adjusted Gross Profit as gross profit before depreciation and amortization, business transformation costs and acquisition costs as described below. Adjusted Gross Profit Margin is equal to Adjusted Gross Profit divided by net sales. We define Adjusted Net Income as net income (loss) before amortization, stock-based compensation costs, business transformation costs, acquisition costs, initial public offering costs, capital structure transaction costs and certain other costs as described below. We define Adjusted Diluted EPS as Adjusted Net Income divided by weighted average common shares outstanding diluted, to reflect the conversion or exercise, as applicable, of all outstanding shares of restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and options to purchase shares of our common stock. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest expense, net, income tax (benefit) expense and depreciation and amortization and by adding to or subtracting therefrom items of expense and income as described below. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is equal to Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales. We believe Adjusted Gross Profit, Adjusted Gross Profit Margin, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are useful to investors because they help identify underlying trends in our business that could otherwise be masked by certain expenses that can vary from company to company depending on, among other things, its financing, capital structure and the method by which its assets were acquired, and can also vary significantly from period to period. We also add back depreciation and amortization and stock-based compensation because we do not consider them indicative of our core operating performance. We believe their exclusion facilitates comparisons of our operating performance on a period-to-period basis. Therefore, we believe that showing gross profit and net income, as adjusted to remove the impact of these expenses, is helpful to investors in assessing our gross profit and net income performance in a way that is similar to the way management assesses our performance. Additionally, EBITDA and EBITDA margin are common measures of operating performance in our industry, and we believe they facilitate operating comparisons. Our management also uses Adjusted Gross Profit, Adjusted Gross Profit Margin, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin in conjunction with other GAAP financial measures for planning purposes, including as a measure of our core operating results and the effectiveness of our business strategy, and in evaluating our financial performance. Management considers Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS as useful measures because our cost of sales includes the depreciation of property, plant and equipment used in the production of products and the amortization of various intangibles related to our manufacturing processes. 
 Adjusted Gross Profit, Adjusted Gross Profit Margin, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 

These measures do not reflect our cash expenditures, future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments 

These measures do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs 

 45 

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debt 

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect our income tax expense or the cash requirements to pay our taxes 

Adjusted Gross Profit, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS and Adjusted EBITDA exclude the expense of depreciation, in the case of Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA, and amortization, in each case, of our assets, and, although these are non-cash expenses, the assets being depreciated or amortized may have to be replaced in the future 

Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS and Adjusted EBITDA exclude the expense associated with our equity compensation plan, although equity compensation has been, and will continue to be, an important part of our compensation strategy 

Adjusted Gross Profit, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS and Adjusted EBITDA exclude certain business transformation costs, acquisition costs and other costs, each of which can affect our current and future cash requirements and 

Other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted Gross Profit, Adjusted Gross Profit Margin, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 

 Because of these limitations, none of these metrics should be considered indicative of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business or as measures of cash that will be available to us to meet our obligations. 
 The following table presents reconciliations of the most comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP to these non-GAAP financial measures for the periods indicated: 
 Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Gross Profit Margin Reconciliation 

Years Ended September 30, 

(U.S. dollars in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Gross profit 

389,951 

296,050 

253,197 

Depreciation and amortization (1) 

67,903 

62,276 

56,398 

Business transformation costs (2) 

5,263 

Acquisition costs (3) 

665 

Other costs (4) 

72 

75 

Adjusted Gross Profit 

457,926 

359,066 

314,858 

Years Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Gross margin 

33.1 

32.9 

31.9 

Depreciation and amortization 

5.7 

6.9 

7.1 

Business transformation costs 

0.6 

Acquisition costs 

0.1 

Other costs 

Adjusted Gross Profit Margin 

38.8 

39.9 

39.6 

(1) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019 consists of 46.0 million, 37.6 million and 28.9 million, respectively, of depreciation and 21.9 million, 24.7 million and 27.5 million, respectively, of amortization of intangible assets, comprised of intangibles relating to our manufacturing processes. 

(2) 
 
 Business transformation costs reflect startup costs of our new recycling facility of 5.3 million for fiscal year 2019. 

(3) 
 
 Acquisition costs reflect inventory step-up adjustments related to recording the inventory of acquired businesses at fair value on the date of acquisition. 

(4) 
 
 Other costs includes impact of retroactive adoption of ASC 842 leases of 0.1 million for fiscal year 2021 and reduction in workforce costs of 0.1 million for fiscal year 2020. 

46 

Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS Reconciliation 

Years Ended September 30, 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net income (loss) 

93,150 

(122,233 

(20,196 

Amortization (1) 

49,802 

55,144 

60,226 

Stock-based compensation costs (2) 

18,746 

120,517 

3,682 

Business transformation costs (3) 

594 

16,560 

Acquisition costs (4) 

1,596 

4,110 

Initial public offering and secondary offering costs (5) 

2,592 

8,616 

9,076 

Other costs (6) 

5,192 

4,154 

(6,845 

Capital structure transaction costs (7) 

37,587 

Tax impact of adjustments (8) 

(16,549 

(33,343 

(19,950 

Adjusted Net Income 

152,933 

72,632 

46,663 

Years Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net income (loss) per common share diluted 

0.59 

(1.00 

(0.19 

Amortization 

0.32 

0.45 

0.56 

Stock-based compensation costs 

0.12 

0.99 

0.04 

Business transformation costs 

0.15 

Acquisition costs 

0.01 

0.04 

Initial public offering and secondary offering costs 

0.02 

0.07 

0.08 

Other costs 

0.03 

0.03 

(0.06 

Capital structure transaction costs 

0.31 

Tax impact of adjustments 

(0.10 

(0.27 

(0.19 

Adjusted Diluted EPS (9) 

0.98 

0.59 

0.43 

(1) 
 
 Effective as of September 30, 2020, we revised the definition of Adjusted Net Income to remove depreciation expense. The prior period had been recast to reflect the change. 

(2) 
 
 Stock-based compensation costs for the year ended September 30, 2021 reflect expenses related to our initial public offering. Expenses related to our recurring awards granted each fiscal year are excluded from the Adjusted Net Income reconciliation. 

3 
 
 Business transformation costs reflect consulting and other costs related to repositioning of brands of 4.3 million for fiscal year 2019, compensation costs related to the transformation of the senior management team of 0.6 million and 2.3 million for fiscal years 2020 and 2019, respectively, costs related to the relocation of our corporate headquarters of 2.0 million for fiscal year 2019, start-up costs of our new recycling facility of 5.3 million for fiscal year 2019, and other integration-related costs of 2.7 million for fiscal year 2019. 

4 
 
 Acquisition costs reflect costs directly related to completed acquisitions of 0.9 million and 4.1 million for fiscal years 2020 and 2019, respectively, and inventory step-up adjustments related to recording the inventory of acquired businesses at fair value on the date of acquisition of 0.7 million for fiscal year 2020. 

5 
 
 Initial public offering and secondary offering costs includes 1.4 million in fees related to the Secondary offering of our Class A common stock in fiscal year 2020. 

6 
 
 Other costs reflect costs for legal expenses of 2.3 million, 0.9 million and 0.9 million for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, impact of the retroactive adoption of ASC 842 leases of 0.5 million for fiscal year 2021, reduction in workforce costs of 0.4 million for fiscal year 2020, income from an insurance recovery of legal loss of 7.7 million for fiscal year 2019, and costs related to an incentive plan and other ancillary expenses associated with the initial public offering of 2.4 million and 2.9 million for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

7 
 
 Capital structure transaction costs include loss on extinguishment of debt of 1.9 million for the 2021 Senior Notes and 35.7 million for the 2025 Senior Notes for fiscal year 2020. 

8 
 
 Tax impact of adjustments is based on applying a combined U.S. federal and state statutory tax rate of 24.5 , 24.5 and 24.0 for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

9 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding used in computing diluted net income (loss) per common share is 156,666,394, 122,128,515, and 108,162,741 shares for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

 47 

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin Reconciliation 

Years Ended September 30, 

(U.S. dollars in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net income (loss) 

93,150 

(122,233 

(20,196 

Interest expense 

20,311 

71,179 

83,205 

Depreciation and amortization 

101,604 

99,781 

93,929 

Tax expense (benefit) 

28,668 

(8,278 

(3,955 

Stock-based compensation costs 

22,670 

120,517 

3,682 

Business transformation costs (1) 

594 

16,560 

Acquisition costs (2) 

1,596 

4,110 

Initial public offering and secondary offering costs (3) 

2,592 

8,616 

9,076 

Other costs (4) 

5,192 

4,154 

(6,845 

Capital structure transaction costs (5) 

37,587 

Total adjustments 

181,037 

335,746 

199,762 

Adjusted EBITDA 

274,187 

213,513 

179,566 

Years Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net margin 

7.9 

(13.6 

(2.5 

Interest expense 

1.7 

7.9 

10.5 

Depreciation and amortization 

8.6 

11.1 

11.8 

Tax expense (benefit) 

2.5 

(0.9 

(0.5 

Stock-based compensation costs 

1.9 

13.4 

0.5 

Business transformation costs 

0.1 

2.1 

Acquisition costs 

0.2 

0.5 

Initial public offering and secondary offering costs 

0.2 

0.9 

1.1 

Other costs 

0.5 

0.4 

(0.9 

Capital structure transaction costs 

4.2 

Total adjustments 

15.4 

37.3 

25.1 

Adjusted EBITDA Margin 

23.3 

23.7 

22.6 

1 
 
 Business transformation costs reflect consulting and other costs related to repositioning of brands of 4.3 million for fiscal year, 2019, compensation costs related to the transformation of the senior management team of 0.6 million and 2.3 million for fiscal years 2020 and 2019, respectively, costs related to the relocation of our corporate headquarters of 2.0 million for fiscal year 2019, start-up costs of our new recycling facility of 5.3 million for fiscal year 2019, and other integration-related costs of 2.7 million for fiscal year 2019. 

2 
 
 Acquisition costs reflect costs directly related to completed acquisitions of 0.9 million and 4.1 million for fiscal years 2020 and 2019, respectively, and inventory step-up adjustments related to recording the inventory of acquired businesses at fair value on the date of acquisition of 0.7 million for fiscal year 2020 . 

3 
 
 Initial public offering and secondary offering costs includes 1.4 million in fees related to the Secondary offering of our Class A common stock completed in fiscal year 2020. 

4 
 
 Other costs reflect costs for legal expenses of 2.3 million, 0.9 million and 0.9 million for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, impact of the retroactive adoption of ASC 842 leases of 0.5 million for fiscal year 2021, reduction in workforce costs of 0.4 million for fiscal year 2020, income from an insurance recovery of legal loss of 7.7 million for fiscal year 2019, and costs related to an incentive plan and other ancillary expenses associated with the initial public offering of 2.4 million and 2.9 million for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

5 
 
 Capital structure transaction costs include loss on extinguishment of debt of 1.9 million for the 2021 Senior Notes and 35.7 million for the 2025 Senior Notes for fiscal year 2020. 

48 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity Outlook 
 Our primary cash needs are to fund working capital, capital expenditures, debt service and any acquisitions we may undertake. As of September 30, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 250.5 million and total indebtedness of 467.7 million. CPG International LLC, our direct, wholly owned subsidiary, had approximately 146.7 million available under the borrowing base of our Revolving Credit Facility for future borrowings as of September 30, 2021. CPG International LLC has the option to increase the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility by up to 100.0 million, subject to certain conditions. 
 We believe we will have adequate liquidity over the next 12 months to operate our business and to meet our cash requirements as a result of cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances and availability under our Revolving Credit Facility after consideration of our debt service and other cash requirements. In the longer term, our liquidity will depend on many factors, including our results of operations, our future growth, the timing and extent of our expenditures to develop new products and improve our manufacturing capabilities, the expansion of our sales and marketing activities and the extent to which we make acquisitions. Changes in our operating plans, material changes in anticipated sales, increased expenses, acquisitions or other events may cause us to seek additional equity and/or debt financing in future periods. 
 Holding Company Status 
 We are a holding company and do not conduct any business operations of our own. As a result, we are largely dependent upon cash dividends and distributions and other transfers from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations. The agreements governing the indebtedness of our subsidiaries impose restrictions on our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. 
 CPG International LLC is party to the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. The obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities are secured by specified assets. The obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities are guaranteed by The AZEK Company Inc. and the wholly owned domestic subsidiaries of CPG International LLC other than certain immaterial subsidiaries and other excluded subsidiaries. 
 The Senior Secured Credit Facilities contain covenants restricting payments of dividends by CPG International LLC unless certain conditions, as provided in the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, are met. The covenants under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities provide for certain exceptions for specific types of payments. However, other than restricted payments under the specified exceptions, the covenants under our Term Loan Agreement generally prohibit the payment of dividends unless the fixed charge coverage ratio of CPG International LLC, on a pro forma basis, for the four quarters preceding the declaration or payment of such dividend would be at least 2.00 to 1.00 and such restricted payments do not exceed an amount based on the sum of 40.0 million plus 50 of consolidated net income for the period commencing October 1, 2013 to the end of the most recent fiscal quarter for which internal consolidated financial statements of CPG International LLC are available at the time of such restricted payment, plus certain customary addbacks. Based on the general restrictions in our Term Loan Agreement as of September 30, 2021, CPG International LLC would have been permitted to declare or pay dividends of up to 168.5 million, plus any dividends for the specific purposes specified in the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. 
 Since the restricted net assets of the Company exceed 25 of our consolidated net assets, in accordance with Rule 12-04, Schedule 1 of Regulation S-X, refer to our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for condensed parent company financial statements of the Company. 
 Cash Sources 
 We have historically relied on cash flows from operations generated by CPG International LLC, borrowings under the credit facilities, issuances of notes and other forms of debt financing and capital contributions to fund our cash needs. 
 On September 30, 2013, our subsidiary, CPG International LLC (as successor-in-interest to CPG Merger Sub LLC, a limited liability company formed to effect the acquisition of CPG International LLC), Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent, or the Revolver Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto entered into the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility provides for maximum aggregate borrowings of up to 150.0 million, subject to an asset-based borrowing base. The borrowing base is limited to a specified percentage of eligible accounts receivable and inventory, less reserves that may be established by the Revolver Administrative Agent in the exercise of its reasonable credit judgment. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, CPG International LLC had no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and had 3.3 million and 6.8 million, respectively, of outstanding letters of credit held against the Revolving Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, CPG International LLC had approximately 146.7 million and 129.4 million, respectively, available under the borrowing base for future borrowings in addition to cash and cash equivalents on hand of 250.5 million and 215.0 million, respectively. Because our borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility depends, in part, on inventory, 
 49 
 
 accounts receivable and other assets that fluctuate from time to time, the amount available under the borrowing base may not reflect actual borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Cash Uses 
 Our principal cash requirements have included working capital, capital expenditures, payments of principal and interest on our debt, and, if market conditions warrant, making selected acquisitions. We may elect to use cash from operations, debt proceeds, equity or a combination thereof to finance future acquisition opportunities. 
 Cash Flows 

Years Ended September 30, 

2021 2020 Variance 

2020 2019 Variance 

(U.S. dollars in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Variance 

Variance 

Variance 

Variance 

Net cash provided by (used in) 
 operating activities 

207,679 

98,361 

94,872 

109,318 

111.1 

3,489 

3.7 

Net cash provided by (used in) 
 investing activities 

(175,073 

(113,794 

(62,935 

(61,279 

53.9 

(50,859 

80.8 

Net cash provided by (used in) 
 financing activities 

2,918 

124,498 

(8,273 

(121,580 

(97.7 

132,771 

N/M 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

35,524 

109,065 

23,664 

(73,541 

N/M 

85,401 

N/M 

N/M indicates the variance as a percentage is not meaningful. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021, Compared with Year Ended September 30, 2020 
 Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 207.7 million and 98.4 million for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The 109.3 increase in cash provided by operating activities is primarily related to the increase in net income over the year ended September 30, 2020. 
 Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 175.1 million and 113.8 million for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended September 30, 2021 primarily consisted of purchases of property, plant and equipment to support our expansion of capacity in our manufacturing facilities, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020, which primarily consisted of purchases of property, plant and equipment in the normal course of business and 18.5 million for the acquisition of Return Polymers, Inc. 
 Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 2.9 million and 124.5 million for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2021 consisted of proceeds of cash received from the exercise of stock options, offset by debt fees paid to third parties, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020, which consisted of proceeds from our IPO, net of related costs, our issuance of the 2025 Senior Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility, offset by our redemption of the 2025 Senior Notes and the 2021 Senior Notes, debt payments and redemptions of capital contributions. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2020, Compared with Year Ended September 30, 2019 
 Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 98.4 million and 94.9 million for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. During the first half of our fiscal year, we operate programs to prepare for increased purchases during the building season, and as a result, we typically experience an increase in cash used in operating activities relative to the second half of our fiscal year. During the year ended September 30, 2020, our operating cash flow increased as a result of the increased demand for our Residential products, partially offset by higher accounts receivable and inventory balances. 
 50 

Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 113.8 million and 62.9 million for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively, primarily representing purchases of property, plant and equipment in the normal course of business and 18.5 million for the acquisition of Return Polymers, Inc. 
 Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities was 124.5 million and (8.3) million for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2020 consisted of proceeds from our IPO, net of related costs, our issuance of the 2025 Senior Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility, offset by our redemption of the 2025 Senior Notes and the 2021 Senior Notes, debt payments and redemptions of capital contributions, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2019, which consisted of proceeds from our Revolving Credit Facility, offset by payments for debt and contingent consideration related to the acquisition of Ultralox. 
 Availability under our Revolving Credit Facility 
 The Revolving Credit Facility provides for maximum aggregate borrowings of up to 150.0 million, subject to an asset-based borrowing base. Outstanding revolving loans under the Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest at a rate which equals, at our option, either (i) for alternative base rate, or ABR, borrowings, the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 50 basis points, (b) the prime rate and (c) the LIBOR, as of such date for a deposit in U.S. dollars with a maturity of one month plus 100 basis points, plus, in each case, a spread of 25 to 75 basis points based on average historical availability, or (ii) for Eurocurrency borrowings, adjusted LIBOR plus a spread of 125 to 175 basis points, based on average historical availability. The maturity of the Revolving Credit Facility is the earlier of March 31, 2026 and the date that is 91 days prior to the maturity of the Term Loan Agreement or any permitted refinancing thereof. 
 A commitment fee accrues on any unused portion of the revolving commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility during the preceding three calendar month period. If the average daily used percentage is greater than 50 , the commitment fee equals 25 basis points, and if the average daily used percentage is less than or equal to 50 , the commitment fee equals 37.5 basis points. 
 The obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in certain assets, including substantially all of the accounts receivable, inventory, deposit accounts, securities accounts and cash assets of The AZEK Company Inc., CPG International LLC and the subsidiaries of CPG International LLC that are guarantors under the Revolving Credit Facility, and the proceeds thereof (subject to certain exceptions), or the Revolver Priority Collateral, plus a second priority security interest in all of the Term Loan Priority Collateral (as defined below). The obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are guaranteed by The AZEK Company Inc. and the wholly owned domestic subsidiaries of CPG International LLC other than certain immaterial subsidiaries and other excluded subsidiaries. 
 Revolving loans under the Revolving Credit Facility may be voluntarily prepaid in whole, or in part, in each case without premium or penalty. CPG International LLC is also required to make mandatory prepayments (i) when aggregate borrowings exceed commitments or the applicable borrowing base and (ii) during cash dominion, which occurs if (a) the availability under the Revolving Credit Facility is less than the greater of (i) 12.5 million and (ii) 10 of the lesser of (x) 150.0 million and (y) the borrowing base, for five consecutive business days or (b) certain events of default have occurred and are continuing. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility contains affirmative covenants that are customary for financings of this type, including allowing the Revolver Administrative Agent to perform periodic field exams and appraisals to evaluate the borrowing base. The Revolving Credit Facility contains various negative covenants, including limitations on, subject to certain exceptions, the incurrence of indebtedness, the incurrence of liens, dispositions, investments, acquisitions, restricted payments, transactions with affiliates, as well as other negative covenants customary for financings of this type. The Revolving Credit Facility also includes a financial maintenance covenant, applicable only when the excess availability is less than the greater of (i) 10 of the lesser of the aggregate commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility and the borrowing base, and (ii) 12.5 million. In such circumstances, we would be required to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio (as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility) for the trailing four quarters equal to at least 1.0 to 1.0 subject to our ability to make an equity cure (no more than twice in any four quarter period and up to five times over the life of the facility). As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, CPG International LLC was in compliance with the financial and nonfinancial covenants imposed by the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility also includes customary events of default, including the occurrence of a change of control. 
 We also have the option to increase the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility by up to 100.0 million, subject to certain conditions. 
 51 

Term Loan Agreement 
 The Term Loan Agreement is a first lien term loan. As of each of September 30, 2021 and 2020, CPG International LLC had 467.7 million outstanding under the Term Loan Agreement. The Term Loan Agreement will mature on May 5, 2024. 
 The interest rate applicable to the outstanding principal under the Term Loan Agreement equals, at our option, either, (i) in the case of ABR borrowings, the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate as of such day plus 50 basis points, (b) the prime rate and (c) the LIBOR as of such day for a deposit in U.S. dollars with a maturity of one month plus 100 basis points, provided that in no event will the alternative base rate be less than 175 basis points, plus, in each case, the applicable margin of 150 basis points per annum or (ii) in the case of Eurocurrency borrowings, the greater of (a) the LIBOR in effect for such interest period divided by one, minus the statutory reserves applicable to such Eurocurrency borrowing, if any, and (b) 75 basis points, plus the applicable margin of 250 basis points per annum. The applicable margin may be reduced by a further 25 basis points in respect of both Eurocurrency borrowings and ABR borrowings during any period that CPG International LLC maintains specified public corporate family ratings. 
 The obligations under the Term Loan Agreement are secured by a first priority security interest in the membership interests of CPG International LLC owned by The AZEK Company Inc., the equity interests of CPG International LLC s domestic subsidiaries and all remaining assets not constituting Revolver Priority Collateral (subject to certain exceptions) of The AZEK Company Inc., CPG International LLC and the subsidiaries of CPG International LLC that are guarantors under the Term Loan Agreement, or the Term Loan Priority Collateral, and a second priority security interest in the Revolver Priority Collateral. The obligations under the Term Loan Agreement are guaranteed by The AZEK Company Inc. and the wholly owned domestic subsidiaries of CPG International LLC other than certain immaterial subsidiaries and other excluded subsidiaries. 
 The Term Loan Agreement may be voluntarily prepaid in whole, or in part, in each case without premium or penalty (other than the Prepayment Premium, as defined in the Term Loan Agreement, if applicable), subject to certain customary conditions. CPG International LLC is also required to make mandatory prepayments in an amount equal to (i) 100 of the net cash proceeds from casualty events or the disposition of property or assets, subject to customary reinvestment rights, (ii) 100 of the net cash proceeds from the incurrence or issuance of indebtedness (other than permitted indebtedness) by CPG International LLC or any restricted subsidiary and (iii) 50 of excess cash flow, with such percentage subject to reduction (to 25 and to 0 upon achievement of specified leverage ratios and which prepayment may be declined by the lenders under the Term Loan Agreement. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, no excess cash flow payment was required based on the current leverage ratio. The lenders under the Term Loan Agreement have the option to decline any prepayments based on excess cash flows. At the lenders option the excess cash flow payment made in January 2020 was 2.2 million with the remaining prepayment declined by the lenders. Additionally, CPG International LLC is required to pay the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan Agreement in quarterly installments of 0.25253 of the aggregate principal amount under the Term Loan Agreement outstanding, and such quarterly payments may be reduced as a result of prepayments. Based on the prepayment of 337.7 million made with net proceeds we received from our IPO, CPG International LLC has prepaid all of the quarterly principal payments otherwise due through the maturity of the Term Loan Agreement. 
 The Term Loan Agreement contains affirmative covenants, negative covenants and events of default, which are broadly consistent with those in the Revolving Credit Facility (with certain differences consistent with the differences between a revolving loan and term loan) and that are customary for facilities of this type. The Term Loan Agreement does not have any financial maintenance covenants. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, CPG International LLC was in compliance with the covenants imposed by the Term Loan Agreement. The Term Loan Agreement also includes customary events of default, including the occurrence of a change of control. 
 We have the right to arrange for incremental term loans under the Term Loan Agreement of up to an aggregate principal amount of 150.0 million, plus the amounts incurred under Incremental Amendment No. 1 thereto, plus any amounts previously voluntarily prepaid, with additional incremental term loans available if certain leverage ratios are achieved. 
 Restrictions on Dividends 
 The Senior Secured Credit Facilities each restrict payments of dividends unless certain conditions, as provided in the Revolving Credit Facility or the Term Loan Agreement, as applicable, are met. 
 Contingent Commitments 
 We have contractual commitments for purchases of certain minimum quantities of raw materials at index-based prices, and non-cancelable capital and operating leases, outstanding letters of credit and fixed asset purchase commitments. For a description of our contractual obligations and commitments, see Notes 7 Debt , 9 Leases and 17 Commitments and Contingencies to our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 52 

Other 
 We are currently in the process of a multi-phase capacity expansion program including the opening of a new manufacturing facility to be located in Boise, Idaho. In connection with our capacity expansion program, we have announced our intention to invest approximately 230 million through 2022 which we expect to add a total of approximately 85 of incremental decking capacity relative to our decking capacity at the end of fiscal year 2019, combined with increases in recycling, railing and exteriors capacity. The first and second phases of our multi-phase capacity expansion plan were completed during the third quarter of fiscal year 2021, providing cumulatively approximately 40 more decking capacity. We subsequently upsized our expansion plans at our Wilmington, Ohio facility and expect to add an incremental approximately 15 of decking and recycling capacity in early 2022. The third phase involves the opening of a new manufacturing facility, which will be located in Boise, Idaho and is expected to be operational during fiscal 2022 and contribute approximately 30 more decking capacity. 
 We also intend to continue to invest in new capacity in the ordinary course as we execute against the long-term material conversion opportunity and market expansion. 
 
 53 

Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates and Assumptions 
 A discussion of our significant accounting policies and significant accounting estimates and judgments is presented in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Throughout the preparation of the financial statements, we employ significant judgments in the application of accounting principles and methods. These judgments are primarily related to the assumptions used to arrive at various estimates. These significant accounting estimates and judgments include: 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Our Residential segment generates revenue from the sale of our innovative, low-maintenance, sustainable Outdoor Living products, including decking, railing, trim, moulding, pavers products and accessories. Our Commercial segment generates revenue from the sale of sustainable low-maintenance privacy and storage solution products and highly engineered plastic sheet products. 
 We recognize revenues when control of the promised goods is transferred to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods, at a point in time, when shipping occurs. Each product we transfer to the customer is considered one performance obligation. We have elected to account for shipping and handling costs as activities to fulfill the promise to transfer the goods. As a result of this accounting policy election, we do not consider shipping and handling activities as promised services to our customers. 
 Customer contracts are typically fixed price and short-term in nature. The transaction price is based on the product specifications and is determined at the time of order. We do not engage in contracts greater than one year, and therefore do not have any incremental costs capitalized as of September 30, 2021 or September 30, 2020. 
 We may offer various sales incentive programs throughout the year. We estimate the amount of sales incentive to allocate to each performance obligation, or product shipped, using the most-likely-amount method of estimation, based on sales to the direct customer or sell-through customer. The estimate is updated each reporting period and any changes are allocated to the performance obligations on the same basis as at inception. Changes in estimate allocated to a previously satisfied performance obligation are recognized as part of net revenue in the period in which the change occurs under the cumulative catch-up method. In addition to sales incentive programs, we may offer a payment discount, if payments are received within 30 days. We estimate the payment discount that we determine will be taken by the customer based on prior history and using the most-likely-amount method of estimation. We believe the most-likely-amount method best predicts the amount of consideration to which we will be entitled. The payment discounts are also reflected as part of net revenue. The total amount of incentives was 92.5 million, 63.1 million and 50.8 million for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 Customer program costs and incentives, such as rebates are a common practice in our business. We incur customer program costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Customer program costs and incentives include annual programs related to volume growth as well as certain product-specific incentives. The program costs are accounted for at the time the revenue is recognized in net sales. Management s estimates are based on historical and projected experience for each type of program or customer and in consideration of product specific incentives. Management periodically reviews accruals for these rebates and allowances, and adjusts accruals when circumstances indicate (typically as a result of a change in volume expectations). 
 Goodwill 
 We evaluate goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarter at the reporting unit level annually, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change in the interim that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the asset below the carrying amount. Goodwill is considered to be impaired when the net book value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value. Our evaluation may begin with a qualitative assessment of the factors that could impact the significant inputs used to estimate fair value to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or we may elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed to a quantitative assessment to determine if goodwill is impaired. In quantitative impairment tests, we first compare the fair value of the reporting unit to the carrying value. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the goodwill of that reporting unit is impaired and an impairment loss is recognized for the excess up to the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. 
 We measure fair value of the reporting units to which goodwill is allocated using an income based approach, a generally accepted valuation methodology, using relevant data available through and as of the impairment testing date. Under the income approach, fair value is determined using a discounted cash flow method, projecting future cash flows of each reporting unit, as well as a terminal value, and discounting such cash flows at a rate of return that reflects the relative risk of the cash flows. The key 
 54 
 
 assumptions and factors used in this approach include, but are not limited to, revenue growth rates and profit margins based on internal forecasts, a weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows, and a review with comparable market multiples for the industry segment as well as our historical operating trends. Any impairment is increased to encompass the income tax effects of any tax deductible goodwill on the carrying amount of the reporting unit, so that the after-tax impairment loss is equivalent to the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. 
 No impairments were recorded during the year ended September 30, 2021 as the estimated fair value substantially exceeded the carrying value for all reporting units. 
 Product Warranties 
 We provide product assurance warranties against certain defects to our customers based on standard terms and conditions for periods beginning as of the sale date and lasting from five years to a lifetime, depending on the product and subject to various limitations. We provide for the estimated cost of warranties by product line at the time revenue is recognized based on management s judgment, considering such factors as cost per claim, historical experience, anticipated rates of claims, and other available information, including our stated warranty policies and procedures. Management reviews and adjusts these estimates, if necessary, based on the differences between actual experience and historical estimates. Because warranty issues may surface later in the product life cycle, management continues to review these estimates on a regular basis and considers adjustments to these estimates based on actual experience compared to historical estimates. Estimating the required warranty reserves requires a high level of judgment, especially as many of our products are at a relatively early stage in their product life cycles. The warranty obligation is reflected in other current and other non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Equity Based Compensation 
 Prior to our IPO 
 To assist us in attracting, retaining, incentivizing and motivating employees, certain employees were granted limited partnership interests in our former indirect parent entity, which we refer to as the Partnership, that generally were intended to constitute profits interests, or the Profits Interests. The Profits Interests were subject to specified hurdle amounts, which functioned like option exercise prices because the Profits Interests did not participate in distributions by the Partnership until distributions to equity holders had exceeded the relevant hurdle amounts. In general, awards of Profits Interests were 50 time vested and 50 performance vested. 
 Prior to completion of our IPO, interests in the Partnership, including the Profits Interests, were not listed on any established exchange. In determining the fair value of the Profits Interests, we took into account the methodologies and approaches described in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. The sole material asset of the Partnership was indirect ownership of our company. Accordingly, the fair value of the Profits Interests was derived by reference to the value of our company, which we estimated using a combination of the income approach and the market approach. Under the income approach, we estimated the fair value of our company based on the present value of our future estimated cash flows and the estimated residual value of our company beyond the forecast period. These future values were discounted to their present values at a discount rate deemed appropriate to reflect the risks inherent in achieving these estimated cash flows. Significant estimates and judgments involved in the income approach include our estimated future cash flows, the perpetuity growth rate assumed in estimating the residual value of our cash flows and the discount rate used to discount our cash flows to present value. For the market approach, we utilized the comparable company method by analyzing a group of companies that were considered to be comparable to us in terms of product offerings, revenue, margins and/or growth. We then used these companies to develop relevant market multiples, which were applied to our corresponding financial metrics to estimate our equity value. Significant estimates and judgments used in the comparable company method included the selection of comparable companies and the selection of appropriate market multiples. Application of these approaches involves the use of estimates, judgment and assumptions that are highly subjective. Following our IPO, it is not necessary to apply these valuation approaches as shares of our Class A common stock are traded in the public market. 
 In order to determine the value of the Profits Interests, the estimated equity value of the Partnership was allocated among the various interests in the Partnership, including the Profits Interests, using the option pricing method, which treated the various interests in the Partnership as call options with exercise prices determined based on their respective rights to participate in distributions by the Partnership. The values attributable to these implicit call options were determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires the use of highly subjective assumptions, including volatility and the expected term of the call options. As equity interests in the Partnership were not publicly traded, expected volatility was derived based on the volatilities of a peer group of publicly traded companies that were deemed to be similar to us. The expected term of the options was based on the anticipated time to liquidity. Other assumptions include the risk-free rate of interest and dividend yield. The risk-free rate of interest was based on yields for U.S. Treasury securities with remaining maturities corresponding to the estimated term of the options. Dividends were assumed to be zero, consistent with historical experience. After the equity value was determined and 
 55 
 
 allocated to the various classes of interests in the Partnership, including the Profits Interests, a discount for lack of marketability, or DLOM, was applied to derive the fair value of the Profits Interests. A DLOM is meant to account for the lack of marketability of a security that is not publicly traded. 
 The cost of time-vested Profits Interests was recognized as an expense generally on a straight-line basis over the employee s requisite service period, which generally coincided with the vesting of the award. For performance vested Profits Interests, expense was recognized if and when the achievement of the applicable performance criteria became probable. Performance vested Profits Interests only vested upon receipt by the Sponsors of specified proceeds (in the form of cash and marketable securities) or, in the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership, dated as of September 30, 2013), upon the Sponsors achieving a specified rate of return. Through September 30, 2019 and immediately prior to the IPO, no compensation expense had been recognized with respect to the performance vested Profits Interests because the achievement of the performance criteria had not become probable. 
 Subsequent to our IPO 
 We determine the expense for all employee stock-based compensation awards by estimating their fair value and recognizing such value as an expense, on a straight-line, ratable or cliff basis, depending on the award, in our consolidated financial statements over the requisite service period in which employees earn the awards. We estimate the fair value of performance-based awards granted to employees using the Monte Carlo pricing model and for service-based awards granted to employees using the Black Scholes pricing model. The fair value of performance-based awards that are expected to vest is recognized as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The fair value of service-based awards that are expected to vest is recognized as compensation expense on either (1) a straight-line basis, (2) a ratable vesting basis or (3) a cliff vesting basis. We account for forfeitures as they occur. 
 To determine the fair value of a stock-based award using the Monte Carlo and Black Scholes models, we make assumptions regarding the risk-free interest rate, expected future volatility, expected dividend yield and performance period. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. We estimate the expected volatility of the share price by reviewing the estimated volatility levels of our Class A common stock in conjunction with the historical volatility levels of public companies that operate in similar industries or are similar in terms of stage of development or size and then projecting this information toward its future expected volatility. We exercise judgment in selecting these companies, as well as in evaluating the available historical and implied volatility for these companies. Dividend yield is determined based on our future plans to pay dividends. We calculate the performance period based on the specific market condition to be achieved and derived from estimates of future performance. We calculate the expected term in years for each stock option using a simplified method based on the average of each option s vesting term and original contractual term. The simplified method is used due to the lack of sufficient historical data available to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term of each stock option. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 We recognized 22.7 million, 120.5 million and 3.3 million in stock-based compensation expense during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The stock-based compensation expense recognized in fiscal year 2020 is primarily a result of the vesting of performance-based equity awards due to the Sponsors receiving sufficient proceeds from our secondary offering completed in September 2020. As of September 30, 2021, the Company had not yet recognized compensation cost on unvested stock-based awards of 24.5 million, with a weighted average remaining recognition period of 2.4 years. 
 Income Taxes 
 In determining our current income tax provision, we assessed temporary differences resulting from differing treatments of items for tax and accounting purposes. These differences resulted in deferred tax assets and liabilities which are recorded in our consolidated balance sheets. When we maintain deferred tax assets, we must assess the likelihood that these assets will be recovered through adjustments to future taxable income. To the extent we believe, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the asset will not be realized, we establish a valuation allowance. We record an allowance reducing the asset to a value we believe is more likely than not to be realized based on our expectation of future taxable income. We believe the accounting estimate related to the valuation allowance is a critical accounting estimate because it is highly susceptible to change from period to period as it requires management to make assumptions about our future income over the lives of the deferred tax assets, and the impact of increasing or decreasing the valuation allowance is potentially material to our results of operations. 
 Forecasting future income requires us to use a significant amount of judgment. In estimating future income, we use our internal operating budgets and long-range planning projections. We developed our budgets and long-range projections based on recent results, trends, economic and industry forecasts influencing our segments performance, our backlog, planned timing of new product launches, 
 56 
 
 and customer sales projections. Significant changes in the expected realization of net deferred tax assets would require that we adjust the valuation allowance, resulting in a change to net income. 
 We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is recognition, where we evaluate whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50 of being sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a less than 50 likelihood of being sustained, no tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold in the first step, we perform the second step of measuring the benefit (expense) to be recorded. The actual benefits (expense) ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future periods, changes in facts, circumstances, and new information may require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recorded in the consolidated statement of income and consolidated balance sheet in the period in which such changes occur. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits pertaining to uncertain tax positions totaling 1.0 million and 1.0 million, respectively. 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 Under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, we qualified as an emerging growth company, or an EGC, and as such, have elected not to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting pronouncements. During the extended transition period, we were not subject to new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies. 
 Based on our public float calculation at March 31, 2021, we are deemed a Large Accelerated Filer under the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines and ceased to qualify as an EGC effective September 30, 2021. The loss of EGC status resulted in losing the reporting exemptions noted above, and in particular required our independent registered public accounting firm to provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021 under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 On October 1, 2018, we early adopted ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. The update will supersede most current revenue recognition guidance. Under the new standard, entities are required to identify the contract with a customer identify the separate performance obligations in the contract determine the transaction price allocate the transaction price to the separate performance obligations in the contract and recognize the appropriate amount of revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies each performance obligation. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On October 1, 2019, we adopted ASU No. 2016-16, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfer of Assets Other Than Inventory . The standard amends several aspects of the tax accounting and recognition timing for intra-company transfers. We adopted the standard using a modified retrospective approach, with an adjustment to the beginning retained earnings of approximately 1.3 million, due to the cumulative impact of adopting the standard. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On October 1, 2020, we adopted ASU No. 2018-13, Disclosure Framework-Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement, which amends Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement . This standard modifies the disclosure requirements for fair value measurements by removing, modifying, or adding certain disclosures. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On October 1, 2020, we adopted ASC 842 (Leases) using the transition method introduced by ASU 2018-11, which does not require revisions to comparative periods. Adoption of the new standard resulted in the recording of lease assets and lease liabilities of approximately 15.2 million and 18.7 million, respectively, as of October 1, 2020. The difference between the lease assets and lease liabilities primarily relates to accrued rent and unamortized lease incentives recorded in accordance with the previous leasing guidance. As of the adoption date, accumulated deficit within shareholder's equity on our consolidated balance sheet decreased by 2.1 million, primarily related to the derecognition of build-to-suit leasing arrangements. The new standard did not materially impact our consolidated statements of income or cash flows. 
 On October 1, 2020, we adopted ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) , and the subsequent amendments The standard sets forth an expected credit loss model which requires the measurement of expected credit losses for financial instruments based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This replaces the existing incurred loss model and is applicable to the measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost, and certain off-balance sheet credit exposures. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 57 
 
 On October 1, 2020, we adopted ASU No. 2018-15 , Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Th e standard aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The adoption of the standard did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On October 1, 2020, we adopted ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) , The standard provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting principles to contract modifications and hedging relationships, subject to meeting certain criteria, that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. The adoption of the standard did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740) Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. This standard simplifies the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to general principles in Topic 740 and clarifying and amending existing guidance. For public entities, the amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2020. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted, including adoption in any interim period for (1) public business entities for periods for which financial statements have not yet been issued and (2) all other entities for periods for which financial statements have not yet been made available for issuance. An entity that elects to early adopt the amendments in an interim period should reflect any adjustments as of the beginning of the annual period that includes that interim period. Additionally, an entity that elects early adoption must adopt all the amendments in the same period. The amendments are applied on a prospective or retrospective basis, depending upon the amendment adopted within this ASU. The amendments in this ASU are effective for us for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2020 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021. We are currently evaluating the impact this adoption will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 I tem 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with our long-term debt. Our principal interest rate risk relates to the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. To meet our seasonal working capital needs, we borrow periodically on our variable rate revolving line of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had 467.7 million and 467.7 million, respectively, outstanding under the Term Loan Agreement and no outstanding amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Term Loan Agreement and Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at variable rates. An increase or decrease of 100 basis points in the floating rates on the amounts outstanding under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities as of September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, would have increased or decreased, respectively, annual cash interest by approximately 4.7 million, 4.7 million and 8.1 million, respectively. 
 In the future, in order to manage our interest rate risk, we may refinance our existing debt or enter into interest rate swaps or otherwise hedge the risk of changes in the interest rate under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. However, we do not intend or expect to enter into derivative or interest rate swap transactions for speculative purposes. 
 Credit Risk 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, our cash and cash equivalents were maintained at major financial institutions in the United States, and our current deposits are likely in excess of insured limits. We believe these institutions have sufficient assets and liquidity to conduct their operations in the ordinary course of business with little or no credit risk to us. 
 Our accounts receivable primarily relate to revenue from the sale of products primarily to established distributors inside of the United States. To mitigate credit risk, ongoing credit evaluations of customers financial condition are performed. As of September 30, 2021, three customers each represented more than 10 of gross trade receivables: Customer A was 11.2 , Customer B was 12.4 and Customer C was 13.7 . As of September 30, 2020, three customers each represented more than 10 of gross trade receivables: Customer A was 13.1 , Customer B was 12.6 and Customer C was 11.9 . 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Substantially all of our business is currently conducted in U.S. dollars. We do not believe that an immediate 10 increase or decrease in the relative value of the U.S. dollar as compared to other currencies would have a material effect on our operating results. 
 58 
 
 Inflation 
 Our cost of sales is subject to inflationary pressures and price fluctuations of the raw materials we use. Historically, we have generally been able over time to recover the effects of inflation and price fluctuations through sales price increases and production efficiencies associated with technological enhancements and volume growth however, we cannot reasonably estimate our ability to successfully recover any price increases in the future. 
 Raw Materials 
 We rely upon the supply of certain raw materials in our production processes however, we do not typically enter into fixed price contracts with our suppliers and currently have no fixed price contracts with our major vendors. The primary raw materials we use in the manufacture of our products are various petrochemical resins, including polyethylene, polypropylene and PVC resins, reclaimed polyethylene and PVC material, waste wood fiber and aluminum. In addition, we utilize a variety of other additives including modifiers, TiO2 and pigments. The exposures associated with these costs are primarily managed through terms of the sales and by maintaining relationships with multiple vendors. Prices for spot market purchases are negotiated on a continuous basis in line with the market at the time. We have not entered into hedges with respect to our raw material costs at this time, but we may choose to enter into such hedges in the future. Other than short term supply contracts for resins with indexed based pricing and occasional strategic purchases of larger quantities of certain raw materials, we generally buy materials on an as-needed basis. 
 The cost of some of the raw materials we use in the manufacture of our products is subject to significant price volatility. For example, the cost of petrochemical resins used in our manufacturing processes has historically varied significantly and has been affected by changes in supply and demand and in the price of crude oil. Substantially all of our resins are purchased under supply contracts that average approximately one to two years, for which pricing is variable based on an industry benchmark price index. The resin supply contracts are negotiated annually and generally provide that we are obligated to purchase a minimum amount of resins from each supplier. In addition, the price of reclaimed polyethylene material, waste wood fiber, aluminum, other additives (including modifiers, TiO2 and pigments) and other raw materials fluctuates depending on, among other things, overall market supply and demand and general business conditions. 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The financial statements required by this Item are located beginning on page F-1 of this report. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 This Item 9A includes information concerning the controls and controls evaluation referred to in the certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a 14 of the Exchange Act included in this Annual Report as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. 
 Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2021. 
 
 59 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers, and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, using the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of September 30, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 Remediation of Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 As previously reported, as of September 30, 2020, two material weaknesses existed in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Those material weaknesses were the following: (i) we did not design or maintain an effective control environment commensurate with our financial reporting requirements and (ii) we did not design and maintain effective controls over certain information technology, or IT, general controls for information systems and applications that are relevant to the preparation of the financial statements, specifically relating to user access controls. 
 We implemented measures designed to remediate the control deficiencies contributing to these material weaknesses. These remediation efforts included the following: 

We hired finance and accounting personnel with prior work experience in finance and accounting departments of public companies and with technical accounting, financial controls and SEC reporting experience, including the hiring of our Chief Financial Officer in January 2019 and our Chief Accounting Officer in April 2019, and reorganizing our finance department. Our Chief Financial Officer retired in August 2021 and was replaced by an equally qualified and seasoned Chief Financial Officer. 

We designed and implemented certain IT general controls that address risks associated with user access and security, focused training for control owners to help sustain effective control operations designed and implemented controls relating to segregation of duties to strengthen user access controls and security. 

 As a result of these efforts, we determined that the material weaknesses had been remediated as of September 30, 2021. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. 
 60 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 Our board of directors has determined that our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders will be held March 8, 2022 (the 2022 Annual Meeting). The time and location of the 2022 Annual Meeting, and the matters to be considered, will be as set forth in our definitive proxy statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting to be filed with the SEC. 
 Because the expected date of the 2022 Annual Meeting represents a change of more than 30 calendar days from the date of the anniversary of our 2021 annual meeting of stockholders, we are informing stockholders of this change and the updated deadline for stockholders to submit proposals intended for inclusion in our proxy statement for consideration at the 2022 Annual Meeting in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. Accordingly, to be timely, stockholders wishing to submit proposals intended to be considered for inclusion in our proxy statement relating to the 2022 Annual Meeting must ensure that proper notice is received by us at our offices no later than the close of business on December 15, 2021, which we consider a reasonable time before we will begin printing and mailing proxy materials. Any proposal intended to be considered for inclusion in our proxy statement must comply with Rule 14a-8 of Regulation 14A of the proxy rules of the SEC. The submission of a stockholder proposal does not guarantee that it will be included in our proxy materials. 
 
 61 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the 2021 fiscal year, and is herein incorporated by reference. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Officers applicable to our Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers. In addition, we have adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics for all officers, directors and employees. Our Code of Ethics for Senior Officers and Code of Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website at azekco.com on the Governance Documents page of the Investor Relations section of the website. We intend to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of our Code of Ethics for Senior Officers, or waivers of such provisions applicable to any principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or other persons performing similar functions on our website. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the 2021 fiscal year, and is herein incorporated by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the 2021 fiscal year, and is herein incorporated by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the 2021 fiscal year, and is herein incorporated by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the 2021 fiscal year, and is herein incorporated by reference. 
 62 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 
 List the following documents filed as a part of the report: 

(1) 
 
 Financial statements: The financial statements and notes thereto annexed to this report beginning on page F-1. 

(2) 
 
 Financial statement schedules: All schedules are omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is disclosed in our audited consolidated financial statements or the accompanying notes. 

(3) 
 
 Exhibits: The list of Exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is set forth on the Exhibit Index immediately preceding such Exhibits and is incorporated herein by this reference. 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 63 
 
 Exhibit Index 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
 No. 

Description 

Form 

Exhibit 

Filing Date 

File No. 

3.1 

Certificate of Incorporation of The AZEK Company Inc. 

10-Q 

3.1 

08/14/2020 

N/A 

3.2 

Bylaws of The AZEK Company Inc. 

10-Q 

3.2 

08/14/2020 

N/A 

4.1 

Stockholders Agreement, by and among The AZEK Company Inc. and the other parties named therein 

10-Q 

4.1 

08/14/2020 

N/A 

4.2 

Registration Rights Agreement, by and among The AZEK Company Inc. and the other parties named therein 

10-Q 

4.2 

08/14/2020 

N/A 

4.3 

Description of Registrant s Securities 

10.1 

Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2017, by and among CPG International LLC, Barclays Bank PLC, Bank of America, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as co-syndication agents, TD bank, N.A. and The Huntington National Bank, as co-documentation agents, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch as administrative and collateral agent and the lenders party thereto 

S-1 

10.1 

02/07/2020 

333-236325 

10.2 

First Amendment to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2020, among CPG International LLC, CPG Newco LLC, the Lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent 

S-1/A 

10.45 

06/08/2020 

333-236325 

10.3 

Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2020, among CPG International LLC, The AZEK Company Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent 

S-1 

10.3 

09/08/2020 

333-248660 

10.4 

Third Amendment dated March 31, 2021 to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 9, 2017, among Borrower, the Company, the lenders party hereto and the Agent. 

10-Q 

10.2 

05/14/2021 

N/A 

10.5 

Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2018, by and among CPG International LLC, Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative and collateral agent and the Lenders party thereto (included in Exhibit 10.6) 

S-1 

10.11 

02/07/2020 

333-236325 

10.6 

Incremental Amendment No. 1 to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2018, by and among CPG Newco LLC, CPG International LLC, Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent, and the Lenders party thereto 

S-1 

10.12 

02/07/2020 

333-236325 

10.7 

Second Amendment dated February 2, 2021 to Amended and Restated Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of June 18, 2018, among Borrower, the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company hereto as guarantors, the lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent. 

10-Q 

10.1 

05/14/2021 

N/A 

10.8 

Form of Indemnification Agreement 

S-1 

10.23 

02/07/2020 

333-236325 

10.9 

Employment Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2016, by and between CPG International LLC and Jesse Singh 

S-1 

10.24 

02/07/2020 

333-236325 

10.10 

Employment Offer Letter, dated as of September 20, 2017, by and between CPG International LLC and Jonathan Skelly 

S-1 

10.27 

02/07/2020 

333-236325 

10.11 

Employment Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2018, by and between CPG International LLC and Ralph Nicoletti 

S-1 

10.29 

02/07/2020 

333-236325 

10.12 

Transition Agreement and Release, dated as of July 19, 2021, by and between The AZEK Company Inc. and Ralph Nicoletti 

8-K 

10.1 

07/19/2021 

N/A 

64 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
 No. 

Description 

Form 

Exhibit 

Filing Date 

File No. 

10.13 

Employment Agreement, dated as of July 14, 2021, by and between CPG International LLC and Peter Clifford 

8-K 

10.1 

07/19/2021 

N/A 

10.14 

Employment Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2019, by and between CPG International LLC and Paul Kardish 

10.15 

Employment Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2017, by and between CPG International LLC and Jose Ochoa 

S-1 

10.29 

01/19/2021 

333-252219 

10.16 

The AZEK Company Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan 

S-1 

10.36 

09/08/2020 

333-248660 

10.17 

Form of Restricted Stock Grant (Replacement Award for AOT Building Products, L.P. Profits Interests) 

S-1 

10.37 

09/08/2020 

333-248660 

10.18 

Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Grant (Option Award for AOT Building Products, L.P. Profits Interests) 

S-1 

10.38 

09/08/2020 

333-248660 

10.19 

Form of IPO Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (Chair IPO Award) 

S-1 

10.39 

09/08/2020 

333-248660 

10.20 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors 

10.21 

Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2020 Awards) 

S-1 

10.39 

02/07/2020 

333-236325 

10.22 

Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2020 Awards) 

10.23 

Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (2020 Awards) 

10.24 

Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2021 Awards 

10.25 

Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2021 Awards) 

10.26 

Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (2021 Awards) 

10.27 

Chairman IPO Award Letter Agreement, dated February 5, 2020, between CPG Newco LLC and Gary Hendrickson 

S-1 

10.41 

02/07/2020 

333-236325 

10.28 

Form of Special Bonus Agreement 

S-1/A 

10.42 

05/29/2020 

333-236325 

10.29 

Form of Amendment 1 to Special Bonus Agreement 

S-1/A 

10.43 

05/29/2020 

333-236325 

10.30 

Form of IPO Cash Award Agreement 

S-1/A 

10.44 

05/29/2020 

333-236325 

10.31 

Key Employee Bonus Plan 

10.32 

Form of Non-Employee Director Compensation Deferral Election Form 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

S-1 

21.1 

09/08/2020 

333-248660 

23 

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

65 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
 No. 

Description 

Form 

Exhibit 

Filing Date 

File No. 

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

 66 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

The AZEK Company Inc. 

Date: November 23, 2021 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jesse Singh 

Jesse Singh 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Jesse Singh 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

November 23, 2021 

Jesse Singh 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Peter Clifford 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

November 23, 2021 

Peter Clifford 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Gregory Jorgensen 

Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

November 23, 2021 

Gregory Jorgensen 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Gary Hendrickson 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

November 23, 2021 

Gary Hendrickson 

/s/ Sallie B. Bailey 

Director 

November 23, 2021 

Sallie B. Bailey 

/s/ Fumbi Chima 

Director 

November 23, 2021 

Fumbi Chima 

/s/ Howard Heckes 

Director 

November 23, 2021 

Howard Heckes 

/s/ Natasha Li 

Director 

November 23, 2021 

Natasha Li 

/s/ Vernon J. Nagel 

Director 

November 23, 2021 

Vernon J. Nagel 

/s/ Blake Sumler 

Director 

November 23, 2021 

Blake Sumler 

/s/ Ashfaq Oadri 

Director 

November 23, 2021 

Ashfaq Qadri 

/s/ Bennett Rosenthal 

Director 

November 23, 2021 

Bennett Rosenthal 

/s/ Brian Spaly 

Director 

November 23, 2021 

Brian Spaly 

67 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of The AZEK Company Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The AZEK Company Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 F-2 

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Quantitative Goodwill Impairment Assessment 
 As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 951.4 million as of September 30, 2021. Management tests goodwill for impairment annually during the fourth fiscal quarter ended September 30 or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change in the interim that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the asset below the carrying amount. The impairment evaluation may begin with a qualitative assessment, or the Company may proceed to a quantitative assessment to determine if goodwill is impaired. Management completed the annual goodwill impairment tests as of August 1, 2021, using a qualitative assessment for three reporting units and a quantitative assessment for one of the reporting units. In performing the quantitative test, management measures the fair value of the reporting units using an income-based approach and relevant data available through the testing date. Under the income approach, fair value is determined using a discounted cash flow method, projecting future cash flows of the reporting unit, as well as a terminal value, and discounting such cash flows at a rate of return that reflects the relative risk of the cash flows. The key assumptions and factors used in this approach include, but are not limited to, revenue growth rates and profit margins based on internal Company forecasts, discount rates, perpetuity growth rates, future capital expenditures, and working capital requirements. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the quantitative goodwill impairment assessment is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining the fair value of the reporting unit and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to revenue growth rates and profit margins. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the quantitative goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of the one reporting unit. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for determining the fair value of the one reporting unit (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow method (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the method and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to revenue growth rates and profit margins. Evaluating management s assumptions related to revenue growth rates and profit margins involved evaluating whether the assumptions were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the reporting unit (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 November 23, 2021 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 
 F-3 

The AZEK Company Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share and per share amounts) 

As of September 30, 

2021 

2020 

ASSETS: 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Trade receivables, net of allowances 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued rebates 

Accrued interest 

Current portion of long-term debt obligations 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred income taxes 

Long-term debt less current portion 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized and shares issued 
 and outstanding at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively 

Class A common stock, par value shares authorized, 
 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021, and 
 issued and outstanding at September 30, 2020 

Class B common stock, par value shares authorized, shares 
 issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-4 
 
 The AZEK Company Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share and per share amounts) 

Years Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Other general expenses 

Loss on disposal of plant, property and equipment 

Operating income (loss) 

Other expenses: 

Interest expense 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Total other expenses 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Weighted average shares used in calculating net income (loss) 
 per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-5 
 
 The AZEK Company Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 

Common Stock 

Class A 

Class B 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 

Accumulated 
 Deficit 

Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 

Balance September 30, 2018 

Adoption of ASU 2014-09 

Net income (loss) 

Member contributions prior to initial public 
 offering 

Member redemptions prior to initial public 
 offering 

Stock-based compensation 

Balance September 30, 2019 

Adoption of ASU 2016-16 

Net income (loss) 

Member contributions prior to initial public 
 offering 

Member redemptions prior to initial public 
 offering 

Conversion of profits interests into 
 common shares 

Net proceeds from initial public offering 

Conversion of Class B common stock 
 into Class A common stock 

Exercise of vested stock options 

Stock-based compensation 

Balance September 30, 2020 

Adoption of ASU 2016-02 

Net income (loss) 

Stock-based compensation 

Vesting of restricted stock 

Exercise of vested stock options 

Cancellation of restricted stock awards 

IPO costs 

Balance September 30, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-6 
 
 The AZEK Company Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars) 

Years Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash flows provided by 
 (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization expense 

Non-cash interest expense 

Non-cash lease expense 

Deferred income tax expense (benefit) 

Non-cash compensation expense 

Fair value adjustment for contingent consideration 

Loss on disposition of property, plant and equipment 

Bad debt provision 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade receivables 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and interest 

Other assets and liabilities 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Financing activities: 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of related costs 

Proceeds from 2025 Senior Notes 

Redemption of 2021 and 2025 Senior Notes 

Payments of debt extinguishment costs related to 2021 and 2025 Senior Notes 

Proceeds under Revolving Credit Facility 

Payments under Revolving Credit Facility 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

Payments on long-term debt obligations 

Payments of financing fees related to Term Loan Agreement 

Payments of debt issuance costs related to 2025 Senior Notes 

Proceeds (repayments) of finance lease obligations 

Payments of Ultralox contingent consideration 

Payments of initial public offering related costs 

Redemption of capital contributions prior to initial public offering 

Capital contributions prior to initial public offering 

Exercise of vested stock options 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental cash flow disclosure: 

Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized 

Cash paid for income taxes, net 

Supplemental non-cash investing and financing disclosure: 

Capital expenditures in accounts payable at end of period 

Property, plant and equipment acquired under finance lease obligations 

Right-of-use operating and finance lease assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-7 
 
 The AZEK Company Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, unless otherwise specified) shares, including shares pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option. The shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on June 12, 2020 under the symbol AZEK . The shares were sold at an IPO price of per share for net proceeds to the Company of approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million and offering expenses of approximately million payable by the Company. In addition, the Company used its net proceeds to redeem million in aggregate principal of its then-outstanding 2025 Senior Notes, million of its then-outstanding principal amount under the Revolving Credit Facility and effected a million prepayment of its then-outstanding principal amount under the Term Loan Agreement. Refer to Note 8 for additional information. 
 In conjunction with the Company s conversion from a limited liability company into a corporation (the Corporate Conversion prior to the closing of the IPO, the Company effected a unit split of its then-outstanding limited liability company unit and then converted the units on a one-to-one basis into shares of capital stock of the Company, including shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock. In connection with the closing of the IPO, the Company issued additional shares of its Class A common stock, options to purchase shares of Class A common stock and certain other equity awards to its indirect equity holders prior to the IPO and certain of its officers and employees. All share and per share information presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements has been retroactively adjusted for all periods presented for the effects of the unit split converted to stock. Refer to Note 12 and 13 for additional information. 
 Secondary Offerings 
 On September 15, 2020, the Company completed an offering of shares of Class A common stock, par value per share, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to additional shares of Class A common stock, at a public offering price of per share. The shares were sold by certain stockholders of the Company (the Selling Stockholders ). The Company did not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the shares by the Selling Stockholders. The estimated offering expenses of approximately million is payable by the Company and recorded in Other general expenses within the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). Immediately subsequent to the closing of the secondary offering, Class B common stockholders converted shares of Class B common stock into Class A common stock. In addition, the secondary offering triggered a change in performance criteria, in which certain performance-vested restricted stock awards and stock options vested as a result of the secondary offering. Refer to Note 12 and 13 for additional information. 
 On January 26, 2021, the Company completed an offering of shares of Class A common stock, par value per share, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to additional shares of Class A common stock, at a public offering price of per share. The shares were sold by certain of the Selling Stockholders. The Company did not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the shares by those Selling Stockholders. In connection with the offering, the Company incurred approximately million in expenses. 
 On June 1, 2021, the Company completed an offering of shares of Class A common stock, par value per share, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to additional shares of Class A common stock, at a public offering price of per share. The shares were sold by certain of the Selling Stockholders. The Company did not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the shares by those Selling Stockholders. In connection with the offering, the Company incurred approximately million in expenses . 
 
 F-8 
 million, due to the cumulative impact of adopting Topic 606. The adoption of ASC 606 did not have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-9 
 million, million and million for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 The Company records deferred revenue when cash payments are received or due in advance of the Company s performance. million , million and million for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. million, million, and million, for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. F-10 
 or more of the Company s total net sales in 2021, 2020 and 2019 were as follows: 

At September 30, 2021, customers accounted for or more of gross trade receivables Customer A was , Customer B was and Customer C was . At September 30, 2020, customers accounted for or more of gross trade receivables Customer A was , Customer B was and Customer C was . 
 For each year ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, approximately , and , respectively, of the Company s materials purchases were purchased from its largest supplier. 
 F-11 
 years 

Building and improvements 

7-40 years 

Manufacturing equipment 

1-15 years 

Office furniture and equipment 

3-12 years 

Vehicles 

years 

Computer equipment 

3-7 years 

Leasehold improvements are recorded at cost and depreciated over the standard life of the type of asset or the remaining life of the lease, whichever is shorter. Equipment held under capital leases is stated at the lower of the fair value of the asset or the net present value of the future minimum lease payments at the inception of the lease. For equipment held under capital leases, depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the leased assets or the related lease term and is included within depreciation expense. 
 PP&E is evaluated for impairment at the asset group level. If a triggering event suggests that a potential impairment has occurred, recoverability of these assets is assessed by evaluating whether or not future estimated undiscounted net cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the assets. If the estimated cash flows are less than the carrying amount, the assets are written down to their fair value through an impairment loss recognized as a non-cash component of Operating income (loss) within the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). The Company did not record an impairment charge for the years ended September 30, 2020, 2019 or 2018. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recognized a million loss on disposal of fixed assets in the ordinary course of business, the loss related to assets in the Residential segment. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company recognized a million loss on disposal of fixed assets in the ordinary course of business, million loss related to assets in the Residential segment and million gain related to assets in the Commercial segment. During the year ended September 30, 2019, the Company recognized a million loss on disposal of fixed assets, million related to corporate assets and million related to assets in the Residential segment. These losses are classified as Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment in a separate caption within the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) within Operating income (loss) . See Note 9 Leases for additional information. F-12 
 reporting units and a quantitative assessment for of the reporting units. The Company completed the annual goodwill impairment tests as of August 1, 2020 and 2019, using a quantitative assessment approach. As a result of these respective annual assessments, the Company noted that the fair value of each reporting unit was determined to be in excess of the carrying value and as such, there were no impairment charges for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. Refer to Note 6 for additional information. to , reflecting the pattern in which the economic benefits are consumed or otherwise used up. The Company evaluates whether events or circumstances have occurred that warrant a revision to the remaining useful lives of intangible assets. In cases where a revision is deemed appropriate, the remaining carrying amounts of the intangible assets are amortized over the revised remaining useful lives. 
 The Company evaluates amortizable intangible assets for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the assets may not be fully recoverable. 
 If a triggering event suggests that a potential impairment has occurred, recoverability of these assets is assessed by evaluating the probability that future estimated undiscounted net cash flows will be less than the carrying amount of the long-lived assets. If the estimated cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the long-lived assets, the assets are written down to their fair value through an impairment loss recognized as a non-cash component of Operating income (loss) . The Company did not record an impairment charge for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. Refer to Note 6 for additional information. F-13 
 F-14 
 million, due to the cumulative impact of adopting the standard. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. Refer to Note 16 for additional information. 
 On October 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASU No. 2018-13, Disclosure Framework-Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement, which amends Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement. This standard modifies the disclosure requirements for fair value measurements by removing, modifying, or adding certain disclosures. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On October 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASC 842 (Leases) using the transition method introduced by ASU 2018-11, which does not require revisions to comparative periods. Adoption of the new standard resulted in the recording of lease assets and lease liabilities of approximately million and million, respectively, as of October 1, 2020. The difference between the lease assets and lease liabilities primarily relates to accrued rent and unamortized lease incentives recorded in accordance with the previous leasing guidance. As of the adoption date, accumulated deficit within shareholder's equity on our consolidated balance sheet decreased by million, primarily related to the derecognition of build-to-suit leasing arrangements. The new standard did not materially impact our consolidated statements of income or cash flows. 
 On October 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326), and the subsequent amendments The standard sets forth an expected credit loss model which requires the measurement of expected credit losses for financial instruments based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This replaces the existing incurred loss model and is applicable to the measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost, and certain off-balance sheet credit exposures. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On October 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): The standard aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The adoption of the standard did not have a material impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On October 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848), The standard provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting principles to contract modifications and hedging relationships, subject to meeting certain criteria, that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. The adoption of the standard did not have a material impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740) Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. This standard simplifies the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to general principles in Topic 740 and clarifying and amending existing guidance. For public entities, the amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim 
 F-15 
 million, million and million as of September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and contra trade receivables of million, million and million as of September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

Rebate expense 

Rebate payments 

Ending balance 

The Company records deferred revenue when cash payments are received or due in advance of the Company s performance. 
 
 F-16 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Total inventories 

. 

Buildings and improvements 

Capital lease building 

Capital lease manufacturing equipment 

Capital lease vehicles 

Manufacturing equipment 

Computer equipment 

Furnitures and fixtures 

Vehicles 

Total property, plant and equipment 

Construction in progress 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total property, plant and equipment net 

The Company is considered the owner, for accounting purposes only, of leased office space, as it had taken on certain risks of construction build cost overages above normal tenant improvement allowances. Accordingly, the estimated fair value of the leased property was million as of September 30, 2020. The corresponding lease financing obligation was million as of September 30, 2020. Upon adoption of ASC 842, the Company derecognized build-to-suit assets and liabilities. Refer to Note 1 - Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for further information. 
 Depreciation expense was approximately million, million and million in the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. During the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, million and million of interest was capitalized, respectively. Accumulated amortization for assets under capital leases was million as of September 30, 2020. Accumulated amortization for the assets under the build-to-suit lease was million as of September 30, 2020. 

F-17 

Acquisitions 

Goodwill as of September 30, 2021 

Accumulated impairment losses as of September 30, 2020 

Accumulated impairment losses as of September 30, 2021 

Intangible assets, net 
 The Company does not have any indefinite lived intangible assets other than goodwill as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Trademarks 

5 20 

Customer relationships 

15 19 

Patents 

10 

Other intangible assets 

3 15 

Total intangible assets 

As of September 30, 2020 

Lives in 
 Years 

Gross 
 Carrying 
 Value 

Accumulated 
 Amortization 

Net 
 Carrying 
 Value 

Propriety knowledge 

10 15 

Trademarks 

5 20 

Customer relationships 

15 19 

Patents 

10 

Other intangible assets 

3 15 

Total intangible assets 

Amortization expense was approximately million, million and million for the years September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, the remaining weighted average amortization period for acquired intangible assets was years. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

F-18 

Provision 

Bad debt write-offs 

Acquisitions 

Ending balance 

Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 

Freight 

Professional fees 

Marketing 

Warranty 

Construction in progress 

Capital lease 

Lease liability operating 

Lease liability finance 

Other 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

at September 30, 2021) and LIBOR + at September 30, 2020), 

Revolving Credit Facility through - at September 30, 2021 and at September 30, 2020 

2021 Senior Notes due Fixed at 

Total 

Less unamortized deferred financing fees 

Less unamortized original issue discount 

Less current portion 

Long-term debt less current portion and unamortized 
 financing fees 

As of September 30, 2021, the Company scheduled fiscal year debt payment on the Term Loan Agreement as million in the year 2024. No other debt payments are due by the Company in any other fiscal year. 
 F-19 
 million outstanding under the Term Loan Agreement. The Term Loan Agreement matures on . 
 The obligations under the Term Loan Agreement are secured by a first priority security interest in the membership interests of CPG International LLC owned by the Company and substantially all of the present and future assets of the borrowers and guarantors named therein including equity interests of their domestic subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions, (the Term Loan Priority Collateral and a second priority lien on current assets. The obligations under the Term Loan Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and the wholly owned domestic subsidiaries of CPG International LLC other than certain immaterial subsidiaries and other excluded subsidiaries. 
 On February 2, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to the Term Loan Agreement. The amendment effected a repricing of the Applicable Margin under the Term Loan Agreement, through reducing to , (ii) the to and (iii) the Applicable Margin with respect to any Effective Date to in the case of any Eurocurrency Loan and by to in the case of any ABR Loan . The Applicable Margin may be reduced by a further 25 basis points in respect of both Eurocurrency Loans and ABR Loans during any period that the Borrower maintains specified public corporate family ratings. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this paragraph are as defined in the Term Loan Agreement. 
 Following the amendment, the Term Loan Agreement provides for interest on outstanding principal thereunder at a fluctuating rate, at CPG International LLC s option, for (i) alternative base rate ABR borrowings, the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate as of such day plus 50 basis points, (b) the prime commercial lending rate announced as of such day by the Administrative Agent as defined in the Term Loan Agreement, as the prime rate as in effect on such day and (c) the LIBOR as of such day for a deposit in U.S. dollars with a maturity of one month plus 100 basis points, provided that in no event shall the ABR be less than 175 basis points, plus the applicable margin of 150 basis points per annum or (ii) for Eurocurrency borrowings, the highest of (a) the LIBOR in effect for such interest period divided by one, minus the statutory reserves applicable to such Eurocurrency borrowing, if any, and (b) 75 basis points, plus the applicable margin of 250 basis points per annum. 
 In connection with the February 2, 2021 amendment, the Company recognized million in interest expense in the year ended September 30, 2021 related to the write-off of unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs. The Company incurred million in lender fees which, together with million in remaining unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs, have been recorded as a reduction of long-term debt and are being amortized over the remaining contractual life of the Term Loan Agreement using the effective interest method. In addition, the Company also incurred million in various third-party fees and expenses related to the amendment to the Term Loan Agreement, which were recorded to interest expense in the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 As of September 30, 2021, and September 30, 2020, unamortized deferred financing fees related to the Term Loan Agreement were million and million, respectively. The Term Loan Agreement may be voluntarily prepaid in whole, or in part, in each case without premium or penalty (other than the Prepayment Premium (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement), if applicable), subject to certain customary conditions. 
 The Term Loan Agreement requires mandatory prepayments of the term loans thereunder from certain debt issuances, certain asset dispositions (subject to certain reinvestment rights) and a percentage of excess cash flow (subject to step-downs upon CPG International LLC achieving certain leverage ratios). At September 30, 2021, excess cash flow payment was required based on the current leverage ratio. CPG International LLC is required to repay the outstanding principal amount under the Term Loan Agreement in equal to of the aggregate principal amount under the Term Loan Agreement outstanding on the amendment date of June 18, 2018 and such quarterly payments may be reduced as a result of prepayments. Based on prepayments of million made during the year ended September 30, 2020 with the IPO proceeds, CPG International LLC has prepaid all of the quarterly principal payments through maturity. The Company s next scheduled principal payment on the term loan is due in fiscal year 2024. The Term Loan Agreement restricts payments of dividends unless certain conditions are met, as defined in the Term Loan Agreement. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 CPG International LLC has also entered into a revolving credit facility, as amended and restated from time to time (the Revolving Credit Facility ), with certain of our direct and indirect subsidiaries and certain lenders party thereto. The Revolving Credit Facility provides for maximum aggregate borrowings of up to million, subject to an asset-based borrowing base. The borrowing base is limited to a set percentage of eligible accounts receivable and inventory, less reserves that may be established by the administrative agent and the collateral agent in the exercise of their reasonable credit judgment. 
 F-20 
 million and million of outstanding letters of credit held against the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively. CPG International LLC had approximately million available under the borrowing base for future borrowings as of September 30, 2021. CPG International LLC also has the option to increase the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility by up to million, subject to certain conditions. 
 On March 31, 2021, CPG International LLC amended the Revolving Credit Facility, resulting in a repricing and extension thereof. Pursuant to such amendment, the , (b) the and (c) the , based on average historical availability, or (ii) , based on average historical availability . The maturity date for the Revolving Credit Facility was extended from to the earlier of and the date that is 91 days prior to the maturity of the Term Loan Agreement or any permitted refinancing thereof. 
 In connection with the March 31, 2021 amendment, the Company recognized million in interest expense in the year ended September 30, 2021 related to the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs. The Company incurred million in lender and third-party fees which, together with million in remaining unamortized debt issuance costs, have been recorded as other assets and are being amortized over the remaining contractual life of the facility on a straight-line basis. Deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization, related to the Revolving Credit Facility at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 were million and million, respectively. 
 A commitment fee accrues on any unused portion of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility during the preceding three calendar month period. The commitment fees were million, million and million for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 The obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are guaranteed by the Company and its wholly owned domestic subsidiaries other than certain immaterial subsidiaries and other excluded subsidiaries. The obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the accounts receivable, inventory, deposit accounts, securities accounts and cash assets of the Company, CPG International LLC and the subsidiaries of CPG International LLC that are guarantors under the Revolving Credit Facility, and the proceeds thereof (subject to certain exceptions) (the Revolver Priority Collateral ), plus a second priority security interest in all of the Term Loan Priority Collateral. The Revolving Credit Facility may be voluntarily prepaid in whole, or in part, in each case without premium or penalty. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility contains affirmative covenants that are customary for financings of this type, including allowing the Revolver Administrative Agent to perform periodic field exams and appraisals to evaluate the borrowing base. The Revolving Credit Facility contains various negative covenants, including limitations on, subject to certain exceptions, the incurrence of indebtedness, the incurrence of liens, dispositions, investments, acquisitions, restricted payments, transactions with affiliates, as well as other negative covenants customary for financings of this type. The Revolving Credit Facility also includes a financial maintenance covenant, applicable only when the excess availability is less than the greater of . In such circumstances, CPG International LLC would be required to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio (as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility) for the trailing four quarters equal to at least to subject to CPG International LLC s ability to make an equity cure (no more than twice in any four quarter period and up to five times over the life of the facility). As of September 30, 2021, CPG International LLC was in compliance with the financial and nonfinancial covenants imposed by the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility also includes customary events of default, including the occurrence of a change of control. 
 2021 Senior Notes 
 The 2021 Senior Notes were issued on September 30, 2013, in an aggregate principal amount of million, and had a maturity of . The 2021 Senior Notes bore interest at the rate of per annum payable in cash semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year (computed based on a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months). The obligations under the 2021 Senior Notes were guaranteed by CPG International LLC and those of its subsidiaries that also guarantee the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Agreement. The redemption price of the 2021 Senior Notes (expressed as percentages of the principal amount to be redeemed) declined to the par value of the 2021 Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest based on the schedule below. 
 F-21 

2017 

2018 

2019 and thereafter 

The indenture relating to the 2021 Senior Notes contained negative covenants that are customary for financings of this type. The indenture did not contain any financial maintenance covenants. As of September 30, 2020, CPG International LLC was in compliance with the negative covenants imposed by the 2021 Senior Notes and the indenture. 
 In connection with the 2025 Senior Notes offering, the Company issued a redemption notice on May 7, 2020 for the full million of outstanding 2021 Senior Notes, which were redeemed on . The Company also paid million in accrued interest and recognized a million loss on the extinguishment in the Loss on the extinguishment of debt within the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). As of September 30, 2019, the unamortized deferred financing fees related to the 2021 Senior Notes consisted of million. 
 2025 Senior Notes 
 On May 12, 2020, the Company issued million of 2025 Senior Notes with a maturity of , and interest was payable on May 15 and November 15 of each year. The Company had the option to redeem all or a portion of the 2025 Senior Notes at any time on or after May 15, 2022 at certain redemption prices, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, before May 15, 2022, the Company had the option to (i) redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Senior Notes with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2025 Senior Notes redeemed, (ii) redeem (x) up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Senior Notes or (y) all of the 2025 Senior Notes with the proceeds from a Qualified IPO at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2025 Senior Notes redeemed or (iii) redeem some or all of the 2025 Senior Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount plus a make-whole premium, in the case of each of (i), (ii) and (iii), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

2023 

2024 and thereafter 

On June 8, 2020, the Company used the proceeds of the million 2025 Senior Notes offering to redeem the 2021 Senior Notes in full and to repay million of the outstanding principal amount under the Revolving Credit Facility, and other general corporate purposes. On June 16, 2020, the Company used part of its net proceeds from the IPO to redeem million in aggregate principal of the outstanding 2025 Senior Notes, paid million in accrued interest and recognized a million loss on the extinguishment in the Loss on extinguishment of debt within the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 F-22 

2021 Senior Notes 

2025 Senior Notes 

Revolving Credit Facility 

Other 

Amortization 

Debt issue costs 

Term Loan Agreement 

2021 Senior Notes 

2025 Senior Notes 

Revolving Credit Facility 

Original issue discounts 

Less capitalized interest 

Interest expense 

Refer to Note 10 for information pertaining to the fair value of the Company s debt as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. Warranty coverage depends on the product involved. 

Adjustments to reserve 

Warranty claims payment 

Accretion purchase accounting valuation 

Ending balance 

Current portion of accrued warranty 

Accrued warranty less current portion 

million to record the operating lease right-of-use assets and the related liabilities as of October 1, 2020. Under this method of adoption, the comparative information in the Consolidated Financial Statements has not been revised and continues to be reported under the previously applicable lease accounting guidance (ASC 840). Upon adoption of the new leasing standard, the Company reassessed the build-to-suit leases and derecognized million in assets and million in corresponding financing liabilities. At September 30, 2021, these leases are included within the million of operating lease right-of-use assets and related liabilities. 
 At September 30, 2020, leases classified as capital leases under ASC 840 of million were included in Property, plant and equipment, net. At September 30, 2021, finance leases, which were previously classified as capital leases under ASC 840, are now included in Other assets. The adoption did not affect the balance sheet classification of the capital lease obligations (known as finance lease liabilities effective October 1, 2020). 
 F-23 
 year to years. For the Boise facility lease, the renewal options were included in the determination of lease term resulting in a finance lease classification. The options to extend or terminate a lease are at our discretion . We have elected to take the practical expedient and not separate lease and non-lease components of contracts. We estimate our incremental borrowing rate to discount the lease payments based on information available at lease commencement because the implicit rate of the lease is generally not known. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees. 

Finance lease assets 
 
 Other assets 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities 

Current 

Operating 
 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Finance 
 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Non-Current 

Operating 
 
 Other non-current liabilities 

Finance 
 
 Other non-current liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

Finance lease amortization of assets 

Finance lease interest on lease liabilities 

Short term 

Sublease income 

Total lease expense 

F-24 

Finance leases - Operating cash flows 

Finance leases - financing cash flows 

Leased assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

Leased assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) 
 
 As of September 30, 2021 

Operating leases 

7.8 

Finance leases 

32.2 

Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 As of September 30, 2021 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Maturities of Lease Liabilities 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present Value of lease liability 

F-25 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 

Total Payments 

Less amount representing interest 

Present value of minimum capital lease payments 

Total rent expense was approximately million and million for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The future minimum sublease income under a noncancelable sublease was million at September 30, 2020. 

F-26 
 
 The fair values of the debt instrument was determined using trading prices between qualified institutional buyers therefore, are classified as Level 2. 
 In connection with the acquisition of WES, LLC and Ultralox Technology, LLC (together, Ultralox on December 20, 2017, the Company provided a contingent payment to the employees of Ultralox. The contingent payment was based on achievement of a minimum EBITDA amount and a multiple of EBITDA, for EBITDA exceeding a higher threshold for calendar year 2018. Based on the formula, the potential minimum of the contingent payment was and the potential maximum was million. During the year ended September 30, 2019, the Company paid the former owners of Ultralox million as partial settlement of the original contingent liability. At the acquisition date, the fair value was estimated to be million. Of the fair value, million is accounted for as contingent consideration in conjunction with the acquisition related to the non-employee owners, and the remaining million (which was subsequently adjusted downward to million due to changes in the estimated fair value of the contingent payment) was recognized as compensation expense from date of acquisition through June 30, 2018 related to the employee owners, who forfeit their share of the contingent payment if not employed through that date. 
 The contingent payment made was based on achievement of a minimum EBITDA amount and a multiple of EBITDA, for EBITDA exceeding a higher threshold for calendar 2018. The Company classified the contingent liability as Level 3, due to the lack of observable inputs. Significant assumptions made by the Company included a central estimate of EBITDA and EBITDA volatility of . Changes in assumptions could have an impact on the payout of the contingent consideration payout amount. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2019, the Company amended the earnout agreement to include two additional payments totaling million to the former owners of Ultralox that are contingent upon the employee owners continued employment through December 31, 2018 and 2019. These additional earnout payments were recognized as compensation expense over the required employment periods, because they are contingent upon future service from the date of the amendment. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company paid the remaining million as settlement of the amended earnout agreement. 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Less contingent payments 

Compensation expense recognized 

Ending balance 

For the year ended September 30, 2019, million was included in Non-cash compensation expense in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. reportable segments, Residential and Commercial. The reportable segments were determined primarily based on products and end markets as follows: 

Residential The Residential segment manufactures and distributes decking, railing, trim and accessories through a national network of dealers and distributors and multiple home improvement retailers providing extensive geographic coverage and enabling the Company to effectively serve contractors. The additions of Ultralox and Versatex are complementary to the Residential segment railing and trim businesses, respectively. The recent addition of Return Polymers provides a full-service recycled PVC material processing, sourcing, logistical support, and scrap management programs. This segment is impacted by trends in and the strength of home repair and remodel activity. 

Commercial The Commercial segment manufactures, fabricates and distributes resin based extruded sheeting products for a variety of commercial and industrial applications through a widespread distribution network as well as directly to 

 F-27 

Adjusted EBITDA 

Capital Expenditures 

Depreciation and 
 Amortization 

Goodwill 

Total Assets 

Years Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Segment Adjusted EBITDA 

Residential 

Commercial 

Total Adjusted EBITDA for reporting segments 

Unallocated net expenses 

Adjustments to income (loss) before income tax provision 
 (benefit) 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation costs 

Business transformation costs (1) 

Acquisition costs (2) 

Initial public offering and secondary offering costs (3) 

Other costs (4) 

Capital structure transaction costs (5) 

Interest expense 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

1 
 
 Business transformation costs reflect consulting and other costs related to repositioning of brands of million for fiscal year, 2019, compensation costs related to the transformation of the senior management team of million and million for fiscal years 2020 and 2019, respectively, costs related to the relocation of the Company s corporate headquarters of million for fiscal year 2019, start-up costs of the Company s new recycling facility of million for fiscal year 2019, and other integration-related costs of million for fiscal year 2019. 

2 
 
 Acquisition costs reflect costs directly related to completed acquisitions of million and million for fiscal years 2020 and 2019, respectively, and inventory step-up adjustments related to recording the inventory of acquired businesses at fair value on the date of acquisition of million for fiscal year 2020. 

3 
 
 Initial public offering costs includes million in fees related to the Secondary offering of class A common stock in fiscal year 2020. 

4 
 
 Other costs reflect costs for legal expenses of million, million and million for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, impact of the retroactive adoption of ASC 842 leases of million for fiscal year 2021, reduction in workforce costs of million for fiscal year 2020, income from an insurance recovery of legal loss of million for fiscal year 2019, and costs related to an incentive plan and other ancillary expenses associated with the initial public offering of million and million for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 F-28 
 million for the 2021 Senior Notes and million for the 2025 Senior Notes for fiscal year 2020 . 
 shares of its Class A common stock, including shares pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option. The shares were sold at an IPO price of per share for net proceeds to the Company of approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million and offering expenses of approximately million payable by the Company. 
 Immediately prior to the completion of the IPO, the Company converted to a Delaware corporation from a limited liability company. The Company s certificate of incorporation provides for two classes of common stock: Class A common stock and Class B common stock. In addition, the certificate of incorporation authorizes shares of undesignated preferred stock, the rights, preferences and privileges of which may be designated from time to time by the board of directors. The Company is authorized to issue up to billion shares of Class A common stock, up to 1 hundred million shares of Class B common stock and up to million shares of preferred stock, each par value per share, in one or more series. Holders of The Company s Class A common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AZEK. 
 In conjunction with the Corporate Conversion and prior to the closing of the IPO, the Company effected a unit split of its then-outstanding unit, resulting in an aggregate of units, including Class A units and Class B units. Concurrently with the Corporate Conversion, the units were converted to an aggregate of shares of common stock, including shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock. In addition, a class of the Company s former indirect parent s partnership interests referred to as Profits Interests were exchanged for an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class A restricted stock, and shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of stock options. 
 On September 15, 2020, the Company completed an offering of shares of Class A common stock, par value per share, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to additional shares of Class A common stock, at a public offering price of per share. The shares were sold by the Selling Stockholders. The Company did not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the shares by the Selling Stockholders. The estimated offering expenses of approximately million is payable by the Company and recorded in Other general expenses within the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). Immediately subsequent to the closing of the secondary offering, Class B common stockholders converted shares of Class B common stock into Class A common stock. 
 On January 26, 2021, the Company completed an offering of shares of Class A common stock, par value per share, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to additional shares of Class A common stock, at a public offering price of per share. The shares were sold by certain of the Selling Stockholders. The Company did not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the shares by those Selling Stockholders. In connection with the offering, the Company incurred approximately million in expenses. 
 On June 1, 2021, the Company completed an offering of shares of Class A common stock, par value per share, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to additional shares of Class A common stock, at a public offering price of per share. The shares were sold by certain of the Selling Stockholders. The Company did not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the shares by those Selling Stockholders. In connection with the offering, the Company incurred approximately million in expenses. 
 At September 30, 2021, the following amounts were issued and outstanding: shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock. The Company has not issued any shares of preferred stock. F-29 
 shares with shares remaining in the reserve. The total aggregate number of shares may be adjusted as determined by the Board of Directors. 
 As part of the Corporate Conversion, the Company modified its terms and conditions of the performance-based awards by changing the vesting conditions. The change was treated as a modification under ASC 718, Stock Compensation, in which the fair value of the performance based awards was measured at the modification date and compared to the fair value of the modified award immediately prior to the modification, with the difference resulting in incremental compensation expense. As a result of the incremental fair value of the modified awards, the Company recognized million in incremental compensation cost in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), for the year ended September 30, 2020. 
 Subsequent to the IPO, the Company participated in a non-dilutive secondary offering, which resulted in certain performance based awards accelerated vesting. Included in the million, the Company recognized million related to the accelerated vesting in compensation cost in the Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), for the year ended September 30, 2020. 
 On February 4, 2021, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors authorized certain changes to our Chief Financial Officer s CFO stock-based awards which are expected to be effective in connection with his retirement and contingent on the successful transition to his successor. These changes contemplate a retirement eligibility provision which is expected to allow certain awards to continue to vest in due course following retirement and extend the exercisability of the outstanding and exercisable stock options to the end of the contractual term of the options. This resulted in a Type III Modification (improbable to probable) as defined in accounting guidance, accounted for as a cancellation of the original award and a new grant under the revised terms, resulting in million of share-based compensation expense in the fiscal year 2021. 
 Stock-based compensation expense for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively, recognized in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). Total income tax benefit for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, the Company had not yet recognized compensation cost on unvested stock-based awards of million, with a weighted average remaining recognition period of years. 
 The Company uses the Monte Carlo pricing model to estimate the fair value of its performance-based awards as of the grant date, and uses the Black Scholes pricing model to estimate the fair value of its service-based awards as of the grant date. Under the terms of the 2020 Plan, all stock options will expire if not exercised within of the grant date. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (in years) 

0.50 

Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

0.56 -0.81 

0.47 -0.56 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (in years) 

6.00 

6.25-7.00 

Expected dividend yield 

F-30 
 
 Stock Options 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled/Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 

8.3 

Vested and exercisable at September 30, 2021 

8.3 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled/Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 

8.6 

Vested and exercisable at September 30, 2021 

8.5 

The intrinsic value of the Company s stock options exercised in the year ended September 30, 2021 was million. The intrinsic value of stock options exercised in fiscal year 2020 was immaterial. 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding and unvested at September 30, 2021 

F-31 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding and unvested at September 30, 2021 

Performance Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Performance restricted stock units were granted to officers and certain employees of the Company and represent the right to earn shares of Company common stock based on the achievement of company-wide non-GAAP performance conditions, including cumulative net sales, average return on net tangible assets and cumulative EBITDA during the three-year performance period. Compensation cost is amortized into expense over the performance period, which is generally three years, and is based on the probability of meeting performance targets. The fair value of each performance share award is based on the average of the high and low stock price on the date of grant. 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding and unvested at September 30, 2021 

of his or her salary, within dollar limitations set forth by the ERISA guidelines. The 401(k) Plans match employee pre-tax and Roth IRA contributions. The Company matches of the first 1 of employee contributions, plus of the next 5 of employee contributions. 
 The Company s contributions to the plans totaled million, million and million, for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. F-32 

Net income (loss) attributable to common 
 stockholders basic and diluted 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares of common 
 stock basic and diluted 

basic 

diluted 

Net income (loss) attributable to common 
 stockholders: 

basic 

diluted 

Stock Options 

Restricted Stock Units 

State and local 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State and local 

Total deferred 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

F-33 
 , for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, due to the following (in thousands): 

2021 

Rate 

2020 

Rate 

2019 

Rate 

Income tax benefit / federal statutory rate 

State and local taxes net of federal benefit 

Increase in valuation allowance 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-deductible transaction costs 

Executive compensation 

Federal research and development credit 

Meals and entertainment 

Other 

Income tax expense (benefit) / effective tax rate 

The effective income tax rate was for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to for the year ended September 30, 2020. The 2021 effective income tax rate was positively impacted by return to provision benefit related to the Company s R&D tax credit and state taxes offset by non-deductible compensation costs offset. 

State loss carryforwards and other benefits 

Inventory reserves 

Warranty reserves 

Legal reserves 

Accrued expenses 

Disallowed interest carryforward 

Stock-based compensation 

Federal research and development credit 

Lease liabilities 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangible assets net 

Property, plant and equipment 

Right-of-use assets 

Indemnification receivable related to warranty reserves 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liability 

At September 30, 2021, the Company has approximately million (gross of tax) of net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes which begin to expire after and million of net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes that have an indefinite carryforward period. Additionally, the Company has approximately million of net operating loss carryforwards for state and local tax purposes, which expire in varying amounts beginning in 2022 and through . Utilization of the NOL carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and similar state law due to ownership changes that could occur in the future. These ownership changes may limit the amount of carryforwards that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income. The valuation allowance was determined in accordance with the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes , which requires that a valuation allowance be established and maintained when management s analysis indicates it is not more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will be realized. The valuation allowance for certain net deferred tax assets of million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, is attributable to the uncertainty as to the realization of state deferred tax assets related to Pennsylvania state tax loss carryforwards at certain U.S. subsidiaries of the Company (CPG International LLC and Scranton Products, Inc.). 
 F-34 

Expense 

Ending balance 

Unrecognized tax benefits related to prior years 

Unrecognized tax benefits related to the current year 

Ending balance 

Unrecognized tax benefits of million and million are recorded as an offset to certain non-current deferred tax assets at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total liabilities associated with the unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the Company s effective tax rate were million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 When applicable, the Company s practice is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain income tax positions in income tax expense. For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 the amounts recognized by the Company for interest and penalties were not material. The corresponding liability recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 was also not material. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries file U.S. federal income tax returns. The Company and its subsidiaries federal income tax returns for tax years 2016 and beyond are open tax years subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS ). The Company also has net operating loss carry-forwards from prior to 2016, which are subject to examination upon future utilization of such losses. The Company and its subsidiaries also file income tax returns in various state jurisdictions, as appropriate, with varying statutes of limitation. These returns are not material to the consolidated income tax provision. 
 US Tax Reform Legislation 
 On December 22, 2017, the President of the United States signed into law H.R. 1, comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act ). Except for certain provisions, the Tax Act is effective for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2018. As a fiscal year U.S. taxpayer, the majority of the provisions, such as new limitations on certain business deductions, including the limitation on the Company s interest expense deduction, applied to the Company beginning in fiscal year 2019. For fiscal year 2018 and effective in the three months ended December 31, 2017, the most significant impact included: lowering of the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate and remeasuring certain net deferred tax assets and liabilities. The phase in of the lower corporate income tax rate resulted in a blended rate of for fiscal year 2018, as compared to the previous rate of . The tax rate was reduced to in subsequent fiscal years. Because the Company has net operating loss carry-forwards and was not expected to owe federal tax in the fiscal year 2018 tax return, the remeasurement of deferred taxes and the annual effective tax rate for the period are calculated using the future federal tax rate of 21 . In the year ended September 30, 2018, the Company recorded a million net income tax benefit for the remeasurement of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Company s effective tax rate was significantly impacted by the recognition of this remeasurement. 
 In December 2017, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 SAB 118 which provided guidance on how companies should account for the tax effects related to the Tax Act. According to SAB 118, companies were to make a good faith effort to compute the impact of the Tax Act in a timely manner once the company obtained, prepared, and analyzed the information needed to complete their accounting requirements under ASC 740. The measurement period for SAB 118 ended December 22, 2018, and companies are now required to report the impact of the Tax Act using existing tax law and other sources of authority. The Company was able to record the impact of the Tax Act without using the measurement period provisions of the Tax Act. The material elements of the Tax Act are reflected in the rate reconciliation as final. 
 Certain law changes from the Tax Act require the Company to analyze new items including, but not limited to, limitations on interest deductions and accelerated cost recovery of fixed assets. The Company has made policy decisions as to how to account for the 
 F-35 
 million limitation imposed on deductions for executive compensation paid by publicly-traded corporations. As a result, the limitation now applies to the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, the three other highest compensated employees and any employee who was a covered employee for any taxable year beginning after 2016. The Tax Act also eliminated the exception to this rule for commission or performance-based compensation paid to these covered employees. This new provision generally does not apply to compensation paid pursuant to a written contract in effect on or before November 3, 2017 that is not materially modified or renewed. Based on this new provision, since the Company became publicly traded in June 2020, it is now required to adjust the Deferred Tax Asset related to future stock compensation deductions for amounts that it does not expect it will be able to deduct in the future. The Company will continue to analyze executive compensation in future periods and adjust the Deferred Tax Asset for limitations of estimated future compensation deductions as information becomes available. 
 The Company adopted ASU No. 2016-16 , Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory , on October 1, 2019. The updated guidance requires companies to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. Income tax effects of intra-entity transfers of inventory will continue to be deferred until the inventory has been sold to a third party. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. million through the calendar year ending December 31, 2022. As of September 30, 2021, and 2020, the Company had committed to purchase million and million of equipment, respectively. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 In the normal course of the Company s business, it is at times subject to pending and threatened legal actions, in some cases for which the relief or damages sought may be substantial. Although the Company is not able to predict the outcome of such actions, after reviewing all pending and threatened actions with counsel and based on information currently available, management believes that the outcome of such actions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or financial position. However, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of such matters, if unfavorable, may be material to the Company s results of operations in a particular future period as the time and amount of any resolution of such actions and its relationship to the future results of operations are not currently known. In evaluating whether to accrue for losses associated with legal or environmental contingencies, it is our policy to take into consideration factors such as the facts and circumstances asserted, our historical experience with contingencies of a similar nature, the likelihood of our prevailing and the severity of any potential loss. For some matters, no accrual is established because we have assessed our risk of loss to be remote. Where we have determined that the risk of loss is probable and such losses are reasonably estimable, we record an accrual. While we regularly review the status of, and our estimates of potential liability associated with, the contingencies to determine the adequacy of any associated accruals and related disclosures, the ultimate amount of loss may differ from our estimates. 
 Loss Contingencies 
 On June 18, 2018, the Company acquired Versatex. In connection with a contingent liability assumed by the Company in the acquisition, the Company recorded a contingent liability of million as a measurement period adjustment to the opening balance sheet related to the assumption of a contingency related to an automobile accident involving a Versatex employee prior to the acquisition. The case was fully settled during the year ended September 30, 2020 and payment of million was made by the Company s insurer to the claimants. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2019, the Company was made aware of a worker s compensation case that became reasonably possible to give rise to a liability. The case is in discovery as the nature and extent of the Company s exposure is currently being determined. The Company expects a range of loss of million to million. 
 F-36 
 million. The Company had previously recorded a reserve in the same amount during the quarter ended March 31, 2017. The Company maintains specialty insurance policies. The Company filed claims under its insurance policies to recover the loss and legal defense costs. During the year ended September 30, 2019, the Company received million as settlement of its claims under the specialty insurance policies. The settlement of million is included in operating income for the year ended September 30, 2019. 

Gross profit (2) 

Net income (loss) (2) 

Net income (loss) per 
 common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Three Months Ended 

September 
 30, 2020 

June 30, 
 2020 

March 
 31, 2020 

December 
 31, 2019 

Net sales (1) 

Gross profit 

Net income (loss) (2) 

Net income (loss) per 
 common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

(1) 
 
 Net sales are impacted by seasonality as the Company has typically experienced moderately higher levels of sales of residential products in the second fiscal quarter of the year as a result of early buy sales. Net sales are also generally impacted by the number of days in a quarter or a year that contractors and other professionals are able to install products. This can vary dramatically based on, among other things, weather events such as rain, snow and extreme temperatures. The Company has generally experienced lower levels of sales of residential products in the first fiscal quarter due to adverse weather conditions in certain markets, which typically reduce the construction and renovation activity during the winter season. In addition, the Company has experienced higher levels of sales of bathroom partition products and locker products during the second half of a fiscal year, which includes the summer months when schools are typically closed and therefore are more likely to undergo remodel activities. 

(2) 
 
 As a result of our adoption of ASC 842 as of October 1, 2020 (Note 1), quarterly amounts presented in our prior Forms 10-Q were revised. The impact of the adjustments was immaterial to gross profit and net income for the first, second and third quarters of fiscal year 2021, respectively . Refer to footnote 9 for further details of the adoption. 

F-37 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized 
 and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021 
 and September 30, 2020, respectively 

Class A common stock, par value shares authorized, 
 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021, and 
 issued and outstanding at September 30, 2020 

Class B common stock, par value 
 shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 
 at September 30, 2021 and 2020 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

Net income (loss) of subsidiaries 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

The AZEK Company Inc. did not have any cash as of September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, accordingly a Statement of Cash Flows has not been presented. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The parent company financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes thereto. For purposes of this condensed financial information, the Company s wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries are recorded based upon its proportionate share of the subsidiaries net assets (similar to presenting them on the equity method). 
 Since the restricted net assets of The AZEK Company Inc. and its subsidiaries exceed of the consolidated net assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, the accompanying condensed parent company financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 12-04, Schedule 1 of Regulation S-X. This information should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-38 
 
 Dividends from Subsidiaries 
 There were cash dividends paid to The AZEK Company Inc. from the Company s consolidated subsidiaries during each of the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 Restricted Payments 
 CPG International LLC is party to the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Agreement originally executed on September 30, 2013, both of which have been amended and extended from time to time. The obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan Agreement are secured by substantially all of the present and future assets of the borrowers and guarantors, including equity interests of their domestic subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. 
 The obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and its wholly owned domestic subsidiaries other than certain immaterial subsidiaries and other excluded subsidiaries. CPG International LLC is not permitted to make certain payments unless those payments are consistent with exceptions outlined in the agreements. These payments include repurchase of equity interests, fees associated with a public offering, income taxes due in other applicable payments. Further, the payments are only permitted if certain conditions are met related to availability and fixed charge coverage as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility and described in Note 8 to these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-39 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 azek-ex43_506.htm
 EX-4.3

azek-ex43_506.htm

Exhibit 4.3 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The Class A common stock of The AZEK Company Inc. is registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act The following description of our Class A common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.3 is a part. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in such Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Authorized Common Stock 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides for two classes of common stock: Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Our authorized shares of Class A common stock consist of 1,200,000,000 shares, all with a par value of 0.001 per share, of which 1,100,000,000 shares are designated as Class A common stock and 100,000,000 shares are designated as Class B common stock. 
 Voting Rights 
 Each share of our Class A common stock entitles its holder to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders. Each share of our Class B common stock entitles its holder to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by stockholders, except with respect to the election, removal or replacement of directors. Shares of our Class B common stock do not entitle the holders thereof to vote with respect to the election, removal or replacement of directors. There is no cumulative voting. 
 Dividend Rights 
 The holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to receive, and will share ratably in, dividends when and as declared by our board of directors from legally available sources, subject to the prior rights of the holders of our preferred stock, if any. 
 Conversion Rights 
 Holders of our shares of Class B common stock may convert their shares of Class B common stock into shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at their option. Additionally, each share of Class A common stock is convertible into one share of Class B common stock at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder so long as such holder holds one or more shares of Class B common stock at the time of conversion. 
 Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 Our Class A common stock and Class B common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights. The rights of the holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of our preferred stock that our board of directors may designate and issue in the future. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders would be distributable ratably among the holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock and any participating preferred stock outstanding at that time after payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock and payment of claims of creditors. 
 Anti-Takeover Statute 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that we are not governed by Section 203 of the DGCL which, in the absence of such provisions, would have imposed additional requirements regarding mergers and other business combinations. 
 However, our certificate of incorporation includes a provision that restricts us from engaging in any business combination with an interested stockholder for three years following the date that person becomes an interested 

stockholder. These restrictions do not apply to any business combination involving our Sponsors or any affiliate of either of our Sponsors or their respective direct and indirect transferees, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 
 Additionally, we would be able to enter into a business combination with an interested stockholder if: 

before that person became an interested stockholder, our board of directors approved the transaction in which the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder or approved the business combination; 

upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the interested stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) stock held by directors who are also officers of our Company and by employee stock plans that do not provide employees with the right to determine confidentially whether shares held under the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

following the transaction in which that person became an interested stockholder, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 of our outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

 In general, a business combination is defined to include mergers, asset sales and other transactions resulting in financial benefit to a stockholder and an interested stockholder is any person who, together with affiliates and associates, is the owner of 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock or is our affiliate or associate and was the owner of 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock at any time within the three-year period immediately before the date of determination. 
 Listing 
 Our Class A common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol AZEK . 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.14>
 3
 azek-ex1014_476.htm
 EX-10.14

azek-ex1014_476.htm

Exhibit 10.14 
 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement ), dated as of the 20 th day of August, 2019, and effective as of the Hire Date (as defined below), by and between CPG International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company doing business as The Azek Company LLC Employer and Paul Kardish Executive ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, Employer desires to procure the services of Executive as its Chief Legal Officer and Executive is willing to be employed by the Employer, upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth; and 
 WHEREAS, in order to protect the business, confidential and proprietary information, trade secrets and good will of the Employer, the Employer desires to obtain certain confidentiality, non-competition and non-solicitation covenants from Executive and Executive desires to agree to such covenants in exchange for the benefits described in this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, intending to be legally bound, and for good and valuable consideration, the Employer and Executive hereby agree as follows: 
 
 PROVISIONS 
 
 1. Term and Duties . The term of this Agreement shall commence on September 1, 2019 (the Hire Date and continue during Executive's employment with the Employer and thereafter for those provisions designed to survive employment. Executive's employment shall be at-will and may be terminated by either party pursuant to Section 4. Executive acknowledges that Executive has continuing obligations under this Agreement including, but not limited to, Sections 5, 6, 7 and 21, in the event that Executive's employment is terminated, regardless of reason. Executive shall serve as the Employer's Chief Legal Officer. Executive's title/position may change over the course of this Agreement by the Employer at its discretion subject to the terms herein. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Executive shall devote Executive's best efforts and abilities to the performance of Executive's duties on behalf of the Employer and to the promotion of its interests consistent with and subject to the direction of the Chief Executive Officer of Employer. 
 2. Exclusivity . Executive shall devote all of Executive's business time, energies, attention and abilities to the operation of the business of the Employer and shall not be actively involved in any other trade or business or as an employee of any other trade or business. Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive owes a fiduciary duty of loyalty, fidelity and allegiance to act at all times in the best interests of the Employer and to do no act which would directly or indirectly injure the Employer's business, interests, or reputation. In keeping with Executive's fiduciary duties to the Employer, the Employer agrees that Executive shall not become involved in a conflict of interest with the Employer, or upon discovery thereof, allow such a conflict to continue. Moreover, Executive shall not engage in any activity that might involve a possible conflict of interest without first obtaining approval from the Employer. It is understood that the foregoing provisions of this Section 2 are not intended to prevent Executive from serving on the board of directors or in a similar capacity for another religious, charitable or community organization, provided such service does not substantially interfere with the performance by Executive of his duties and responsibilities hereunder or violate Sections 5, 6 or 7 of this Agreement. 

3. Compensation . 
 (a) Base Compensation . In consideration of the services to be rendered by Executive, the Employer shall pay to Executive base compensation at a rate of 400,000 per year Base Compensation (pro-rated for any partial years). The Base Compensation shall be paid to Executive in accordance with the Employer s standard payroll policies. Executive s Base Compensation may be increased from time to time by the Employer at its discretion subject to the terms herein. Executive shall not be entitled to receive the salary and benefits that are associated with the offered position unless Executive first executes and agrees to be bound by this Agreement. 
 (b) Annual Bonus . Executive will be eligible to participate in any annual bonus program made available to senior executives of the Employer (the Bonus Plan ), which as of the date of this Agreement is the Key Employee Management Incentive Plan. Executive s target bonus opportunity under the Bonus Plan for each year shall equal sixty percent (60 of the Base Compensation. The actual annual bonus paid for any year shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Bonus Plan. 
 (c) Benefits . During Executive s employment, Executive shall be eligible to participate in such benefit programs offered by the Employer as are offered to senior executives of Employer (except in the case of equity-based incentive plans), including but not limited to the Employer s group health insurance and 401(k) plans, subject in each case to the generally applicable terms and conditions of the plan, benefit or program in question. All matters of eligibility for coverage or benefits under any benefit plan or Employer policy shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of such plan or policy. The Employer reserves the right to change, alter or terminate any benefit in its sole discretion. Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks vacation and sick leave per calendar year (pro-rated for any partial years), to be used subject to the terms of the Employer s applicable policies and procedures. The Employer will reimburse Executive for all reasonable and necessary travel, entertainment and other business expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of Executive s duties upon the presentation of reasonably itemized statements of such expenses in accordance with Employer s applicable policies or procedures with respect to senior executives of Employer. 
 (d) Relocation and Sign-On Bonuses . As soon as practicable following the Hire Date, the Employer shall pay to Executive a one-time cash relocation bonus award equal to 125,000 (grossed up for applicable taxes) for relocation (the Relocation Bonus ). On the first payroll date after 30 days of completed employment, the Employer shall pay to Executive a one-time cash sign-on bonus award equal to 100,000, less applicable taxes (the Sign-on Bonus ). In the event that Executive resigns his employment prior to the first anniversary of the Hire Date, Executive will be rquired to repay the entire after-tax value of such Relocation Bonus and Sign-on Bonus. 
 
 (e) Equity Participation . The Employer will recommend that the board of directors of AOT Building Products GP Corp. authorize and approve a grant of 2,000 Profits Interests in AOT Building Products L.P. to you, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of AOT Building Products, L.P., dated as of September 30, 2013, among AOT Building Products GP Corp., Ares Corporate Opportunities Fund IV, L.P., 2384590 Ontario Limited and the other signatories thereto and the applicable LP Interest Agreement, promptly after the date of this Agreement. 
 
 4. Termination of Employment . 
 (a) The Employer may terminate Executive s employment for any reason or no reason. If Executive s employment is terminated for any reason, the Employer shall be obligated to pay Executive all earned but unpaid Base Compensation through the date of termination, unpaid expense reimbursements to which Executive is entitled and accrued but unused vacation (the Accrued Amounts ). If Executive s employment is terminated by the Employer other than for Cause, the Employer shall be obligated, in addition to 

the payment of the Accrued Amounts, to continue to pay to Executive the Executive s Base Compensation at the rate then in effect for a period of twelve (12) months following the termination date (the Termination Payments ). Employer s obligation to make the Termination Payments shall be conditioned upon i Executive s compliance with the covenants set forth in Section 7 (the Post-Employment Restrictions and Executive s obligations with respect to Employer s Confidential Information (as defined below) and (ii) Executive s execution, delivery and non-revocation of a valid and enforceable general release of claims in a form reasonably acceptable to Employer (the Release that becomes effective within sixty (60) days following the date of termination of employment. Subject to Section 4(b), the Termination Payments shall be paid in equal installments over the twelve-month period following Executive s termination of employment on the Employer s regular payroll dates commencing on the first payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after the date of termination of employment, with the first such payment including the aggregate amount that would have been paid to Executive during the first sixty (60) days following the date of termination had the delay provided herein not applied. The Accrued Amounts shall be paid within sixty (60) days following the termination date. 
 
 (b) If Executive is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, any payments required to be made pursuant to this Section 4 which are subject to Section 409A shall not commence until six (6) months from the termination date, with the first payment to be equal to the aggregate amount that would have been paid to Executive under this Section 4 during the first six (6) months immediately following the termination date had this Section 4(b) not been applicable. Each installment of the Termination Payments shall be considered a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Employer shall not be liable for, and nothing provided or contained in this Agreement will be construed to obligate or cause the Employer to be liable for, any tax, interest or penalties imposed on Executive related to or arising with respect to any violation of Section 409A. 
 
 (c) The foregoing payments upon termination of Executive s employment as described in this Section 4 shall constitute the exclusive severance payments due to Executive upon a termination of Executive s employment. For the avoidance of doubt, Executive is not entitled to any Termination Payments in the event that Executive resigns (regardless of reason). 
 
 (d) Cause as used herein shall mean Executive s (i) commission of an act which constitutes common law fraud, embezzlement (other than occasional, customary and de minimis use of Employer s property for personal purposes) or a felony, an act of moral turpitude, or of any tortious or unlawful act causing material harm to Employer s business, standing or reputation or the business, standing or reputation of any of Employer s Affiliates; (ii) gross negligence in the performance of Executive s duties hereunder; (iii) breach of Executive s duty of loyalty or care to Employer or any of its Affiliates; (iv) other misconduct that is materially detrimental to Employer or any of its Affiliates; (v) refusal or failure to perform Executive s duties or the deliberate and consistent refusal to conform to or follow any reasonable policy adopted by the Employer, in each case after receiving written notice describing Executive s noncompliance and being given ten (10) business days to cure (to the extent curable) such non-compliance; (vi) breach of this Agreement or any other agreement with or for the benefit of Employer or any of its Affiliates to which Executive is a party or by which Executive is bound, which breach is not cured (to the extent curable) within ten (10) business days following written notice from Employer; or (vii) Executive s death or disability in which Executive cannot perform the essential functions of Executive s job with or without a reasonable accommodation. 
 
 5. Nondisclosure of Confidential Information. 
 (a) Executive recognizes and acknowledges that the Employer and its Affiliates (defined below) continually obtain and develop Confidential Information (defined below). During Executive s employment and at all times thereafter, Executive will hold in strictest confidence and will not disclose, use, or 

publish any of the Confidential Information, except as such disclosure, use or publication may be required in connection with Executive s work for the Employer. If at any time (including after termination of Executive s employment with the Employer), a person, entity, governmental agency, or a court of competent jurisdiction requests or demands that Executive disclose Confidential Information, to the extent permitted under applicable law or regulation, Executive will promptly notify the Employer, and will cooperate with the Employer or its Affiliates in their efforts to prevent or limit such disclosure. Disclosure of Confidential Information by Executive or by anyone else, whether done intentionally or inadvertently, will not affect Executive s continuing obligations under this Agreement as to the disclosed Confidential Information. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Executive s obligation to protect Confidential Information shall not prohibit Executive from disclosing matters that are protected under any applicable whistleblower laws, including reporting possible violations of laws or regulations, or responding to inquiries from, or testifying before, any governmental agency or self-regulating authority, all without notice to or consent from the Employer. Executive is hereby notified that the immunity provisions in Section 1833 of title 18 of the United States Code provide that an individual cannot be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a trade secret that is made (1) in confidence to federal, state or local government officials, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and is solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of the law, (2) under seal in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, or (3) to Executive s attorney in connection with a lawsuit for retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of law (and the trade secret may be used in the court proceedings for such lawsuit) as long as any document containing the trade secret is filed under seal and the trade secret is not disclosed except pursuant to court order. 
 
 (b) Confidential Information as used herein includes, but is not limited to, the Employer and its Affiliates trade secrets, proprietary information and confidential information which may include, but is not limited to, technical information, such as methods, processes, formulas, compositions, inventions, product development, product designs, computer programs, special hardware, product hardware, related software development, research projects, improvements, systems methods and other confidential technical data, and business information, such as sales, sales volume, sales methods, sales proposals, customers and prospective customers, identity of key purchasing personnel in the employ of customers and prospective customers, proposals, sales leads, profit margins, service reports, amount or kind of customers purchases from the Employer and/or its Affiliates, sources of supply, supply costs, system documentation, pricing data and policies (including general price lists and prices charged to specific customers), and business methods, strategies, production or merchandising systems or plans. 
 
 (c) Affiliates as used herein includes, but is not limited to, CPG Building Products LLC, WES, LLC (including UltraLox Technology, LLC), CPG Sub I Corporation, Scranton Products Inc. (including Sanatec Sub I Corporation and Santana Products Inc.), Vycom Corp. and Versatex Building Products LLC and any other entities that are subsidiaries of or otherwise affiliated with the Employer on or after the date of this Agreement. 
 
 6. Assignment of Intellectual Property . Executive assigns to the Employer any rights Executive may have or acquire in the Confidential Information, and in any other intellectual property developed by Executive in whole or in part while employed by Executive, including without limitation any development rights, drawings, patents, copyrights, and the like. Executive agrees that all such intellectual property is the sole property of the Employer and its assigns. Executive irrevocably designates and appoints the Employer and its duly authorized officers and agents as Executive s agent and attorney in fact, which appointment is coupled with an interest, to act for and on Executive s behalf to execute, verify, and file any documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of this assignment, with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Executive. 

7. Post-Employment Restrictions . In order to protect the business interests and good will of the Employer and its Affiliates and to protect the Confidential Information, and in consideration of the provisions of this Agreement, Executive covenants and agrees as follows: 
 (a) Non-solicitation of Customers or Prospective Customers . Executive agrees that during Executive s employment and for the twenty four (24) month period following Executive s termination from employment with the Employer (regardless of reason), Executive will not, as an agent or employee, or on behalf of any person or entity, directly or indirectly (1) solicit, attempt to obtain business from, accept business from, do business with or service any Customers or Prospective Customers (except that this non-solicitation provision shall not apply if Executive is acting on the Employer s behalf), (2) induce or attempt to induce any Customer or Prospective Customer to terminate or reduce its relationship or otherwise cease doing business in whole or in part with the Employer or any of its Affiliates or (3) interfere with any relationship, contractual or otherwise, between the Employer or any of its Affiliates and any of its Customers or Prospective Customers. 
 
 (i) Customer as used herein shall mean any person or entity that procured any products or services from the Employer or any of its Affiliates during the preceding two (2) years. 
 (ii) Prospective Customers as used herein shall mean any person or entity that Executive, Employer or the Affiliates solicited, contacted and/or communicated with on the behalf of the Employer or any of its Affiliates for business purposes during the preceding two (2) years. 

(b) 
 
 Non-solicitation of Employees and Independent Contractors . 

 (i) Executive agrees that during Executive s employment with the Employer and for the twenty four (24) month period following termination of Executive s employment (regardless of reason), Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, induce or attempt to induce any Employee to terminate employment, hire or participate in the hiring of any Employee or interfere with or attempt to disrupt the relationship, contractual or otherwise, between the Employer or any of the Affiliates and any 
 Employee. Employee as used herein shall mean any person employed by the Employer or any of its Affiliates or any person who was employed by the Employer or any of its Affiliates during the one (1) year preceding Executive s termination from employment. 
 (ii) Executive agrees that during Executive s employment and for the twenty four (24) month period following Executive s termination from employment with the Employer (regardless of reason), Executive will not, directly or indirectly, induce or attempt to induce any person or entity who is engaged by the Employer or any of its Affiliates as an independent contractor to terminate or change its relationship with the Employer or its Affiliates. 
 
 (c) Non-Competition . Executive agrees that during Executive s employment with the Employer and for the twenty four (24) month period following termination of Executive s employment (regardless of reason), Executive shall not engage, directly or indirectly, whether as a consultant, independent contractor, agent, representative, employee, advisor, owner (except in the case of passive ownership of less than five percent (5 of any publicly traded corporation) or otherwise, alone or in association with any other person, corporation or other entity, in any Competing Business in the United States. 
 
 (i) Competing Business shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, business or other entity that provides or attempts to provide any products or services that are the same or similar to any products or services offered, under development or planned to be offered by the Employer or any of its Affiliates. 

(ii) Executive acknowledges that the restrictions set forth in this Section extend nationwide. Executive further acknowledges that the geographic limitation in the restriction set forth above is reasonable because the Employer and the Affiliates offer their products and services and/or plan to offer their products and services throughout this geographic market. Executive further covenants and agrees that the geographic scope, length of term and types of activities restricted (including non-competition restrictions) contained in this Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Employer and the Affiliates because of the scope of the Employer s business and its relationship with the Affiliates, which share Confidential Information on a need-to-know basis. Executive acknowledges that these non-competition restrictions are reasonable and necessary and will not prevent Executive from being gainfully employed. 
 
 (d) Enforceability . If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that one or more of these Post-Employment Restrictions are so broad as to be unenforceable, then such provision is to be reduced in scope or length, as the case may be, to the extent required to make it enforceable. The foregoing is not an admission or evidence that any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement are unreasonable. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 7 is intended to restrict Executive s ability to provide legal advice in accordance with applicable rules of professional responsibility. 
 (e) Tacking . If Executive violates any of the above Post-Employment Restrictions, the time period for such restriction will be extended by that number of days which equals the aggregate of all days during which at any time any such violations occurred. 
 
 (f) Notification by the Employer . Executive consents to the Employer and any of its Affiliates providing notice to any person or entity regarding Executive s Post-Employment Restrictions under this Agreement. 
 
 (g) Forfeiture of Termination Payments . In the event Executive violates the Post-Employment Restrictions or confidentiality obligations as set forth in this Agreement in any way, Executive s right to receive or retain any Termination Payment, as described in Section 4, immediately ceases, and Executive must forfeit and return to the Employer all Termination Payments paid after the date of the first violation. 
 
 8. Return of Employer Property . Upon termination of Executive s employment for any reason, Executive will deliver to the Employer any and all Employer equipment and property, access codes, documents, drawings, notes, memoranda, specifications, devices and formulas, together with all copies thereof, and any other material (including, but not limited to, email messages and other material in electronic format) containing or disclosing any Confidential Information or other information regarding the Employer. 
 
 9. Consideration . Executive acknowledges and agrees that the consideration set forth in the recitals to this Agreement and the rights and benefits hereunder are all and singularly valuable consideration, which is sufficient for any or all of Executive s covenants set forth herein. 
 
 10. No Prior Agreements . Executive represents and warrants that Executive s performance of all the terms of this Agreement does not and shall not breach any fiduciary or other duty or any covenant, agreement or understanding (including, without limitation, any agreement relating to any proprietary information, knowledge or data acquired in confidence, trust or otherwise) to which Executive is a party or by the terms of which she may be bound. Executive further covenants and agrees not to enter into any agreement or understanding, either written or oral, in conflict with the provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 11. Equitable Relief . Executive stipulates and agrees that any breach of Sections 5, 6, 7 and 21 of this Agreement by Executive will result in immediate and irreparable harm to the Employer and the Affiliates, 

the amount of which will be extremely difficult to ascertain, and that the Employer and the Affiliates could not be reasonably or adequately compensated by damages in an action at law. For these reasons, the Employer and the Affiliates shall have the right, without objection from Executive, to obtain such preliminary, temporary or permanent injunctions or restraining orders or decrees as may be necessary to protect the Employer and the Affiliates against, or on account of, any breach by Executive of the provisions of this Agreement without requiring the Employer or the Affiliates to post any bond. Such right to equitable relief is in addition to all other legal remedies the Employer and the Affiliates may have to protect their rights. 
 
 12. Withholding . All amounts paid to Executive under this Agreement shall be subject to withholding and other employment taxes imposed by applicable law. Executive shall be solely responsible for the payment of all taxes imposed on him relating to the payment or provision of any amounts or benefits hereunder. 
 
 13. Notices . All notices, requests, consents and demands by the parties hereto shall be delivered by hand, by confirmed facsimile transmission, by recognized national overnight courier 
 
 service or by deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed to the party to be notified at the addresses set forth below: 
 
 if to Executive: 
 
 At the address on file with the Employer 

if to the Employer: 
 
 The AZEK Company 
 1330 West Fulton Street 
 Suite 350 
 Chicago, Illinois 660607 
 Attn: Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 Notices shall be effective immediately upon personal delivery or facsimile transmission, one (1) business day after deposit with an overnight courier service or three (3) business days after the date of mailing thereof. Other notices shall be deemed given on the date of receipt. Any party hereto may change the address specified herein by written notice to the other parties hereto. 
 14. Entire Agreement . This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties with respect to its subject matter and supersedes and merges all prior or contemporaneous discussions or agreements, whether written or oral, regarding the subject matter of this Agreement. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party to be charged. Any subsequent change or changes in Executive s duties, salary, or benefits will not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement. 
 15. Severability . In the event that any provision of this Agreement or application thereof to anyone or under any circumstance is found to be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction to any extent for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or application of this Agreement which can be given effect without the invalid or unenforceable provision or application and shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision or application in any other jurisdiction. 

16. Remedies; Waiver . No remedy conferred upon Employer by this Agreement is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, and each and every such remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to any other remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity. No delay or omission by Employer in exercising any right, remedy or power hereunder or existing at law or in equity shall be construed as a waiver thereof, and any such right, remedy or power may be exercised by the party possessing the same from time to time and as often as may be deemed expedient or necessary by such party in its sole discretion. 
 17. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which shall constitute one instrument. It shall not be necessary in making proof of this Agreement or any counterpart hereof to produce or account for any of the other counterparts. 
 
 18. Choice of Law, Jurisdiction and Venue . This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its principles of conflicts of law. Executive shall be receiving resources and Confidential Information from Delaware and agrees to its laws governing this Agreement. The parties further agree that the state and federal courts sitting in Wilmington, Delaware shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any dispute arising from or relating to this Agreement unless the Employer, in its sole discretion, brings a claim in another court of competent jurisdiction. Each party consents to the personal jurisdiction and venue of any such federal or state court. Executive irrevocably waives Executive s right to object to or challenge the above selected forum on the basis of inconvenience or unfairness. 
 
 19. Successors and Assigns . The Employer shall have the right to assign this Agreement to a successor or assign, and Executive agrees to be obligated by this Agreement to any successor, assign or surviving entity. Any successor to or assignee of the Employer is an intended third-party beneficiary to this Agreement. Executive may not assign this Agreement. Employer further acknowledges and agrees that the Affiliates are third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement and shall be entitled to enforce this Agreement and the provisions herein to the extent Executive discloses or misappropriates Confidential Information belonging to them or unfairly competes with or solicits their customers, prospective customers, employees or independent contractors. 
 
 20. Headings . The captions and headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be construed as a part of this Agreement. 
 
 21. Nondisparagement. During Executive s employment and thereafter, Executive shall not make or publish (or assist or participate in the making or publication of) any untruthful, negative or derogatory comments, oral or written, directly, indirectly or by innuendo about the Employer, its officers, directors or employees, as well as the Affiliates and their officers, directors or employees, or otherwise malign the Employer s or its Affiliates businesses or reputations. 
 
 22. Survivability . The terms of Sections 5, 6, 7 and 21 of this Agreement survive the termination of Executive s employment with the Employer for any reason. 
 
 [signature pages follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date and year first above written. 

CPG INTERNATIONAL LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jesse Singh 

Name: Jesse Singh 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

EXECUTIVE 

/s/ Paul Kardish 

Paul Kardish 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.20>
 4
 azek-ex1020_505.htm
 EX-10.20

azek-ex1020_505.htm

Exhibit 10.20 
 THE AZEK COMPANY INC. 2020 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT FOR 
 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 
 This Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Award Agreement evidences an award of restricted stock units RSUs by The AZEK Company Inc., a Delaware corporation AZEK under The AZEK Company Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms not defined in the Award Agreement have the meanings given to them in the Plan. 
 Name of Grantee: ___________________ (the Grantee ). 
 Grant Date: ___________ (the Grant Date ). 
 Number of RSUs: ____________________ 

Vesting Dates: 
 
 100 of the RSUs shall vest on the earlier of (a) the first anniversary of the Grant Date and (b) the date of the Company s next annual meeting of stockholders following the Grant Date (the Vesting Date ). 

 The RSUs will vest only if the Grantee is, and has been, continuously serving as a non-employee Director on AZEK s board of directors (the Board from the Grant Date through the Vesting Date, and any unvested RSUs will be forfeited upon any termination of the Grantee s service as a non-employee Director for any reason. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing and any provision in the Plan: 

A. 
 
 Upon a Change in Control, any outstanding, unvested RSUs will immediately vest as of the date of such Change in Control. 

Delivery Date: 
 
 No later than 30 days after the Vesting Date (or, if earlier, the date of a Change in Control), AZEK will issue to the Grantee one share of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share (each, a Share ), of AZEK for each vested RSU, subject to applicable tax withholding as provided in Section 3.2 of the Plan (the date on which the Shares are so issued, the Delivery Date ). 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Grantee has made a timely deferral election with respect to all or a portion of the RSUs in accordance with the Director Compensation Deferral Election form provided to Grantee, the Delivery Date shall be adjusted in accordance with such election. 

Dividend Equivalents 
 
 On each Delivery Date, AZEK will pay to the Grantee a cash 

and Voting: 
 
 amount equal to the product of (x) all cash dividends or other distributions (other than cash dividends or other distributions pursuant to which the RSUs were adjusted pursuant to Section 1.6.3 of the Plan), if any, paid on a Share from the Grant Date to the applicable Delivery Date and (y) the number of Shares delivered to the Grantee on the applicable Delivery Date (including for this purpose any Shares which would have been delivered on the applicable Delivery Date but for being withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations). The Grantee will have no voting rights with respect to any of the Shares underlying any RSUs until such Shares are issued and delivered to the Grantee and the Grantee s name is entered as a stockholder of record on the books of AZEK. 

Section 409A: 
 
 Payments under this Award Agreement are intended to be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code Section 409A to the extent applicable, and this Award Agreement shall be administered accordingly. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Award Agreement, to the extent that any payment under this Award Agreement is determined by AZEK to constitute non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A and is payable to the Grantee by reason of termination of the Grantee s service as a non-employee Director, then (a) such payment shall be made to the Grantee only upon a separation from service as defined for purposes of Section 409A under applicable regulations and (b) if the Grantee is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and as determined by AZEK), such payment shall not be made before the date that is six months after the date of the Grantee s separation from service (or the Grantee s earlier death). Each payment under this Award Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. 

Tax Representations; 
 
 The Grantee is advised to review with his/her own tax advisors the 

Withholding: 
 
 federal, state and local tax consequences of receiving the RSUs. The Grantee hereby represents to AZEK that he/she is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of AZEK, its Affiliates or any of their respective agents. If, in connection with the RSUs, AZEK is required to withhold any amounts by reason of any federal, state or local tax, such withholding shall be effected in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan. If the RSUs vest prior to payment, then the Grantee agrees to cooperate with AZEK to satisfy any tax withholding obligations, in such manner as determined by the Compensation Committee Committee in its sole discretion. 

Transfer Restrictions: 
 
 The Grantee may not sell, exchange, transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise encumber the RSUs or the Shares underlying the RSUs, other than to the extent provided in Section 3.5 of the Plan. 

Amendment: 
 
 The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Agreement, except that the Committee shall not make any amendment in a manner unfavorable to the Grantee (other than if immaterial), without the Grantee s consent. Any amendment of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and signed by an authorized member of the Committee or a person or persons designated by the Committee. 

Governing Law: 
 
 This Award Agreement shall be deemed to be made under, and in all respects be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of law principles. 

 All Other Terms: As set forth in the Plan. 
 The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. Except as otherwise set forth in the Award Agreement, the Award Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the RSUs. In the event that any provision of the Award Agreement is inconsistent with the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. By accepting this Award, the Grantee agrees to be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 This Award Agreement may be executed in counterparts, which together will constitute one and the same original. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and effective as of the Grant Date. 
 THE AZEK COMPANY INC. 
 
 By: 
 Name: 
 Title: 

[Participant Name] 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.22>
 5
 azek-ex1022_504.htm
 EX-10.22

azek-ex1022_504.htm

Exhibit 10.22 
 THE AZEK COMPANY INC. 2020 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 This Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Award Agreement evidences an award of restricted stock units RSUs by The AZEK Company Inc., a Delaware corporation AZEK under The AZEK Company Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms not defined in the Award Agreement have the meanings given to them in the Plan. 
 Name of Grantee: [Participant Name] (the Grantee ). 
 Grant Date: [Grant Date] (the Grant Date ). 
 Number of RSUs: [Number of Awards Granted] 

Vesting Dates: 
 
 The RSUs shall vest to the extent earned in accordance with Annex A attached hereto (the date on which the RSUs vest, the Vesting Date ). 

 The RSUs will vest only if the Grantee is, and has been, continuously employed by AZEK from the Grant Date through the Vesting Date, and any unvested RSUs will be forfeited upon any termination of Employment for any reason. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing and any provision in the Plan: 

A. 
 
 Upon a termination of Employment due to death or Disability, a pro rata portion of the RSUs (based on the time elapsed from the beginning of the vesting period in Annex A through the Grantee s date of termination) will remain outstanding and be eligible to vest on the Vesting Date as if the Grantee had remained Employed through the Vesting Date; 

B. 
 
 Upon an involuntary termination of Employment by AZEK without Cause or by the Grantee for Good Reason (as may be defined in the Employment Agreement), and subject to the Grantee s continued compliance with any restrictive covenants in any employment or other agreement with AZEK, a pro rata portion of the RSUs (based on the time elapsed from the beginning of the vesting period in Annex A through the Grantee s date of termination) will remain outstanding and be eligible to vest on the Vesting Date as if the Grantee had remained Employed through the Vesting Date; and 

C. 
 
 Upon a termination of Employment by AZEK without Cause or by the Grantee for Good Reason (as may be defined in the 

Employment Agreement , on or within 24 months following a Change in Control, any outstanding, unvested RSUs will immediately vest as of the date of such termination. 

Delivery Date: 
 
 No later than 30 days after the Vesting Date (or, if earlier, the date of the Grantee s termination of Employment without Cause or for Good Reason, as may be defined in the Employment Agreement, on or within 24 months following a Change in Control), AZEK will issue to the Grantee one share of common stock, par value 0.001 per share (each, a Share ), of AZEK for each vested RSU, subject to applicable tax withholding as provided in Section 3.2 of the Plan (the date on which the Shares are so issued, the Delivery Date ). 

Dividend Equivalents 

and Voting: 
 
 On the Delivery Date, AZEK will pay to the Grantee a cash amount equal to the product of (x) all cash dividends or other distributions (other than cash dividends or other distributions pursuant to which the RSUs were adjusted pursuant to Section 1.6.3 of the Plan), if any, paid on a Share from the Grant Date to the Delivery Date and (y) the number of Shares delivered to the Grantee on the Delivery Date (including for this purpose any Shares which would have been delivered on the Delivery Date but for being withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations). The Grantee will have no voting rights with respect to any of the Shares underlying any RSUs until such Shares are issued and delivered to the Grantee and the Grantee s name is entered as a stockholder of record on the books of AZEK. 

Section 409A: 
 
 Payments under this Award Agreement are intended to be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code Section 409A to the extent applicable, and this Award Agreement shall be administered accordingly. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Award Agreement or any employment agreement the Grantee has entered into with AZEK Employment Agreement ), to the extent that any payment under this Award Agreement is determined by AZEK to constitute non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A and is payable to the Grantee by reason of termination of the Grantee s Employment, then (a) such payment shall be made to the Grantee only upon a separation from service as defined for purposes of Section 409A under applicable regulations and (b) if the Grantee is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and as determined by AZEK), such payment shall not be made before the date that is six months after the date of the Grantee s separation from service (or the Grantee s earlier death). 

Each payment under this Award Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. 

Tax Representations; 
 
 The Grantee is advised to review with his/her own tax advisors the 

Withholding: 
 
 federal, state and local tax consequences of receiving the RSUs. The Grantee hereby represents to AZEK that he/she is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of AZEK, its Affiliates or any of their respective agents. If, in connection with the RSUs, AZEK is required to withhold any amounts by reason of any federal, state or local tax, such withholding shall be effected in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan. If the RSUs vest prior to payment, then the Grantee agrees to cooperate with AZEK to satisfy any tax withholding obligations, in such manner as determined by the Compensation Committee Committee in its sole discretion. 

Transfer Restrictions: 
 
 The Grantee may not sell, exchange, transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise encumber the RSUs or the Shares underlying the RSUs, other than to the extent provided in Section 3.5 of the Plan. 

Clawback: 
 
 The RSUs will be subject to any clawback or recapture policy that the Company may adopt from time to time to the extent provided in such policy and, in accordance with such policy, may be subject to the requirement that the RSUs be repaid to the Company after they have been distributed to the Grantee. 

Amendment: 
 
 The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Agreement, except that the Committee shall not make any amendment in a manner unfavorable to the Grantee (other than if immaterial), without the Grantee s consent. Any amendment of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and signed by an authorized member of the Committee or a person or persons designated by the Committee. 

Governing Law: 
 
 This Award Agreement shall be deemed to be made under, and in all respects be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of law principles. 

 All Other Terms: As set forth in the Plan. 
 The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. Except as otherwise set forth in the Award Agreement, the Award Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the RSUs. In the event that any provision of the Award Agreement is inconsistent with the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Except as specifically provided herein, in the event that any provision of this Award Agreement is 

inconsistent with any Employment Agreement, the terms of the Employment Agreement will control. By accepting this Award Agreement, the Grantee agrees to be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 This Award Agreement may be executed in counterparts, which together will constitute one and the same original. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and effective as of the Grant Date. 
 THE AZEK COMPANY INC. 
 By: 
 
 Name: Paul J. Kardish Title: Chief Legal Officer 

[Participant Name] 

Exhibit 10.22 
 
 ANNEX A 
 Vesting Period : A percentage of the number of RSUs set forth in the Award Agreement (ranging from 0-200 of the RSUs) will be earned to the extent that the Performance Measures (set forth below) are achieved for the three fiscal years from October 1, 2020 through September 30, 2023, and the earned RSUs will vest, subject to the continued employment conditions set forth in the Award Agreement, on the date on which the Committee certifies the level at which the Performance Measures were achieved. 
 Performance Measures : 

Weighting 
 
 Threshold (50 of RSUs) 
 
 Target (100 of RSUs) 
 
 Maximum (200 of RSUs) 

Cumulative Net Sales 
 
 45 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 

Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 45 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 

3-Year Average RONTA 
 
 10 

[ ] 

No portion of the RSUs in respect of a Performance Measure will be earned for performance below the threshold level. In the event of performance above threshold and between levels shown in the table above, the level at which a Performance Measure is achieved will be determined based on straight-line interpolation. For the avoidance of doubt, the maximum number of RSUs that may be earned for any Performance Measure equals 200 of the number of RSUs subject to that Performance Measure. 
 Definitions : For purposes of the Performance Measures: 

Average Net Tangible Assets means the Company s reported total assets less intangible assets less liabilities. The quarterly balances will be used to determine a yearly average for each year in the Vesting Period. 

Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA means the Company s cumulative earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and adjustments as deemed appropriate in the Company s annual public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission Adjusted EBITDA for the Vesting Period. 

Cumulative Net Sales means the Company s cumulative net sales as reported in the Company s public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the Vesting Period. 

RONTA means the Company s Adjusted EBITDA less depreciation divided by Average Net Tangible Assets. 

3-Year Average RONTA means the average of the Company s RONTA for each year during the Vesting Period. 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 6
 azek-ex1023_503.htm
 EX-10.23

azek-ex1023_503.htm

Exhibit 10.23 
 THE AZEK Company INC. 2020 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
 This Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (this Award Agreement evidences an award of nonqualified stock options Options by The AZEK Company Inc., a Delaware corporation AZEK under The AZEK Company Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms not defined in the Award Agreement have the meanings given to them in the Plan. 

Name of Grantee: 
 
 [Participant Name] (the Grantee ). 

Grant Date: 
 
 [Grant Date] (the Grant Date ). 

Number of Options: 
 
 [Number of Awards Granted] 
 
 Each Option represents the right to purchase one share of common stock, par value 0.001 (each, a Share ), of AZEK at the Exercise Price set forth below on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

Exercise Price: 
 
 The Exercise Price will be [Grant Price] (the Exercise Price ). 

Vesting Dates: 
 
 A number of Options equal to one-third of the Options (rounded to the nearest whole number) shall vest on each of the first two anniversaries of the Grant Date, and the remaining Options will vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date (each such anniversary, a Vesting Date ). 
 The Options will vest only if the Grantee is, and has been, continuously employed by AZEK from the Grant Date through the applicable Vesting Date, and any unvested Options will be forfeited upon any termination of Employment for any reason. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, and any provision in the Plan: 
 
 A. Upon a termination of Employment due to death or Disability, any unvested Options scheduled to vest within 12 months of the Grantee s date of termination will immediately vest as of the date of such termination; 
 B. Upon an involuntary termination of Employment by AZEK without Cause or, if applicable, by the Grantee for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement), and subject to the Grantee s continued compliance with any restrictive covenants in any employment or other agreement with AZEK, any unvested Options scheduled to vest within 12 months of the Grantee s date of termination will remain outstanding and continue to vest on the applicable Vesting Date as if the Grantee had remained Employed through such applicable Vesting Date; and 
 C. Upon a termination of Employment by AZEK without Cause or, if Grantee has an Employment Agreement containing the right to resign for Good Reason, by the Grantee for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement) on or within 24 months following a Change in Control, any outstanding, unvested Options will immediately vest as of the date of such termination. 

Term: 
 
 The latest date the Option will expire is on the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date (the Expiration Date ). However, in the event the Grantee s Employment terminates for any reason prior to the Expiration Date, vested Options shall remain exercisable for the period as set forth below, unless the Board determines otherwise: 
 Upon a termination of Employment for any reason other than for Cause, Disability or death, the Grantee may exercise the Options until the date that is 90 days following the later of the date of the termination of Employment or the date the Options vest in accordance with the terms of this Award Agreement, but in no event later than the Expiration Date. 
 Upon a termination of Employment for Cause, the Options shall expire and immediately cease to be exercisable upon the date of the termination of Employment. 
 Upon a termination of Employment due to death or Disability, the Options shall expire one year after the date of the termination of Employment, but in no event later than the Expiration Date. 

Exercise of Option: 
 
 Each election to exercise the Option shall be made, in the manner prescribed by the Company, with the third party stock plan administrator appointed by the Company, by the Participant or the Participant's executor, administrator, or legally appointed representative (in the event of the Participant s incapacity) or the person or persons to whom the Option is transferred by will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution (collectively, the Option Holder and received and approved by the Company and third party stock plan administrator, accompanied by this Agreement and payment in full as provided in the Plan. The purchase price shall be paid to the third party stock plan administrator appointed by the Company by either (i) delivery of cash or check; (ii) wire transfer; or (iii) through a broker-assisted cashless exercise program implemented in connection with the Plan. In the event that the Option is exercised by an Option Holder other than the Participant, the Company will be under no obligation to deliver Shares hereunder unless and until it is satisfied as to the authority of the Option Holder to exercise the Option. 
 As soon as reasonably practicable following AZEK s determination that the Option has been validly exercised, AZEK will issue the relevant number of Shares to be allocated to the Grantee, subject to applicable tax withholding as provided in Section 3.2 of the Plan. 

Section 409A: 
 
 It is AZEK s intent that payments under this Award Agreement are exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and that the Award Agreement be administered accordingly. 

Tax Representations; Withholding: 
 
 The Grantee is advised to review with his/her own tax advisors the federal, state and local tax consequences of receiving and exercising the Options. The Grantee hereby represents to AZEK that he/she is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of AZEK, its Affiliates or any of their respective agents. If, in connection with the exercise of the Options, AZEK is required to withhold any amounts by reason of any federal, state or local tax, such withholding shall be effected in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan. 

Transfer Restrictions: 
 
 The Grantee may not sell, exchange, transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise encumber the Options or the Grantee s right under the Options to receive Shares, other than to the extent provided in Section 3.5 of the Plan. 

Clawback 
 
 The Options will be subject to any clawback or recapture policy that the Company may adopt from time to time to the extent provided in such policy and, in accordance with such policy, may be subject to the requirement that the Options be repaid to the Company after they have been distributed to the Grantee. 

Amendment: 
 
 The Compensation Committee Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Agreement, except that the Committee shall not make any amendment in a manner unfavorable to the Grantee (other than if immaterial), without the Grantee s consent. Any amendment of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and signed by an authorized member of the Committee or a person or persons designated by the Committee. 

Governing Law: 
 
 This Award Agreement shall be deemed to be made under, and in all respects be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of law principles. 

All Other Terms: 
 
 As set forth in the Plan. 

The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. Except as otherwise set forth in the Award Agreement, the Award Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the Options. In the event that any provision of the Award Agreement is inconsistent with the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Except as specifically provided herein, in the event that any provision of this Award Agreement is inconsistent with any Employment Agreement, the terms of the Employment Agreement will control. By accepting this Award Agreement, the Grantee agrees to be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 This Award Agreement may be executed in counterparts, which together will constitute one and the same original. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and effective as of the Grant Date. 
 THE AZEK COMPANY INC. 
 By: 
 Name: Paul J. Kardish Title: Chief Legal Officer 

[Participant Name] 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.24>
 7
 azek-ex1024_502.htm
 EX-10.24

azek-ex1024_502.htm

Exhibit 10.24 
 
 THE AZEK COMPANY INC. 2020 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 This Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Award Agreement evidences an award of restricted stock units RSUs by The AZEK Company Inc., a Delaware corporation AZEK under The AZEK Company Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms not defined in the Award Agreement have the meanings given to them in the Plan. 

Name of Grantee: 
 
 [Participant Name] (the Grantee ). 

Grant Date: 
 
 [Grant Date] (the Grant Date ). 

Number of RSUs: 
 
 [Number of Awards Granted] 

Vesting Date: 
 
 A number of RSUs equal to one-third of the RSUs (rounded to the nearest whole number) shall vest on each of the first two anniversaries of the Grant Date, and the remaining RSUs will vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date (each such anniversary, a Vesting Date ). 
 The RSUs will vest only if the Grantee is, and has been, continuously employed by AZEK from the Grant Date through the applicable Vesting Date (such period, the Vesting Period ), and any unvested RSUs will be forfeited upon any termination of Employment for any reason. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing and any provision in the Plan: 
 
 A. Upon a termination of Employment due to death or Disability, a prorated number of the RSUs will immediately vest based on the Grantee s date of termination relative to the length of each applicable Vesting Period; 
 
 B. Upon an involuntary termination of Employment by AZEK without Cause or by the Grantee for Good Reason (as may be defined in the Employment Agreement), and subject to the Grantee s (i) execution of, and without revoking, a release of claims in a form provided by AZEK and (ii) continued compliance with any restrictive covenants in any employment or other agreement with AZEK, any unvested RSUs scheduled to vest within 12 months of the Grantee s date of termination will remain outstanding and continue to vest on the applicable Vesting Date as if the Grantee had remained Employed through such applicable Vesting Date; 
 C. Upon a termination of the Grantee s Employment due to Retirement, any unvested RSUs will remain outstanding and continue to vest on the Vesting Date as if the Grantee had continued to be Employed through the applicable Vesting Date. For this purpose, Retirement will mean a termination of Employment in which the following apply: (1) the sum of Grantee s age plus length of service as of the date of termination equals 65, with a minimum of two years of service and a minimum age of 58, (2) Grantee provided one-year advance notice to AZEK of Retirement, and (3) the Grant Date is not within six months prior to the Grantee s date of termination. As a condition to the continued vesting under this Section, Grantee must execute, and not revoke, a release of claims in a form provided by AZEK and comply with any non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality or other covenants to which Grantee is subject; and 
 D. Upon a termination of Employment by AZEK without Cause or by the Grantee for Good Reason (as may be defined in the Employment Agreement), on or within 24 months following a Change in Control, any outstanding, unvested RSUs will immediately vest as of the date of such termination. 

Delivery Date: 
 
 No later than 30 days after the applicable Vesting Date (or, if earlier, the date of the Grantee s termination of Employment due to death or Disability or such earlier time provided in the Plan in the event of a termination after a Change in Control), AZEK will issue to the Grantee one share of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share (each, a Share ), of AZEK for each vested RSU, subject to applicable tax withholding as provided in Section 3.2 of the Plan (each of the dates on which the Shares are so issued, the Delivery Date ). 

Dividend Equivalents and Voting: 

On each Delivery Date, AZEK will pay to the Grantee a cash amount equal to the product of (x) all cash dividends or other distributions (other than cash dividends or other distributions pursuant to which the RSUs were adjusted pursuant to Section 1.6.3 of the Plan), if any, paid on a Share from the Grant Date to the applicable Delivery Date and (y) the number of Shares delivered to the Grantee on the Delivery Date (including for this purpose any Shares which would have been delivered on the applicable Delivery Date but for being withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations). The Grantee will have no voting rights with respect to any of the Shares underlying any RSUs until such Shares are issued and delivered to the Grantee and the Grantee s name is entered as a stockholder of record on the books of AZEK. 

Section 409A: 
 
 Payments under this Award Agreement are intended to be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code Section 409A to the extent applicable, and this Award Agreement shall be administered accordingly. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Award Agreement or any employment agreement the Grantee has entered into with AZEK Employment Agreement ), to the extent that any payment under this Award Agreement is determined by AZEK to constitute non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A and is payable to the Grantee by reason of termination of the Grantee s Employment, then (a) such payment shall be made to the Grantee only upon a separation from service as defined for purposes of Section 409A under applicable regulations and (b) if the Grantee is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and as determined by AZEK), such payment shall not be made before the date that is six months after the date of the Grantee s separation from service (or the Grantee s earlier death). Each payment under this Award Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. 

Tax Representations; Withholdings: 

The Grantee is advised to review with his/her own tax advisors the federal, state and local tax consequences of receiving the RSUs. The Grantee hereby represents to AZEK that he/she is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of AZEK, its Affiliates or any of their respective agents. If, in connection with the RSUs, AZEK is required to withhold any amounts by reason of any federal, state or local tax, such withholding shall be effected in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan. If the RSUs vest prior to payment, then the Grantee agrees to cooperate with AZEK to satisfy any tax withholding obligations, in such manner as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 

Transfer Restrictions: 

The Grantee may not sell, exchange, transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise encumber the RSUs or the Shares underlying the RSUs, other than to the extent provided in Section 3.5 of the Plan. 

Clawback: 
 
 The RSUs will be subject to any clawback or recapture policy that the Company may adopt from time to time to the extent provided in such policy and, in accordance with such policy, may be subject to the requirement that the RSUs be repaid to the Company after they have been distributed to the Grantee. 

Amendment: 
 
 The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Agreement, except that the Committee shall not make any amendment in a manner unfavorable to the Grantee (other than if immaterial), without the Grantee s consent. Any amendment of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and signed by an authorized member of the Committee or a person or persons designated by the Committee. 

Governing Law: 
 
 This Award Agreement shall be deemed to be made under, and in all respects be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of law principles. 

All Other Terms: 
 
 As set forth in the Plan. 

The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. Except as otherwise set forth in the Award Agreement, the Award Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the RSUs. In the event that any provision of the Award Agreement is inconsistent with the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Except as specifically provided herein, in the event that any provision of this Award Agreement is inconsistent with any Employment Agreement, the terms of the Employment Agreement will control. By accepting this Award, the Grantee agrees to be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 This Award Agreement may be executed in counterparts, which together will constitute one and the same original. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and effective as of the Grant Date. 
 THE AZEK COMPANY INC. 
 
 By: 
 Name: 
 Title: 

[Participant Name] 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.25>
 8
 azek-ex1025_501.htm
 EX-10.25

azek-ex1025_501.htm

Exhibit 10.25 
 THE AZEK COMPANY INC. 2020 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 This Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Award Agreement evidences an award of restricted stock units RSUs by The AZEK Company Inc., a Delaware corporation AZEK under The AZEK Company Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms not defined in the Award Agreement have the meanings given to them in the Plan. 
 Name of Grantee: [ Participant Name] (the Grantee ). 
 Grant Date: [ Grant Date] (the Grant Date ). 
 Number of RSUs: [ Number of Awards Granted] 

Vesting Dates: 
 
 The RSUs shall vest to the extent earned in accordance with Annex A attached hereto (the date on which the RSUs vest, the Vesting Date ). 

 The RSUs will vest only if the Grantee is, and has been, continuously Employed by AZEK from the Grant Date through the Vesting Date, and any unvested RSUs will be forfeited upon any termination of Employment for any reason. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing and any provision in the Plan: 

A. 
 
 Upon a termination of Employment due to death or Disability, a pro rata portion of the RSUs (based on the time elapsed from the beginning of the vesting period in Annex A through the Grantee s date of termination) will remain outstanding and be eligible to vest on the Vesting Date as if the Grantee had remained Employed through the Vesting Date; 

B. 
 
 Upon an involuntary termination of Employment by AZEK without Cause or by the Grantee for Good Reason (as may be defined in the Employment Agreement), and subject to the Grantee s (i) execution of, and without revoking, a release of claims in a form provided by AZEK and (ii) continued compliance with any restrictive covenants in any employment or other agreement with AZEK, a pro rata portion of the RSUs (based on the time elapsed from the beginning of the vesting period in Annex A through the Grantee s date of termination) will remain outstanding and be eligible to vest on the Vesting Date as if the Grantee had remained Employed through the Vesting Date; 

C. 
 
 Upon a termination of Employment by AZEK without Cause or by the Grantee for Good Reason (as may be defined in the Employment Agreement), on or within 24 months following a Change in Control, any outstanding, unvested RSUs will immediately vest as of the date of such termination; and 

D. 
 
 Upon a termination of the Grantee s Employment due to Retirement, a pro rata portion of the RSUs (based on the time elapsed from the beginning of the vesting period in Annex A through the Grantee s date of termination) will remain outstanding and continue to vest on the Vesting Date as if the Grantee had continued to be Employed through the applicable Vesting Date. For this purpose, Retirement will mean a termination of Employment in which the following apply: (1) the sum of Grantee s age plus length of service as of the date of termination equals 65, with a minimum of two years of service and a minimum age of 58, (2) Grantee provided one-year advance notice to AZEK of Retirement, and (3) the Grant Date is not within six months prior to the Grantee s date of termination. As a condition to the continued vesting under this Section, Grantee must execute, and not revoke, a release of claims in a form provided by AZEK and comply with any non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality or other covenants to which Grantee is subject. 

Delivery Date: 
 
 No later than 30 days after the Vesting Date (or, if earlier, the date of the Grantee s termination of Employment without Cause or for Good Reason, as may be defined in the Employment Agreement, on or within 24 months following a Change in Control), AZEK will issue to the Grantee one share of common stock, par value 0.001 per share (each, a Share ), of AZEK for each vested RSU, subject to applicable tax withholding as provided in Section 3.2 of the Plan (the date on which the Shares are so issued, the Delivery Date ). 

Dividend Equivalents 

and Voting: 
 
 On the Delivery Date, AZEK will pay to the Grantee a cash amount equal to the product of (x) all cash dividends or other distributions (other than cash dividends or other distributions pursuant to which the RSUs were adjusted pursuant to Section 1.6.3 of the Plan), if any, paid on a Share from the Grant Date to the Delivery Date and (y) the number of Shares delivered to the Grantee on the Delivery Date (including for this purpose any Shares which would have been delivered on the Delivery Date but for being withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations). The Grantee will have no voting rights with respect to any of the Shares underlying any RSUs until such Shares are issued and delivered to 

the Grantee and the Grantee s name is entered as a stockholder of record on the books of AZEK. 

Section 409A: 
 
 Payments under this Award Agreement are intended to be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code Section 409A to the extent applicable, and this Award Agreement shall be administered accordingly. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Award Agreement or any employment agreement the Grantee has entered into with AZEK Employment Agreement ), to the extent that any payment under this Award Agreement is determined by AZEK to constitute non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A and is payable to the Grantee by reason of termination of the Grantee s Employment, then (a) such payment shall be made to the Grantee only upon a separation from service as defined for purposes of Section 409A under applicable regulations and (b) if the Grantee is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and as determined by AZEK), such payment shall not be made before the date that is six months after the date of the Grantee s separation from service (or the Grantee s earlier death). Each payment under this Award Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. 

 Tax Representations; 

Withholding: 
 
 The Grantee is advised to review with his/her own tax advisors the 

federal, state and local tax consequences of receiving the RSUs. The Grantee hereby represents to AZEK that he/she is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of AZEK, its Affiliates or any of their respective agents. If, in connection with the RSUs, AZEK is required to withhold any amounts by reason of any federal, state or local tax, such withholding shall be effected in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan. If the RSUs vest prior to payment, then the Grantee agrees to cooperate with AZEK to satisfy any tax withholding obligations, in such manner as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 

Transfer Restrictions: 
 
 The Grantee may not sell, exchange, transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise encumber the RSUs or the Shares underlying the RSUs, other than to the extent provided in Section 3.5 of the Plan. 

Clawback: 
 
 The RSUs will be subject to any clawback or recapture policy that the Company may adopt from time to time to the extent provided in such policy and, in accordance with such policy, may be subject to the requirement that the RSUs be repaid to the Company after they have been distributed to the Grantee. 

Amendment: 
 
 The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Agreement, except that the Committee shall not make any amendment in a manner unfavorable to the Grantee (other than if immaterial), without the Grantee s consent. Any amendment of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and signed by an authorized member of the Committee or a person or persons designated by the Committee. 

Governing Law: 
 
 This Award Agreement shall be deemed to be made under, and in all respects be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of law principles. 

 All Other Terms: As set forth in the Plan. 
 The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. Except as otherwise set forth in the Award Agreement, the Award Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the RSUs. In the event that any provision of the Award Agreement is inconsistent with the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Except as specifically provided herein, in the event that any provision of this Award Agreement is inconsistent with any Employment Agreement, the terms of the Employment Agreement will control. By accepting this Award Agreement, the Grantee agrees to be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 This Award Agreement may be executed in counterparts, which together will constitute one and the same original. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and effective as of the Grant Date. 
 THE AZEK COMPANY INC. 
 
 By: 
 Name: 
 Title: 

[Participant Name] 

ANNEX A 
 Vesting Period : A percentage of the number of RSUs set forth in the Award Agreement (ranging from 0-200 of the RSUs) will be earned to the extent that the Performance Measures (set forth below) are achieved for the three fiscal years from October 1, [ ] through September 30, [ ], and the earned RSUs will vest, subject to the continued employment conditions set forth in the Award Agreement, on the date on which the Committee certifies the level at which the Performance Measures were achieved. 
 Performance Measures : 

Weighting 
 
 Threshold (50 of RSUs) 
 
 Target (100 of RSUs) 
 
 Maximum (200 of RSUs) 

Cumulative Net Sales 
 
 45 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 

Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 45 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 

3-Year Average RONTA 
 
 10 

[ ] 

No portion of the RSUs in respect of a Performance Measure will be earned for performance below the threshold level. In the event of performance above threshold and between levels shown in the table above, the level at which a Performance Measure is achieved will be determined based on straight-line interpolation. For the avoidance of doubt, the maximum number of RSUs that may be earned for any Performance Measure equals 200 of the number of RSUs subject to that Performance Measure. 
 Definitions : For purposes of the Performance Measures: 

Average Net Tangible Assets means the Company s reported total assets less intangible assets less liabilities. The quarterly balances will be used to determine a yearly average for each year in the Vesting Period. 

Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA means the Company s cumulative earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and adjustments as deemed appropriate in the Company s annual public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission Adjusted EBITDA for the Vesting Period. 

Cumulative Net Sales means the Company s cumulative net sales as reported in the Company s public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the Vesting Period. 

RONTA means the Company s Adjusted EBITDA less depreciation divided by Average Net Tangible Assets. 

3-Year Average RONTA means the average of the Company s RONTA for each year during the Vesting Period. 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-10.26>
 9
 azek-ex1026_500.htm
 EX-10.26

azek-ex1026_500.htm

Exhibit 10.26 
 
 THE AZEK COMPANY INC. 2020 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
 This Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (this Award Agreement evidences an award of nonqualified stock options Options by The AZEK Company Inc., a Delaware corporation AZEK under The AZEK Company Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms not defined in the Award Agreement have the meanings given to them in the Plan. 

Name of Grantee: 
 
 [Participant Name] (the Grantee ). 

Grant Date: 
 
 [Grant Date] (the Grant Date ). 

Number of Options: 
 
 [Number of Awards Granted] 

Each Option represents the right to purchase one share of common stock, par value 0.001 (each, a Share ), of AZEK at the Exercise Price set forth below on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

Exercise Price: 
 
 The Exercise Price will be [Grant Price] (the Exercise Price ). 

Vesting Dates: 
 
 A number of Options equal to one-third of the Options (rounded to the nearest whole number) shall vest on each of the first two anniversaries of the Grant Date, and the remaining Options will vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date (each such anniversary, a Vesting Date ). 

The Options will vest only if the Grantee is, and has been, continuously Employed by AZEK from the Grant Date through the applicable Vesting Date (such period, the Vesting Period ), and any unvested Options will be forfeited upon any termination of Employment for any reason. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, and any provision in the Plan: 
 A. Upon a termination of Employment due to death or Disability, a prorated number of the Options will immediately vest based on the Grantee s date of termination relative to the length of each applicable Vesting Period 
 B. Upon an involuntary termination of Employment by AZEK without Cause or, if applicable, by the Grantee for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement), and subject to the Grantee s (i) execution of, and without revoking, a release of claims in a form provided by AZEK and (ii) continued compliance with any restrictive covenants in any employment or other agreement with AZEK, any unvested Options scheduled to vest within 12 months of the Grantee s date of termination will remain outstanding and continue to vest on the applicable Vesting Date as if the Grantee had remained Employed through such applicable Vesting Date 
 C. Upon a termination of the Grantee s Employment due to Retirement, any unvested Options will remain outstanding and continue to vest on the Vesting Date as if the Grantee had continued to be Employed through the applicable Vesting Date, and any vested Options will remain outstanding and exercisable for a period of ten (10) years from the Grant Date . For this purpose, Retirement will mean a termination of Employment in which the following apply: (1) the sum of Grantee s age plus length of service as of the date of termination equals 65, with a minimum of two years of service and a minimum age of 58, (2) Grantee provided one-year advance notice to AZEK of Retirement, and (3) the Grant Date is not within six months prior to the Grantee s date of termination. As a condition to the continued vesting under this Section, Grantee must execute, and not revoke, a release of claims in a form provided by AZEK and comply with any non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality or other covenants to which Grantee is subject; and 
 D. Upon a termination of Employment by AZEK without Cause or, if Grantee has an Employment Agreement containing the right to resign for Good Reason, by the Grantee for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement) on or within 24 months following a Change in Control, any outstanding, unvested Options will immediately vest as of the date of such termination. 

Term: 
 
 The latest date the Option will expire is on the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date (the Expiration Date ). However, in the event the Grantee s Employment terminates for any reason prior to the Expiration Date, vested Options shall remain exercisable for the period as set forth below, unless the Board determines otherwise: 
 Upon a termination of Employment for any reason other than for Cause, Disability or death, the Grantee may exercise the Options until the date that is 90 days following the later of the date of the termination of Employment or the date the Options vest in accordance with the terms of this Award Agreement, but in no event later than the Expiration Date. 
 Upon a termination of Employment for Cause, the Options shall expire and immediately cease to be exercisable upon the date of the termination of Employment. 
 Upon a termination of Employment due to death or Disability, the Options shall expire one year after the date of the termination of Employment, but in no event later than the Expiration Date. 

-2 - 

Exercise of Option: 
 
 Each election to exercise the Option shall be made, in the manner prescribed by the Company, with the third party stock plan administrator appointed by the Company, by the Participant or the Participant's executor, administrator, or legally appointed representative (in the event of the Participant s incapacity) or the person or persons to whom the Option is transferred by will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution (collectively, the Option Holder and received and approved by the Company and third party stock plan administrator, accompanied by this Agreement and payment in full as provided in the Plan. The purchase price shall be paid to the third party stock plan administrator appointed by the Company by either (i) delivery of cash or check; (ii) wire transfer; or (iii) through a broker-assisted cashless exercise program implemented in connection with the Plan. In the event that the Option is exercised by an Option Holder other than the Participant, the Company will be under no obligation to deliver Shares hereunder unless and until it is satisfied as to the authority of the Option Holder to exercise the Option. 
 As soon as reasonably practicable following AZEK s determination that the Option has been validly exercised, AZEK will issue the relevant number of Shares to be allocated to the Grantee, subject to applicable tax withholding as provided in Section 3.2 of the Plan. 

Section 409A: 
 
 It is AZEK s intent that payments under this Award Agreement are exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and that the Award Agreement be administered accordingly. 

-3 - 

Tax Representations Withholding: 

The Grantee is advised to review with his/her own tax advisors the federal, state and local tax consequences of receiving and exercising the Options. The Grantee hereby represents to AZEK that he/she is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of AZEK, its Affiliates or any of their respective agents. If, in connection with the exercise of the Options, AZEK is required to withhold any amounts by reason of any federal, state or local tax, such withholding shall be effected in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan. 

Transfer Restrictions: 
 
 The Grantee may not sell, exchange, transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise encumber the Options or the Grantee s right under the Options to receive Shares, other than to the extent provided in Section 3.5 of the Plan. 

Clawback: 
 
 The Options will be subject to any clawback or recapture policy that the Company may adopt from time to time to the extent provided in such policy and, in accordance with such policy, may be subject to the requirement that the Options be repaid to the Company after they have been distributed to the Grantee. 

Amendment: 
 
 The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Agreement, except that the Committee shall not make any amendment in a manner unfavorable to the Grantee (other than if immaterial), without the Grantee s consent. Any amendment of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and signed by an authorized member of the Committee or a person or persons designated by the Committee. 

Governing Law: 
 
 This Award Agreement shall be deemed to be made under, and in all respects be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of law principles. 

All Other Terms: 
 
 As set forth in the Plan. 

The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. Except as otherwise set forth in the Award Agreement, the Award Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the Options. In the event that any provision of the Award Agreement is inconsistent with the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Except as specifically provided herein, in the event that any provision of this Award Agreement is inconsistent with any Employment Agreement, the terms of the Employment Agreement will control. By accepting this Award Agreement, the Grantee agrees to be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 -4 - 

This Award Agreement may be executed in counterparts, which together will constitute one and the same original. 
 
 -5 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and effective as of the Grant Date. 
 THE AZEK COMPANY INC. 
 
 By: 
 Name: 
 Title: 

[ Participant Name ] 
 
 -6 - 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.31>
 10
 azek-ex1031_498.htm
 EX-10.31

azek-ex1031_498.htm

Exhibit 10.31 
 THE AZEK COMPANY INC. 
 KEY EMPLOYEE BONUS PLAN 

1. 
 
 Effective Date and Purpose 

 The Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of The AZEK Company Inc. AZEK and, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective successors and assigns, the Company hereby adopts The AZEK Company Inc. s Key Employee Bonus Plan (the Plan effective as of November [ ], 2021 (the Effective Date ). The purpose of the Plan is to provide an incentive to attract, retain and reward selected employees of the Company to contribute to the Company s growth and profitability. 

2. 
 
 Eligibility 

 Participation in the Plan shall be limited to employees who are selected by the Senior Leadership Team (the SLT and subsequently approved by the Chief Executive Officer (the CEO or the Committee with respect to participants who are subject to the disclosure requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act (each such employee, a Section 16 Officer and any employee approved to participate in the Plan, a Key Employee ). To be eligible to receive an Award (as defined below) with respect to any Performance Period (as defined below), a Key Employee must be actively employed by the Company on the last day of the Performance Period in which an Award is earned and the day the Award is paid in accordance with Section 4(e), except as otherwise determined by the CEO or the Committee, as applicable. Newly hired eligible employees may be eligible to receive a prorated Award for a Performance Period. 

3. 
 
 Administration 

 The administration of the Plan shall be consistent with the purpose and the terms of the Plan. The Plan shall be administered by the Committee, which may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan, or any Key Employee s participation in the Plan, at any time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the CEO may exercise the authority of the Committee to the extent provided herein and, with respect to such authority delegated herein to the CEO, any references to the Committee herein shall be deemed to include the CEO as applicable. The Committee shall have full authority to establish the rules and regulations relating to the Plan, to interpret the Plan and those rules and regulations, to decide the facts in any case arising under the Plan and to make all other determinations, including factual determinations, and to take all other actions necessary or appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan. All powers of the Committee shall be executed in its sole discretion, in the best interest of the Company, not as a fiduciary, and in keeping with the objectives of the Plan and need not be uniform as to similarly situated individuals. 
 All Awards are made conditional upon the Key Employee s acknowledgement by acceptance of the Award, and that all decisions and determination of the Committee shall be final and binding on the Key Employee, his or her beneficiaries and any other person having or claiming an interest under such Award. The administration of the Plan by the Committee including all such rules and regulations, interpretations, selections, determinations, approvals, decisions, delegations, amendments, terminations and other actions, shall be final and binding. Target Award Levels and Awards need not be uniform as among Key Employees. 

4. 
 
 Determination of Awards 

 (a) Performance Period . Each Performance Period shall be a fiscal year of the Company or any other period designated by the Committee with respect to which an Award may be earned. 

(b) Setting Target Award Levels and Performance Goals . 
 (i) For each Performance Period, the Committee shall determine: (A) the Key Employees for the Performance Period, (B) each Key Employee s Target Award Level, and (C) the Performance Goals for the Performance Period (and how they are weighted, if applicable). With respect to Key Employees who are not Section 16 Officers, the CEO shall have authority to determine: (A) the Key Employees for the Performance Period, (B) each Key Employee s Target Award Level and (C) the Performance Goals for the Performance Period (and how they are weighted if applicable). 
 (ii) The Committee may establish the target incentive amount for any Participant with respect to any Performance Period in its sole discretion (the Target Award Level ). The Target Award Level may be designated as a dollar amount, percentage of base salary, or such other measure, as determined by the Committee, and may be established at or with different levels, including minimum or maximum levels, and at such time or times as the Committee determines in its sole discretion. The Committee may at any time prior to the final determination of Awards change the Target Award Level of any Key Employee or assign a different Target Award Level to a Key Employee to reflect any change in the Key Employee s responsibility level or position during the course of the Performance Period. 
 (iii) The Committee may establish performance goals (the Performance Goals (and how they are weighted, if applicable) for Key Employees, specific business units and/or the Company as a whole at such time or times as the Committee determines in its sole discretion. The Performance Goals may be (but need not be) different for each Performance Period and different Performance Goals may be applicable to different Key Employees. 
 (c) Earning an Award. Generally, the actual amount of the incentive award earned by a Key Employee under the Plan for any Performance Period (an Award will be based on the level of achievement of the Performance Goals established by the Committee for that Performance Period. A Key Employee will receive no Award if the level of achievement of all Performance Goals is below the minimum required to earn an Award for the applicable Performance Period. 
 (d) Discretionary Awards; Adjustment of Awards. In addition to the Award paid to a Key Employee under the Plan, if any, the Committee, may pay to a Key Employee an additional amount, taking into account such factors as it deems appropriate and determines in its sole and absolute discretion. The Committee may adjust all or part of an Award, including downward or upward adjustments, based upon a Key Employee s individual performance or other factors determined by the Committee in its discretion. 
 (e) Payment of Awards . A Key Employee s Award shall be paid in cash, an AZEK equity-based award of equivalent value, or such other form of consideration determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, or a combination of the foregoing, as soon as administratively practicable after the end of the Performance Period, and no later than March 15 of the following calendar year. 

5. 
 
 Miscellaneous Provisions 

 (a) No Employment Right. The Plan is not a contract between the Company and the eligible employees or the Key Employees. Neither the establishment of the Plan, nor any action taken hereunder, shall be construed as giving any eligible employee or any Key Employee any right to be retained in the employ of the Company or a right to an Award. The Company is under no obligation to continue the Plan. Nothing contained in the Plan shall limit or affect in any manner or degree the normal and usual powers 
 2 

of management, exercised by the officers and the Board or committees thereof, to change the duties or the character of employment of any employee of the Company or to remove the individual from the employment of the Company at any time, all of which rights and powers are expressly reserved. 
 (b) No Assignment. A Key Employee s right and interest under the Plan may not be assigned or transferred and any attempted assignment or transfer shall be null and void and shall extinguish, in the Key Employee s sole discretion, the Company s obligation under the Plan to pay Awards with respect to the Key Employee. 
 (c) Unfunded Plan. The Plan shall be unfunded. The Company shall not be required to establish any special or separate fund, or to make any other segregation of assets, to assure payment of Awards. 
 (d) Withholding Taxes. The Company shall have the right to deduct from Awards paid any taxes or other amounts required by law to be withheld. 
 (e) Section 409A of the Code . The Company intends that Awards under this Plan shall be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder Section 409A ), and this Plan shall be interpreted, construed and administered in accordance with such intent. To the extent that any Award is not exempt from the application of the requirements of Section 409A, this Plan and the Award shall be construed and interpreted in a manner so as to comply with such requirements. 
 (f) Clawback. All Awards under this Plan shall be subject to forfeiture or other penalties under any clawback policy or provision that may be implemented by the Company from time to time or set forth in an applicable Award, whether adopted prior to, on or after the Effective Date. 
 (g) Governing Law. The validity, construction, interpretation and effect of the Plan shall exclusively be governed by and determined in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware. 
 3 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 11
 azek-ex1032_499.htm
 EX-10.32

azek-ex1032_499.htm

Exhibit 10.32 
 THE AZEK COMPANY INC. 
 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 
 DEFERRAL ELECTION FORM 
 
 Summary of Director Compensation 
 
 The following is a summary of the compensation program of The AZEK Company Inc. (the Company applicable to the non-employee directors (each, a Director of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board and subject to change by the Company at any time. 
 
 Annual Cash Retainers : An annual cash retainer equal to 85,000 (the Annual Retainer is payable to each Director. In addition, Directors are eligible for retainers for leadership positions as follows (the Additional Retainer and, together with the Annual Retainer, the Cash Compensation ): 

20,000 for the Chairperson of the Audit Committee; 

17,500 for the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee; 

15,000 for the Chairperson of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; and 

50,000 for the Chairperson of the Board. 

The Cash Compensation is payable quarterly in arrears at the end of each calendar quarter, prorated for directors appointed mid-quarter. 
 
 Annual Equity Grant : Each Director is eligible for an annual grant of restricted share units with a fair market value of 115,000 (the Annual Equity Grant under the Company s 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ). The Annual Equity Grant is awarded on or around the date of the Company s annual stockholder meeting and vests on the earlier of the one-year anniversary of the date of grant or the Company s annual stockholder meeting for the following year, subject to continued service. A Director appointed to the Board after the annual stockholder meeting will receive a pro rata portion of the Annual Equity Grant. 
 
 One-Time Equity Grant : Each Director is eligible for a one-time grant of restricted share units with a fair market value of 105,000 (the One-Time Equity Grant under the Plan. The One-Time Grant is awarded in connection with the Director s election to the Board and vests on the third anniversary of the date of grant, subject to continued service. 
 
 Director Compensation Deferral Election 
 
 A Director may elect to defer (1) receipt of all or a portion of his or her Cash Compensation and/or (2) delivery of shares underlying the Annual Equity Grant, including any dividends credited thereon (together, Director Compensation ), subject to the terms and conditions of this Non-Employee Director Compensation Deferral Election Form (this Election Form ). 
 
 In lieu of the cash portion of your Director Compensation that you choose to defer, if any, you will receive deferred restricted stock units DSUs pursuant to the Plan, which will be fully vested and will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock no later than 30 days following your separation from the Board for any reason. Any restricted stock units RSUs 

subject to your election to defer also will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock no later than 30 days following your separation from the Board for any reason. 
 
 If you desire to defer any Director Compensation for the ____ calendar year (the Election Year ), you must complete this Election Form and return it to Morgan Walbridge by December 31, ____ . 
 
 The elections made pursuant to this Election Form are irrevocable by the Director once the Election Year has begun. Any election you make will continue from year to year, unless you modify or terminate such election on or before December 31 of the year preceding the date the modification or termination becomes effective. 

PARTICIPANT: _________ SSN :____________________________________ 
 ADDRESS: ______________________ CITY: ________ STATE: _____ ZIP: _______ 

ELECTION YEAR: _________________ 
 
 Part I Director Compensation Deferral Election 
 
 You may elect to defer all or a portion of your (1) Cash Compensation and (2) shares underlying the Annual Equity Grant upon vesting, including any dividends credited thereon, earned in the Election Year, if any. Your deferral election cannot be revoked during the Election Year. 

Election 1 Cash Compensation 
 
 I hereby irrevocably elect to defer from my Cash Compensation for the Election Year: 

0 of my Cash Compensation 

25 of my Cash Compensation 

50 of my Cash Compensation 

75 of my Cash Compensation 

100 of my Cash Compensation 

Election 2 Annual Equity Grant 
 
 I hereby irrevocably elect to defer from the shares that would have been delivered pursuant to my Annual Equity Grant, including any dividends credited thereon, for the Election Year: 

0 of my Annual Equity Grant 

25 of my Annual Equity Grant 

50 of my Annual Equity Grant 

75 of my Annual Equity Grant 

100 of my Annual Equity Grant 

Part II Acknowledgement and Execution 
 
 By signing below, you hereby acknowledge that you have had an opportunity to review the Plan and the terms of this Election Form. You understand that your receipt of DSUs under the Plan are subject to the terms and provisions thereof. You acknowledge that the Company may alter, amend, or terminate the terms of the director compensation program and the Plan from time to time. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Participant has hereunto set Participant s hand on this ___ day of ________, ____ 
 
 ____________________________ 
 [ Name ] Date 

Part III Beneficiary Designation 
 
 In the event of your death, you must designate beneficiary(ies) to receive any payment to be made to a beneficiary under the Plan. 
 
 I hereby designate the following individual(s) or entity(ies) to be my beneficiary(ies). 

PRIMARY BENEFICIARY 

Name and Address 
 
 Relationship 
 
 of Benefits 
 
 DOB 
 
 SSN 

If the Primary Beneficiary(ies) dies (or otherwise ceases to exist) before your death, the following shall be the beneficiary(ies). 

CONTINGENT BENEFICIARY 

Name and Address 
 
 Relationship 
 
 of Benefits 
 
 DOB 
 
 SSN 

Note: If one or more primary beneficiary or contingent beneficiary is named, each beneficiary will share equally in the benefits to be paid under the Plan, unless you have indicated otherwise by specifying the percentage of Plan benefits to be received by each beneficiary. If a primary or contingent beneficiary dies (or ceases to exist) prior to your death, the percentage that would have been received by the beneficiary shall be divided among the surviving primary or contingent beneficiary(ies), as the case may be, in proportion to the percentages denominated to each surviving beneficiary, unless you have indicated otherwise. 
 
 This Beneficiary Designation Form is effective until you file another such designation and that Beneficiary Designation Form is acknowledged and accepted by a Plan representative. Upon acknowledgement and acceptance by a Plan representative, all previous Beneficiary Designation Forms are revoked. By signing below, you acknowledge that any change of beneficiary will not be effective until acknowledged and accepted in writing by a Plan representative. 
 
 __________________________________ 
 [ Name ] Date 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-23>
 12
 azek-ex23_1005.htm
 EX-23

azek-ex23_1005.htm

Exhibit 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-239188) of The Azek Company Inc. of our report dated November 23, 2021 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting , which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois November 23, 2021 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 13
 azek-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

azek-ex311_6.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Jesse Singh, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The AZEK Company Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 23, 2021 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jesse Singh 

Jesse Singh 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 14
 azek-ex312_9.htm
 EX-31.2

azek-ex312_9.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Peter Clifford, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The AZEK Company Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 23, 2021 

By: 
 
 /s/ Peter Clifford 

Peter Clifford 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 15
 azek-ex321_8.htm
 EX-32.1

azek-ex321_8.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of The AZEK Company Inc., (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 23, 2021 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jesse Singh 

Jesse Singh 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 16
 azek-ex322_7.htm
 EX-32.2

azek-ex322_7.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of The AZEK Company Inc., (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 23, 2021 

By: 
 
 /s/ Peter Clifford 

Peter Clifford 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 azek-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 azek-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 azek-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 azek-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 azek-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

