<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211012_10-K_edgar_data_790652_0001213900-21-052332.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4231449</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>249435</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>352971</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1054204</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1474318</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>991601</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-21-052332.hdr.sgml : 20211012
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211012110621
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-21-052332
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211012
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211012

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS INC /FL/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000790652
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				222671269
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26028
		FILM NUMBER:		211317682

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1291-B NW 65TH PLACE
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33309
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954 581-9800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1291-B NW 65TH PLACE
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33309

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALKAN CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940623

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-21-052332.txt : 20211012

10-K
 1
 f10k2021_imaging.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

[Mark One] 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____to______ 

Commission file number: 000-26028 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Florida 
 
 22-2671269 
 
 (State of Incorporation) 
 
 (IRS Employer Ident. No.) 

618 E South St, Suite 500, Orlando, FL 
 
 32801 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number: (954) 581-9800 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non- accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Non-accelerated filer 

Emerging growth
 company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) Yes No 

The number of shares outstanding of the issuer s
common stock as of October 12, 2021: 123,156,941 shares of common stock, no par value. 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

Page 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 17 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 26 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 28 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 32 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 33 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 33 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 33 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 34 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 35 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 36 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 36 

Signatures 
 37 

We , Us , Our and IDSI 
unless the context otherwise requires, means Imaging Diagnostic Systems, Inc. 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws and use terminology such as may, will, 
 expects, plans, anticipates, estimates, projects , potential, 
or continue, or the negative or other comparable terminology regarding beliefs, plans, expectations, or intentions regarding
the future. These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from
those discussed and anticipated in such statements. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements relating to our
business strategy, which is based upon our interpretation and analysis of trends in the healthcare treatment industry, especially those
related to the diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer, and upon management s ability to successfully develop and commercialize
its principal product, the CTLM . This strategy assumes that the CTLM will provide benefits, from both a medical and an economic
perspective, to current alternative techniques for diagnosing and managing breast cancer. Factors that could cause actual results to materially
differ include, without limitation, the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic/economic crisis, the timely and successful completion of our
clinical trials required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA and compliance with the regulations of the FDA and
the China Food and Drug Administration CFDA ); the timely and successful submission of our FDA application for pre-market
approval and our ability to obtain U.S. marketing clearance; manufacturing risks relating to the CTLM , including our reliance on
a single or limited source or sources of supply for some key components of our products as well as the need to comply with especially
high standards for those components and in the manufacture of optical imaging products in general; uncertainties inherent in the development
of new products and the enhancement of our existing CTLM product, including technical and regulatory risks, cost overruns and delays;
our ability to accurately predict the demand for our CTLM product as well as future products and to develop strategies to address
our markets successfully; the early stage of market development for medical optical imaging products and our ability to gain market acceptance
of our CTLM product by the medical community; our ability to expand our international distributor network for both the near and longer-term
to effectively implement our globalization strategy; our dependence on senior management and key personnel and our ability to attract
and retain additional qualified personnel; risks relating to financing through private placements or other working capital financing arrangements;
technical innovations that could render the CTLM or other products marketed or under development by us obsolete; competition; risks
and uncertainties relating to intellectual property, including claims of infringement and patent litigation; risks relating to future
acquisitions and strategic investments and alliances; and reimbursement policies for the use of our CTLM product and any products
we may introduce in the future. There are also many known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including, but not limited
to, technological changes and competition from new diagnostic equipment and techniques, changes in general economic conditions, healthcare
reform initiatives, legal claims, regulatory changes and risk factors detailed from time to time in our Securities and Exchange Commission
filings that may cause these assumptions to prove incorrect and may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described above or elsewhere in this report. All forward-looking statements and risk
factors included in this document are made as of the date of this Form 10-K Annual Report based on information available to us as of the
date of this report, and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or risk factors. The occurrence of any of the
events described as risk factors or other future events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial position. Since our common stock is considered a penny stock, we are ineligible to rely on the safe harbor for
forward-looking statements provided in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section
21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). You are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

GENERAL BUSINESS OVERVIEW 

Our business address is 618 E South St, Suite
500, Orlando, FL 32801. Our Internet website address is www.imds.com . The information contained in, or that can
be accessed through, our website is not part of this Form 10-K annual report. 

Imaging Diagnostic Systems, Inc. IDSI 
or the Company is a late development stage medical technology company that has developed a new, non-invasive CT scanner CTLM that uses a laser beam in place of ionizing X-ray for breast imaging. This technology is called
Diffuse Optical Tomography. The CTLM will provide an adjunctive imaging modality to other methods of imaging the breast such as
X-ray mammography, MRI and ultrasound. 

Since inception in December 1993 as a Florida
corporation and subsequently its reverse merger with Alkan Corp., a New Jersey Corporation on April 14, 1994, we continued operations
and changed our state of incorporation from New Jersey to Florida, effective July 1, 1995. On July 14, 1995, we filed with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC a Form 10 SB for registration of our securities as a small business issuer.
The Form 10 SB was declared effective in September 1995 and our stock began trading on the OTC Bulletin Board (OTC:BB) on September 20,
1995 under the symbol IMDS. We became a fully reporting company under Commission File Number 0-26028 and traded on the OTC:BB and then
on the OTC:QB and ultimately on the OTC PINK until September 25, 2014, at which time our registration was revoked by the SEC for failure
to timely file our required periodic reports. Our latest quarterly report on Form 10-Q that was filed prior to our filing of our Form
10 registration statement on August 28, 2018, was filed on May 15, 2013, for the quarter ended March 31, 2013. Our latest annual report
on Form 10-K that was filed prior to the filing of our Form 10 registration statement on August 28, 2018, was filed on October 15, 2012,
for the year ended June 30, 2012. Copies of our SEC reports through the date of revocation (the Prior Reports are available
at www.sec.gov. 

On August 28, 2018, we filed a Form 10 registration
statement to register issued and outstanding shares held by our shareholders and to become a fully reporting company under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). The Form 10 was amended in response to SEC comments on October 5, 2018 and November
14, 2018. On February 7, 2019, the SEC confirmed that it had no further comments on the Form 10. Under the Exchange Act, our registration
became effective on October 29, 2018, i.e. 60 days after filing the Form 10. The Form 10 was further amended on September 26, 2019 to
correct the classification of the Series L Convertible Preferred Stock from a current liability to temporary equity. 

As of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
for the year ended June 30, 2021, we have had no substantial revenues from our operations and have incurred net losses applicable to common
shareholders since inception through June 30, 2021 of 134,817,667 after discounts and dividends on preferred stock. We incurred net losses
applicable to common shareholders of 707,918 for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 1,047,143 for the year ended June 30, 2020. 

The Company received marking clearance for the
CTLM from the Chinese FDA CFDA effective November 16, 2018 to November 15, 2023 as disclosed in the Company s
8-K report filed December 11, 2018; however, we anticipate that substantial losses from operations will continue until we begin to generate
revenues through the sales of CTLM systems in China. We believe that we face substantial delays before receiving marketing clearance
through the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ). These losses will be primarily due to an anticipated increase in marketing,
manufacturing and operational expenses associated with the international commercialization of the CTLM , expenses associated with
international commercialization of the CTLM , expenses associated with FDA approval processes, and the costs associated with advanced
product development activities. We have implemented a new business strategy which includes a licensing agreement on June 20, 2017 with
Xi an IDI Laser Imaging Co. Ltd (Xi an IDI), a related party, to shift manufacturing of the CTLM for the China and Asian
markets to China. 

The Company s next regulatory focus, after having obtained CFDA
approval in China, is on obtaining marketing clearance of its CTLM Breast Imaging System through the FDA. The premarket approval PMA process for U.S. marketing clearance is expected to take longer than the Chinese process, and we intend to resume
this effort after successful marketing and sales of CTLM systems in China. Our sales and marketing efforts in China have been significantly
hindered by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and therefore we do not expect revenue from China until the third or fourth quarter of fiscal
2022. No sales in other countries are expected in the near future, as we do not intend to pursue sales in other countries until after
obtaining FDA marketing clearance. 

1 

In analyzing the regulatory path forward, timeline, and costs associated
with the level of effort required to upgrade the Company s Quality Management System (QMS), we have decided not to renew our CE
mark (required for sales in the European Union) for this year and to consider reapplying in 2 to 3 years to avoid these regulatory fees.
Similarly, we will maintain our Quality Management System to be compliant to ISO 13485:2016 but not certify to ISO 13485:2016 by
Underwriters Laboratories (UL) which will allow us to avoid fees associated with certification, travel, and hosting audits. Maintaining
our QMS to be ISO 13485:2016 compliant will allow us to quickly schedule an audit with UL and become ISO 13485 certified when necessary. 

On October 23, 2019, we entered into a consulting agreement effective
as of November 1, 2019, with Dr. Huabei Jiang to serve as IDSI s Chief Scientific Consultant (the Consulting Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, Dr. Jiang is focused on improving the technical performance and image quality of IDSI s Computed
Tomography Laser Mammography (CTLM breast imaging device. The details of this Agreement were disclosed on our Form 8-K report filed
with the SEC on October 29, 2019. As of the date of this report, Dr. Jiang has completed the first phase of image quality improvement
and is currently collecting image data for evaluation and further technical improvement. 

Xi an IDI has been working with Yiling Hospital Management Group
based in Beijing, China Yiling to evaluate CTLM s potential use and application. As of the date of this report,
Xi an IDI has loaned three CTLM systems to Yiling and Yiling is at the stage of testing and data validation. 

It is important that the effectiveness of the image quality improvements
be established before Xi an IDI can resume their sales and marketing efforts in China. Once IDSI has substantial revenues and cash flow,
we believe we will be able to raise from operations and/or private investors the necessary funding to allow us to move forward with our
CTLM 3.0 project, as discussed in detail in the CTLM section below. The CTLM 3.0 project and some regulatory
initiatives have been put on hold due to the COVID-19 pandemic and its consequences. 

SALE OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES RESULTING IN
A CHANGE OF CONTROL 

IDSI s financial condition steadily deteriorated
following the 2008 financial crisis and during the subsequent recession and weak economic recovery and by 2013 we found it impossible
to raise the capital needed to continue operations, so our focus turned to finding an acquirer with the substantial financial resources
and technical understanding required to complete the regulatory approval processes and bring the CTLM to market domestically and
internationally. Given our dire financial condition, we were fortunate to be introduced in February 2014 to Viable International Investments
LLC Viable ), a subsidiary of Sanya Wanbo (Viable) Investments, Ltd. Co Viable China ), registered in Sanya,
Hainan, China. Viable China had been approved by the Ministry of Commerce of the People s Republic of China (Certificate # 4600201400025)
to invest in senior housing projects, medical equipment projects, etc. in the U.S. 

On August 4, 2014, pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the SPA dated as of June 27, 2014, among IDSI, Viable and certain affiliates of IDSI, Viable agreed to purchase
600 shares of the Company s Series M convertible preferred stock (the Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price
of 6,000,000 10,000 per share) of which 100,000 was paid pursuant to a non-refundable deposit on June 27, 2014. The first closing
as to 250 shares of Preferred Stock 2,500,000) occurred on August 4, 2014. 

Pursuant to the SPA, Viable agreed to purchase
an additional 350 shares of Preferred Stock in tranches of 200 shares 2,000,000) on July 31, 2015, and 150 shares 1,500,000) within
14 days after IDSI s receipt of FDA marketing clearance. Based on the conversion price of the Preferred Stock, purchase of all of
the Preferred Stock would provide Viable with beneficial ownership of 90 of our common stock based on the number of shares outstanding
as of the date of the SPA. IDSI and Viable agreed to modify the timing of the second and third tranches of Viable s investments
so that the purchase of 200 shares of Preferred Stock 2,000,000) closed on August 31, 2015, and the purchase of 150 shares of Preferred
Stock 1,500,000) closed on April 22, 2016, as Viable waived the condition of FDA marketing clearance. 

2 

Since 2016, we have financed our operations through
loans by Viable and its affiliates and the private placement of common stock to Viable affiliates and independent Chinese investors. We
do not have any formal financing arrangements with Viable and its affiliates; however, Viable has stated its intention to continue to
provide financing of our operations consistent with past practice. While we believe that Viable and its affiliates will provide on commercially
reasonable terms the funding we need until we achieve a positive cash flow from operations. There can be no assurance that we will receive
such funding or that we will ever achieve profitability. If Viable fails to provide the anticipated funding, we would be materially adversely
affected and may have to cease operations due to a lack of funding. 

HISTORICAL OVERVIEW 

Since inception, we have been engaged in the development
and testing of a laser breast imaging system that uses computed tomography and laser techniques designed to detect breast abnormalities.
Our CTLM has been initially commercialized on a limited basis in certain international markets where regulatory approvals have been
obtained; however, it is not yet approved for sale in the U.S. market. The CTLM system must obtain marketing clearance through the
FDA before commercialization can begin in the U.S. market. 

We have sold 26 CTLM systems since inception.
Since the Viable Acquisition in August 2014, we have ceased our international marketing effort and have focused on upgrading the CTLM 
with the latest technology and obtaining marketing clearance in the U.S. and China. CTLM version 2.0 was completed in 2016, and we
are developing a CTLM 3.0 prototype, which we believe will be ready for verification and validation testing in the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2021. 

The Company received CTLM CFDA approval effective
November 16, 2018 to November 15, 2023 as disclosed in the Company s 8-K report filed on December 11, 2018. However, there can be
no assurance that we will obtain FDA marketing or other new international marketing clearances, that the CTLM will achieve market
acceptance or that sufficient revenues will be generated from sales of the CTLM to allow us to operate profitably. 

Sales in China are not expected until the third or fourth quarter of
fiscal 2022. No sales in other countries are expected in the foreseeable future. The Company s next regulatory focus, after having
obtained CFDA approval in China, is on obtaining U.S. marketing clearance of its CTLM Breast Imaging System through the FDA. The
PMA process for U.S. marketing clearance is expected to take considerably longer than the Chinese process. 

Our financial statements have been prepared assuming
that we will continue as a going concern. Our auditors, in their report for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 stated that we have incurred
recurring operating losses and will have to obtain additional capital to sustain operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2 Going
Concern and Management s Plans , in the Notes to the Financial Statements. The accompanying financial statements for the Fiscal
Year ended June 30, 2021 do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible effects on the recoverability and classification of assets
or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

BREAST CANCER 

Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women
worldwide. According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) and World Health Organization (WHO). It is estimated that
more than 2 million new cases of breast cancer occurred among women worldwide in 2018, (using the most recent data available at time of
submission). Breast cancer incidence rates around the world vary a great deal. In general, developed countries (such as the U.S., England
and Australia) have higher rates than developing countries (such as Cambodia, Nepal and Rwanda). 

According to information provided by www.breastcancer.org ,
about one in eight U.S. women will develop invasive breast cancer over the course of her lifetime. In 2021, an estimated 281,550 new cases
of invasive breast cancer are expected to be diagnosed in women in the U.S., along with 49,290 new cases of non-invasive (in situ) breast
cancer. About 43,600 women in the U.S. are expected to die in 2021 from breast cancer. Death rates have been decreasing in women over
50, but have been steady for women under 50 since 2007. These decreases are thought to be the result of treatment advances, earlier detection
through screening, and increased awareness. 

3 

There is widespread agreement that screening for
breast cancer, when combined with appropriate follow-up, will reduce mortality from the disease. How we measure response to treatment
is called the 5-year survival rate, or the percentage of people who live 5 years after being diagnosed with cancer. According to information
provided by National Cancer Institute, Cancer stage at diagnosis, which refers to extent of a cancer in the body, determines treatment
options and has a strong influence on the length of survival. In general, if the cancer is found only in the part of the body where it
started it is localized (sometimes referred to as stage 1). If it has spread to a different part of the body, the stage
is regional or distant . The earlier female breast cancer is caught, the better chance a person has of surviving
five years after being diagnosed. For female breast cancer, 62.5 are diagnosed at the local stage. The 5-year survival for localized
female breast cancer is 98.8 . It decreases from 98.8 to 85.5 after the cancer has spread to the lymph nodes (stage 2), and to 27.4 
(stage 4) after it has spread to other organs such as the lung, liver or brain. A major problem with current detection methods is that
studies have shown that mammography does not detect 10 -20 of breast cancers that are detected by physical exam alone, which may be attributed
to a falsely negative mammogram. 

Breast cancer screening is generally recommended
as a routine part of preventive healthcare for women over the age of 20 (approximately 90 million in the United States). Besides skin
cancer, breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer among U.S. women. For these women, the American Cancer Society (ACS) has published
guidelines for breast cancer screening including: (i) monthly breast self-examinations for all women over the age of 20; (ii) a clinical
breast exam (CBE) every three years for women in their 20s and 30s; (iii) a baseline mammogram for women by the age of 40; and (iv) an
annual mammogram for women age 40 or older (according to the American College of Radiology). Unfortunately, the U.S. Preventive Task Force
Guidelines have stirred confusion by recommending biennial screening mammography for women ages 50-74. 

Each year, approximately eight million women in
the United States require diagnostic testing for breast cancer due to a physical symptom, such as a palpable lesion, pain or nipple discharge,
discovered through self or physical examination (approximately seven million) or a non-palpable lesion detected by screening x-ray mammography
(approximately one million). Once a physician has identified a suspicious lesion in a woman s breast, the physician may recommend
further diagnostic procedures, including a diagnostic x-ray mammography, an ultrasound study, a magnetic resonance imaging procedure,
or a minimally invasive procedure such as fine needle aspiration or large core needle biopsy. In each case, the potential benefits of
additional diagnostic testing must be balanced against the costs, risks and discomfort to the patient associated with undergoing the additional
procedures. 

Breast cancer can be lumped into Non-invasive
(or in-situ) or Invasive: In-situ tissue types include ductal carcinoma in-situ (DCIS) or lobular carcinoma in-situ (LCIS). 20 of breast
cancers are in-situ. 80 of breast cancers are invasive or infiltrating beyond their glandular or ductal origins. Breast cancers are subdivided
by molecular surface markers or hormonal receptor types that determines aggressiveness, and selection for therapeutic options. To be brief,
these subtypes are: 1. Luminal A (HR+/HER2-); 2. Triple Negative (HR-/HER2-); 3. Luminal B (HR+/HER2+); and 4. HER 2 Enriched (HR-/HER2+). 

The strongest risk factor for breast cancer is
a women s age. A woman s breast cancer risk increases with age. The risk of breast cancer, however, is not the same for all
women in a given age group. Research has shown that women with mammographically dense breasts have a higher risk of developing breast
cancer. Connective and glandular tissue of the breast are mammographically dense and appear white on a mammogram, compared to fatty tissue
of the breasts which appears dark or black because it is not mammographically dense. Women who have a high percentage of breast tissue
that appears dense on a mammogram have a higher risk of breast cancer compared to women of similar age who have a smaller percentage or
no dense breast tissue by as much as 1.5 X higher risk than the average woman. In general, younger women have dense breasts more often
than older women. As a woman ages, the amount of glandular tissue naturally decreases and the amount of fatty tissue increases. Abnormalities
- such as tumors in dense breasts - can be more difficult to detect on a mammogram because tumors often also appear white, which blends
with dense breast stroma. According to the National Cancer Institute and American College of Radiology, approximately 50 of women in
the U.S. are classified as having dense breasts (or BI-RADS type 3 or type 4 - defined as heterogeneously dense or extremely dense). 

Due in part to the limitations in the ability
of the currently available modalities to identify malignant lesions, a large number of patients with suspicious lesions proceed to surgical
biopsy, an invasive and expensive procedure. Approximately 1.6 million surgical biopsies are performed each year in the United States,
and about 20 of the tests find cancer. The average cost of a surgical biopsy ranges from approximately 1,000 5,000 per procedure.
Thus, biopsies of benign breast tissue may cost the U.S. healthcare system approximately 5.28 billion annually, using 3,303 per biopsy
which is what a patient s insurance company would pay according to HealthCareBlueBook.com. Fair Prices for a breast biopsy depend
on one s zip code in the U.S. and are rated based upon being a bedside, open, MRI-guided, Stereotactic-guided, or Ultrasound-guided
biopsy. In addition, biopsies result in pain, scarring, potential for infection and sometimes undue anxiety to patients. Patients who
are referred to biopsy usually are required to schedule the procedure in advance and generally must wait up to 72 hours for their biopsy
results. 

Race and ethnicity play into the incidence and
the mortality from breast cancer. According to the American Cancer Society, incidence and death rates for breast cancer are higher among
non-Hispanic Whites and non-Hispanic Blacks rather than other racial/ethnic groups. Asians and Pacific Islander women have the lowest
incidence and death rates from breast cancer. 

4 

Since the CTLM has received CFDA marketing
clearance in China, we believe the CLTM will achieve significant market penetration in China. Consequently, it is important to discuss
the demographics of breast cancer in China. Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women in China, according to the latest data
from China s national cancer registry. An analysis of the data reveals that the incidence of breast cancer in China has increased
at a rate of around 3.5 a year from 2000 to 2013, compared with a drop of 0.4 a year over the same period in the US. The analysis also
reveals that breast cancer rates are higher in urban areas of China than in rural areas. And the higher the population density, the higher
the rate. For small cities (population below 500,000), the incidence of breast cancer is 30 per 100,000. For medium-sized cities (population
between 500,000 to 1,000,000), it is 40 in 100,000. And for large cities (population above 1m), the incidence rate is 60 per 100,000 women. 

There are many theories as to why China is seeing
a marked rise in breast cancer rates. These include: 

a. With the rapid development of China s
economy, more and more people have moved from rural areas and towns to large cities. As a result, many megacities have sprung
up. By 2014, China had six megacities with populations above 10m. It is very likely that urbanization is having a big impact on breast
cancer incidence in China. 

b. Having more than one child lowers
breast-cancer risk. With the one-child policy in place since 1979, most women especially if they worked in the city had
to strictly follow the policy in order to avoid being fined. Although the one-child policy rule was replaced in 2015 with a two-child
policy rule, the possible benefit on breast cancer incidence will probably take 15 to 20 years to show 

c. Women are also less likely to breastfeed
than previous generations, which may be another contributing factor. Research has shown that both pregnancy and breastfeeding reduce a
woman s risk of developing cancer, because they reduce the lifetime number of menstrual cycles. As a result, women are exposed to
less estrogen. (estrogen can stimulate breast cancer cells to grow.) It has also been hypothesized that breast cells need to mature in
order to produce milk and mature cells are more resistant to becoming cancer cells. 

d. In modern China, women are generally
less physically active than they were in previous generations. A study published in the International Journal of Behavioral Nutrition
and Physical Activity, shows that levels of physical activity for adults in China fell by nearly half between 1991 and 2011, and they
declined more rapidly for women than for men. 

e. Aging is the biggest risk factor
for breast cancer. Women are living longer in China, which is a key factor related to the increased incidence of breast cancer in the
country. As people get older, there is more genetic damage and less ability to repair the damage. 

With increasing incidence and mortality, cancer
is the leading cause of death in China and is a major public health problem. Because of China s massive population (1.37 billion),
previous national incidence and mortality estimates have been limited to small samples of the population using data from the 1990s or
based on a specific year. With high-quality data from an additional number of population-based registries now available through the National
Central Cancer Registry of China, the authors analyzed data from 72 local, population-based cancer registries (2009-2011), representing
6.5 of the population, to estimate the number of new cases and cancer deaths for 2015. Data from 22 registries were used for trend analyses
(2000-2011). The results indicated that an estimated 4,292,000 new cancer cases and 2,814,000 cancer deaths would occur in China in 2015,
with lung cancer being the most common incident cancer and the leading cause of cancer death. Exact details on breast cancer incidence
and rates can be found in the journals Thoracic Cancer 8; 2017, pages 214-218 and the Journal of Gynecological Oncology 2018, Jan; 29
(1). 

Because of China s large population, even
with a small percentage improvement on cancer prevention, a sizeable number of women s lives could be saved. There are many risk
factors that can be reduced by raising cancer awareness and having better education on diet, exercise, stress reduction as well as improving
breast cancer screening. Public health authorities in China can play a crucial role in developing well-defined strategies to tackle the
issue and reduce the breast cancer burden in China. 

5 

SCREENING AND DIAGNOSTIC MODALITIES 

Mammography is an x-ray imaging modality commonly
used for both routine breast cancer screening and as a diagnostic tool. A mammogram produces either film-screen (analog) or electronic
digital images of the internal structure of the breast, nipple, axilla and surrounding tissues. In a screening mammogram, physicians seek
to detect unknown or asymptomatic lesions, while a diagnostic mammogram seeks to characterize suspicious or palpable lesions. 

In the United States, a certified technologist
performs the x-ray procedure under the Congressional Mammography Quality Standards Act (MQSA). MQSA was enacted to improve x-ray breast
cancer detection studies by regulating machine specifications, quality control procedures, technologist training and certification, and
Radiologist training, certification, and triennial continuing medical education. Still, mammography is viewed as an imperfect 
breast cancer detection tool and is often supplemented with follow-up studies including additional mammographic views at later dates,
closer physical examination of the patient, adjunctive ultrasound exams, and, when available, breast MRI, scintimammography, and/or biopsy. 

Because x-ray mammography exposes the patient
to radiation, the American Cancer Society recommends that mammograms be limited to once per year. X-ray mammography is documented to be
less effective for women with dense breasts. X-ray mammography machines use mechanical means to squeeze, flatten, or compress the breast
and reduce the volume so that x-rays may penetrate more uniform tissue. These techniques are technically necessary but are sometimes painful
and often uncomfortable to patients. Most mammography exams include 2 views of each breast which equates to 4 compressions per session
or up to 8 compressions in women with bilateral breasts prostheses. For diagnostic purposes, some centers are using contrast-enhanced
mammography as a way to assess for tumors that take up iodinated contrast, increasing sensitivity. 

For an uninsured patient, the average U.S. cost
for a mammogram is 102. The Medicare billing of a diagnostic mammogram is approximately 118 to 138 per procedure and requires the use
of x-ray equipment ranging in cost from 75,000 to 225,000 for film screen. Aggregate cost of mammography screening in the U.S. is recently
estimated at 7.8 billion per year. 

Digital Mammography 

Digital mammography, also referred to as full-field
digital mammography, is the latest form of breast x-ray examination. These systems eliminate the use of x-ray film and record images
directly on electronic panels. The digital images can then be manipulated, examined on an electronic viewing station, and subjected to
computed added detection or CAD. However, the limitations of conventional mammography still exist in digital mammography. Digital mammograms
can be acquired as 2D or 3D, using breast tomosynthesis. Although 3D mammograms are better at detecting more abnormalities (especially
in denser breasted women), they do results in higher recall rates, twice the breast radiation dose, take longer for the Radiologist to
read, and cost the patient and system more money. The miss rate from using 3D mammograms has yet to be established. Many
U.S. insurance companies still will not cover a 3D digital mammogram. Digital mammography units sell at around 300,000 for 2D digital
units and up to 500,000 for 3D digital units and Medicare billing for these tests range from 170 to 200. 

Magnetic Resonance Imaging 

Magnetic resonance imaging MRI produces images using a magnetic field and radiofrequency (RF) gradients under computer control to produce multiplanar and multi-sequenced
images that are sensitive to detecting a variety of pathologic processes. MRI has proven effective in imaging breasts with prosthetic
implants, characterizing benign breast processes, detecting primary or recurrent cancer, evaluating the response to chemotherapy and serving
as an additional imaging option when mammography or ultrasound fails to provide sufficient diagnostic conclusions. 

MRI offers the advantage over x-ray that not only
visualizes fine details in breast tissue but also detects patterns of enhancement, altered blood flow and angiogenesis associated with
malignancies, by using a paramagnetic agent called gadolinium (which must be injected into the patient s veins and sometimes requires
screening for renal insufficiency). The disadvantages are that MRI systems are not widely available in the global market and the costs
of using conventional MRI scanners for breast exams are sometimes prohibitive. Dedicated breast MRI systems sell for approximately 1,200,000
and total billing is approximately 1,500, depending on whether the service is provided in a free-standing imaging center, hospital, and
is billed either self-pay, private insurance or Medicare. 

6 

Ultrasound 

Ultrasound imaging is routinely used in breast
imaging practices. Ultrasound (U/S) systems can image breast tissue by sonar techniques. Sound transducers are placed directly
on breast tissue coupled with an acoustic gel substance. Trained sonographers locate suspicious or targeted areas by moving the transducer
over the whole breast or over the region of interest. Breast ultrasound can be performed by a trained medical professional or it can also
be done in an automated fashion. Sonographers generally acquire images in the United States. In some countries mostly outside the U.S.,
physicians directly perform the study and interpret the results. Ultrasound images are localized to areas of suspicion generally but not
always detected by a previous mammogram. If mammographic results suggest the presence of a lesion, ultrasound may help differentiate a
solid from a cystic mass, determine vascularity, concurrent adenopathy, and locate a safe biopsy access site. The global Medicare reimbursement
rate for diagnostic bilateral breast ultrasound is approximately 164 per procedure and requires the use of capital equipment ranging
in cost from approximately 60,000 to 400,000 depending upon unit hardware configuration, software platforms, and transducer selections. 

Optoacoustic Imaging 

This patented technology uses a combination of
anatomic and functional imaging via the use of laser optics and conventional ultrasound. Optoacoustic imaging looks for tumor angiogenesis.
The main company in this field - Seno Medical Instruments Seno - uses proprietary laser techniques to locate oxyhemoglobin
and deoxyhemoglobin signatures in breast tumors and these patterns can help clinicians decide which tumors to target for biopsy. This
device, which is undergoing Pre-Market Approval and clinical pivotal studies, appears to be close to FDA approval. 

Single-Breath Photoacoustic Computed Tomography 

This new modality called BH-PACT, similar to CTLM 
discussed below, features a deep penetration depth (4 cm in vivo) with high spatial and temporal resolutions (255 m in-plane resolution
and a 10 Hz 2D frame rate). By scanning the entire breast within a single breath hold (~15 s), a volumetric image can be acquired and
subsequently reconstructed utilizing 3D back-projection with negligible breathing-induced motion artifacts. SBH-PACT clearly reveals tumors
by observing higher blood vessel densities associated with tumors at high spatial resolution, showing early promise for high sensitivity
in radiographically dense breasts. In addition to blood vessel imaging, the high imaging speed enables dynamic studies, such as photoacoustic
elastography, which identifies tumors by showing less compliance. The research group imaged breast cancer patients with breast sizes ranging
from B cup to DD cup, and skin pigmentations ranging from light to dark. SBH-PACT identified all the tumors without resorting to ionizing
radiation or exogenous contrast, posing no health risks. Diffuse optical tomography has been investigated to provide functional optical
contrast. However, the spatial resolution of the current prototypes limits their clinical use. Overall, each modality has notable advantages
and limitations. Photoacoustic computed tomography (PACT) is a promising complementary modality that overcomes many of these limitations. 

By developing this advanced breast imaging modality,
they provided a promising tool for future clinical use including not only screening, but also diagnostic studies to determine extent of
disease, to assist in surgical treatment planning, and to assess responses to neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Compared to mammography, SBH-PACT
utilizes non-ionizing radiation, shows early promise for sensitivity in radiographically dense breasts, and imposes less or no pain by
only slightly compressing the breast against the chest wall. Because the average hemoglobin concentration in malignant tumors is generally
twice that in benign tumors and using hemoglobin as the contrast, SBH-PACT can potentially monitor breast cancer s response to neoadjuvant
chemotherapy by acquiring information similar to that of contrast-enhanced MRI, yet with finer spatial resolution, higher imaging speed,
and only endogenous contrast. This new modality is under development at Caltech Optical Imaging Laboratory at the California Institute
of Technology. 

Breast Elastography 

This sonographic technology is increasingly being
used to better characterize breast lesions, by improving specificity of B-mode ultrasound. Two elastography modes are available: free-hand
and sheer-wave. Tissues have different elastic moduli and deform relative to its intrinsic stiffness. Breast Ultrasound Elastography (BUE)
has an 87 sensitivity, 90 specificity, and 88 diagnostic accuracy in defining breast lesions as either malignant or benign. BUE is
intended to have a high negative predictive value by reducing false positives. There are many quantitative and qualitative scoring systems
to characterize lesions by using BUE. Such schemata have been incorporated into the newest ACR Ultrasound BIRADS Lexicon manual. By using
these methods to characterize breast lesions, BUE is reported to increase diagnostic confidence, reduce unnecessary short-term follow
up and unneeded biopsy of benign breast tumors. 

7 

Molecular Breast Imaging 

This technique of MBI uses a nuclear medicine
agent called 99mTc Sestamibi, which is injected into the bloodstream and tends to accumulate in cancer cells within the breast, based
on differences in metabolism. Then the breast is imaged on 1 or 2 detectors for up to 40 minutes total or 10 minutes per breast x 2 views.
MBI is a functional study and the injected agent emits gamma rays which are identified on a scintillation crystal. By using MBI, there
is added radiation dose to the patient equal to 2/3 of the background dose but at the added benefit of detecting 8 more cancers per 1000
women when compared to mammography alone. This is an alternative study in women who have dense breasts and cannot undergo MRI but should
not be used in pregnant women. 

Positron Emission Mammography 

Positron emission mammography is a combination
anatomic functional study of the breast utilizing a radiation emitting agent called FDG or 18-fluorodeoxyglucose or FDG-18 that is taken
up in cancer cells that are utilizing glucose as an energy source. This procedure requires the patient to fast for up to 6 hours, requires
40 minutes total of scan time and is used to determine recurrence of cancer from scar tissue, when women cannot undergo MRI, or response
to treatment. Because of the moderately high radiation dose, it is not used for screening but more for problem solving. 

CTLM 

The CTLM system is a Diffuse
Optical Tomography (DOT) CT-like scanner. Its energy source is a laser beam portion of the electromagnetic spectrum not ionizing radiation
such as is used in conventional x-ray mammography or CT scanners. We believe that the advantages of imaging without ionizing radiation
are very significant. CTLM is an emerging imaging modality offering the potential of functional imaging equivalent, which can visualize
the process of angiogenesis - that may be used by the radiologist or responsible physician to distinguish between benign and malignant
tissue. X-ray mammography is a well-established method of imaging the breast but has limitations especially in dense breast cases. While
x-ray mammography and ultrasound generally produce two dimensional images (2D) of the breast, the CTLM produces 3D images. Ultrasound
is often used as an adjunct to mammography to help differentiate tumors from cysts or help to localize a biopsy site. We believe the
CTLM will be used to provide the radiologist with additional information to manage the clinical case via angiogenesis detection;
help diagnose breast cancer earlier; reduce diagnostic uncertainty especially in mammographically dense breast cases; and may help decrease
the number of biopsies performed for benign lesions. Because breast cancers nearly always develop in the dense glandular tissue of the
breast (and very rarely in the fatty tissue), women who have mostly dense tissue on a mammogram are at an increased risk of breast cancer,
via failed mammographic detection. Abnormalities in dense breasts can be more difficult to detect on a mammogram. 

The CTLM technology is unique and protected
by a combination of trade secrets and patents. A CTLM breast exam is non-invasive and can be performed by a medical technologist.
A patient lies face down or prone on a scanning table with one breast suspended naturally into a specially designed scanning chamber.
The scanner images the breast in contiguous slices from chest wall to nipple in minutes. One breast is scanned at a time. The CTLM 
is a sophisticated electro-mechanical scanner under microprocessor and computer control. Results are available immediately in digital
format for comparison to mammography results, consultation, transmission to multimodality reading stations, or archiving. 

Images and study results present as multiple-slice
data sets which can be viewed slice-by-slice or as a 3D volume with image manipulation tools. Images are usually viewed in gray and green
color shades, since color displays are common with other molecular imaging modalities such as nuclear medicine, PET, fMRI, and in radiation
therapy imaging. 

Since the Viable Acquisition we have focused on
revitalizing the CTLM technology. We completed the upgrade of the CTLM to the CTLM 2.0 in late 2016. We took the following
principal steps in this upgrade: 

Collecting and archiving all the documents to build the gantry
and the cover of the scanner. 

Collecting and archiving all the documents to build the controllers
of the scanner. 

8 

Collecting and archiving all the software codes that are necessary
to maintain the scanner. 

Simulating industry standard architecture (ISA) bus using a
digital input/output (IO) card on a peripheral component interconnect (PCI) bus in order to be able to use modern computers without modifying
any controller of the scanner. 

Replacing two racks of obsolete and bulky power supplies with
a simple and small medical grade power supply. 

Replacing the operator console computer. 

Replacing the obsolete Windows 2000 operating system with Windows
8. 

We continue to work to further advance the CTLM 
technology and the quality and efficiency of our systems. 

We believe it is critical to provide physicians
with a visualization tool that allows them to find angiogenesis from the CTLM images with minimal false positives as well as minimal
false negatives. Currently, IDSI includes as a CTLM operating component a software package known as Physician Console 
to enable physicians to read CTLM images. Limited signal to noise image ratios and a lack of quantitative data are among the drawbacks
of this visualization software package. 

We are developing and plan to release a new software
package known as CTLM Physician Workstation to replace the Physician Console and provide with each CTLM the capability
to identify, locate and measure an angiogenesis area. No date has been set for its release. 

The CTLM Physician Workstation possesses
the key features of the Physician Console and has many additional features not contained in the console, including: 

A volumetric approach to find angiogenesis using vascular regions,
MIP, ESSD and TSSD views. 

Image measurements to find the CTLM numbers of a pixel
in a CTLM image and the distance between two points of the breast using a CTLM image. 

Volume measurement of a high absorption area that could be an
angiogenesis area. 

Image correlation between CTLM images or between a CTLM 
image and another image from a different modality such as mammography. 

Commands to manipulate images which are context sensitive, with
most having shortcut keys. 

Reading DICOM images. 

Online help. 

New tools including image segmentation, object collection and
volume measurement to monitor neoadjuvant chemotherapy treatment. Physicians will be able to quantify the volume of angiogenesis area
as a measure of potential tumor regression or non-response from chemotherapy. 

Since 2017, we began working on development of
our CTLM 3.0 scanner. This newly designed scanner will offer a very high throughput, with the scan time potentially being reduced
from 20 to 2 minutes for a 100-slice breast scan. We believe that this increased efficiency will be achieved with image quality at least
as good as that of the CTLM 2.0, with diminished stair-step artifact and improved signal to noise ratio. 

Further, we believe that the CTLM 3.0 will
be substantially easier and less expensive to manufacture, install and service, compared to the 2.0 version. 

9 

The principal features of the CTLM 3.0 under
development are: 

New helical scanning mode. 

New small footprint of the scanner. 

New gantry. 

Capability to move the scan chamber (in the X and Y axis)
to center the breast. 

Capability to collect data about 2mm closer to the chest
wall compared to the 2.0 version. 

New data acquisition system for faster scanning and improved
signal to noise ratio. 

New scan controls. 

Use of wireless technology in scanning operations and visualization. 

New database. 

New graphical user interface (GUI). 

New software package to scan, reconstruct and visualize. 

Compatibility with DICOM 3.0. 

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this project has
been delayed. Until there is adequate working capital from sales revenue or additional capital funding, this project has been put on hold. 

FLUORESCENCE IMAGING 

Fluorescence and molecular imaging techniques
are of growing importance to the drug development industry and for disease detection. Certain molecules exhibit the phenomenon of emitting
light after being illuminated by light of an appropriate wavelength, e.g., from a laser. The light that is emitted is referred to as fluorescent 
light. The compounds that produce fluorescence are commonly referred to as fluorescent dyes. At least one company to our knowledge is
developing a fluorescent compound for possible use in breast cancer detection. 

The CTLM system laser diodes can stimulate
fluorescent light emissions when used in conjunction with such compounds. When an appropriate fluorescent compound has been introduced
into the blood, areas with an abundance of blood vessels, i.e., the angiogenesis associated with a tumor, may retain a higher concentration
of the fluorescent compound. As the CTLM scanner illuminates these areas, fluorescent light is emitted and detected. Reconstructed
CTLM images then locate and quantify the fluorescent area within the area of interest. 

Several CTLM systems were retrofitted with
laser diodes tuned to specific wavelengths of light which matched the compounds. Optical filters limited the spectral responses to selected
wavelengths. Experiments were conducted by placing fluorescent compounds inside a breast equivalent phantom and scanning it with CTLM .
To our knowledge we were the first with the ability to excite a fluorescent compound, detect its location within the simulated breast,
and create an image. On September 14, 1999, a patent was issued to IDSI titled Laser Imaging Apparatus Using Biomedical Markers
that Bind to Cancer Cells as Patent No 5,952,664. This patent expired on January 16, 2018. 

In March 2002, we signed an agreement with Schering
AG to evaluate the advantages of new fluorescence compounds for the potential use of detecting breast cancer. We installed three CTLM 
systems for Schering AG s clinical trials: one at Charit s Robert-R ssle Clinic in Berlin, one at the University
of Muenster, and the third at Charit Hospital in Berlin, Germany as part of their Phase 1 clinical studies of fluorescent imaging
compounds. In November 2005, we announced that Schering AG had completed the evaluation of fluorescent imaging compound SF64 with three
modified CT Laser Mammography systems. 

In July 2009, we announced the commencement of
a breast cancer imaging study at the Charit , Medical University in Berlin, Germany. The study examined the potential role of the
CTLM as an enhanced breast cancer screening tool when used in combination with the fluorescent dye, Indocyanine Green (ICG). The
study was conducted at the Campus Virchow-Klinikum and the principal investigator was radiologist Dr. Alexander Poellinger. Pending further
investigation, technical refinement and funding, IDSI has postponed its efforts to research and develop fluorescence imaging techniques. 

10 

GOVERNMENT REGULATION AND APPROVALS 

United States Regulation 

The CTLM is a medical device and it is subject
to the relevant provisions of the United States Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FD C Act and its implementing regulations. Pursuant
to the FD C Act, the FDA regulates, among other things, the manufacturing, labeling, distribution, and promotion of the CTLM 
in the United States. The Act requires that a medical device must (unless exempted by regulation) be cleared or approved by the FDA before
being commercially distributed in the United States. The FD C Act also requires that manufacturers of medical devices, among other
things, comply with specific labeling requirements and manufacture devices in accordance with Current Good Manufacturing Practices, which
require that companies manufacture their products and maintain related documentation in a conformed manner with respect to manufacturing,
testing, and quality control activities. The FDA inspects medical device manufacturers and distributors, and has broad authority to order
recalls of medical devices, to seize non-complying medical devices, to enjoin and/or impose civil penalties, and to criminally prosecute
violators. 

The FDA classifies medical devices intended for
human use into three classes: Class I; Class II; and Class III. The CTLM is a Class III device. A PMA is the FDA process of scientific
and regulatory review to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of Class III medical devices. Class III devices are those that support
or sustain human life, are of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human health, or which present a potentially unreasonable
risk of illness or injury. Due to the level of risk associated with Class III devices, the FDA has determined that general and special
controls alone are insufficient to assure the safety and effectiveness of Class III devices. Therefore, these devices require a PMA application
in order to obtain marketing clearance. 

The FDA automatically classifies new technologies in Class III when
limited safety information is available and no predicate device is available. It allows for multiple clinical studies to be pursued to
gather the necessary data to obtain safety and clinical information to be used for future FDA submissions. At the time that we were developing
the CTLM system and considering our options for obtaining marketing clearance there was not enough data on laser-based technologies
nor were there approved other new medical devices dedicated to breast imaging other than the traditional x-ray technology. As a result,
the FDA in an August 2011 letter recommended that we seek a PMA application, and we decided to proceed accordingly. After receipt of the
PMA, IDSI can apply to have the risk reduced to the Class II risk classification where other diagnostic devices are classified. 

Progress toward submitting a PMA application during
2012-13 was significantly delayed and then eventually halted due to lack of funding, which required us to lay off key employees and terminate
our clinical activities and prevented us from hiring the necessary FDA consultants required to assist in the process. 

Following the Viable Acquisition, our new management
conducted a detailed analysis of our pre-acquisition FDA approval process and formulated a new plan for obtaining the approval, backed
by Viable s commitment to provide the necessary funding. We hired a new specialized regulatory consulting firm and legal counsel
with expertise in the FDA Approval process. We determined that, unfortunately, our pre-acquisition clinical data could not be used due
to non-conformance with FDA requirements. Consequently, we decided to conduct new clinical studies in order to collect the patient data
required for our new PMA application. In December 2015, we and our consultants met with the FDA examiners responsible for our approval
process, and we presented our proposed approach for data collection, patient selection and data analysis. After receiving the FDA examiners 
input (critiques and suggestions), we began working on a revised PMA protocol and also re-evaluating our PMA strategy. 

After our December 2015 informational meeting
with the FDA, we drafted a revised clinical investigation plan CIP for purposes of the PMA process; however, we have not
yet submitted the CIP to the FDA as we have been focusing since 2016 on our initial goal of obtaining CFDA marketing clearance and launching
operations in China. We are awaiting more clinical data from China in order to formulate our PMA pathway and strategy. All of the data
and trials we have assembled and conducted to date are for internal evaluation purposes and not for submission to the FDA. Once we have
developed a clear PMA strategy in conjunction with our FDA consultants, all of our clinical trials going forward will be designed to meet
the FDA s requirements for the PMA process. 

Based on our current CIP, the intended use of
the CTLM is an adjunct to mammography for breast cancer screening in asymptomatic women who have dense (heterogeneously or extremely)
breasts per ACR categories. We may also pursue application of our technology in the neoadjuvant therapy areas. We will rely on our FDA
consultants to determine estimated costs and milestones for the PMA process which will resume when we have adequate funding from operations
and/or from Viable and its affiliates; however, there can be no assurance that we will secure this funding. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to timely submit our PMA application or that, if submitted, we will ultimately receive approval of the application
by the FDA. If we are unable to timely obtain marketing clearance for the CTLM in the United States, our business and financial condition
could be materially adversely affected. 

11 

We will be able to submit our PMA application
only after successful completion and analysis of the relevant clinical trials, the plans for which have yet to be determined. 

Submission of a PMA application is followed by
a four-step review process consisting of: 

Administrative and limited scientific review by FDA staff to determine completeness (acceptance and filing reviews); 

In-depth scientific, regulatory, and quality system review by appropriate FDA personnel (substantive review); 

Review and recommendation by the appropriate advisory committee (panel review); and 

Final deliberations, documentation and notification of the FDA decision. 

FDA regulations provide 180 days to review a PMA
application and make a determination. In reality, the review time is normally longer. Before approving or denying a PMA application, the
appropriate FDA advisory committee may review the application at a public meeting and provide the FDA with the committee s recommendation
on whether the FDA should approve the submission. After the FDA notifies the applicant that the application has been approved or denied,
a notice is published on the Internet (1) announcing the data on which the decision is based, and (2) providing interested persons an
opportunity to petition the FDA within 30 days for reconsideration of the decision. 

The third-party manufacturers upon which we will
depend to manufacture our products are required to adhere to applicable FDA regulations regarding quality systems regulations commonly
referred to as QSRs, which include testing, control and documentation requirements. Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements,
including marketing and promoting products for unapproved use, could result in warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, recall
or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, refusal of the government to grant pre-market clearance or approval
for devices, withdrawal of approvals and criminal prosecution. Changes in existing regulations or adoption of new government regulations
or policies could prevent or delay regulatory approval of our products. Material changes to medical devices also are subject to FDA review
and clearance or approval. 

Any products manufactured or distributed by us
pursuant to FDA marketing clearance will be subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA. Labeling, advertising and promotional
activities are subject to scrutiny by the FDA and, in certain instances, by the Federal Trade Commission. In addition, the marketing and
use of our products may be regulated by various state agencies. The export of medical devices is also subject to regulation in certain
instances. Both the FDA and the individual states may inspect the manufacturers of our products on a routine basis for compliance with
current QSR regulations and other requirements. 

In addition to the foregoing, we are subject to
numerous federal, state, and local laws relating to such matters as safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, environmental protection,
and fire hazard control. There can be no assurance that we will not be required to incur significant costs to comply with such laws and
regulations and that such compliance will not have a material adverse effect upon our ability to conduct business. See Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Cautionary Statements Extensive Government Regulation,
No Assurance of Regulatory Approvals . 

International Regulatory Overview 

IDSI has upgraded its quality system for manufacturing
from ISO 13485:2003 to ISO 13485:2016 in June 2018 by successfully passing our certification audit conducted by Underwriters Laboratory UL ). Our quality management certificate was renewed through July 26, 2022. 

12 

Europe 

Based on our initial UL certification, in 2001 we obtained the CE Mark,
which is required for us to sell the CTLM in the European Union EU ). Even though our CE Mark is effective through
July 2021, we have decided not to renew it for this year and to consider reapplying in 2 to 3 years to avoid substantial regulatory fees.
We will maintain our ISO 13485:2016 certification which will allow us to pursue FDA marketing clearance and the CE Mark in the future. 

China 

We received CTLM CFDA approval effective
November 16, 2018 to November 15, 2023 as disclosed in our Form 8-K report filed on December 11, 2018. 

Australia,
Brazil, Canada, Japan and the United States 

IDSI is currently upgrading its QMS to meet the
requirements of the Medical Device Single Audit Program (MDSAP) in 2019 which will satisfy the audit and QMS requirements for these countries.
This sets the stage for IDSI to register the CTLM in each of these countries so that it can eventually be marketed, subject to satisfaction
of other relevant regulations in each country. 

DOMESTIC SALES AND MARKETING 

The CTLM will be positioned as an adjunct
to x-ray mammography and may be especially useful in studies of dense breasts. Consequently, CTLM will be marketed to centers performing
x-ray mammography. There are approximately 8,600 Mammography Quality Standards Act (MQSA) centers certified in the United States. Marketing
and sales in the U.S. cannot occur unless and until we receive pre-market approval from the FDA. IDSI will begin marketing to the centers
following FDA approval. 

Since Diffuse Optical Tomography for laser breast
imaging is a new imaging modality the rate at which the CTLM achieves market acceptance and penetration will depend on many variables.
These include, but are not limited to, the establishment and demonstration in the medical community of the clinical safety, efficacy,
and cost-effectiveness of the CTLM , and the advantage of the CTLM when used as an adjunct to existing technology and cancer
detection methods. 

The medical community and U.S. government have
recognized the need to address health concerns for women with dense breasts. As per https://densebreast-info.org/ 38 states and the District
of Columbia have enacted mandatory breast density legislation. These laws require physicians to inform women who have undergone mammography
regarding and about their breast density or about dense breast in general. Why the worry? Because 

1. 
 BREAST
 DENSITY CAN OBSCURE CANCERS. Breast density increases the likelihood that cancer will be missed by mammography; as breast density
 increases, mammographic sensitivity decreases. 

2. 
 BREAST DENSITY IS AN INDEPENDENT RISK FACTOR FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF BREAST CANCER. Women with the densest breasts are 4 to 6-fold more likely to develop breast cancer than women with the least dense breasts. 

3. 
 IDENTIFY THE HIGH-RISK PATIENT WHO NEEDS INCREASED SURVEILLANCE. Annual supplemental MRI screening is recommended in high-risk women beginning at age 25. 

4. 
 UNDERSTAND SCREENING OPTIONS FOR WOMEN WITH DENSE BREASTS. If a woman has dense breasts, should she consider supplemental screening beyond mammography alone? 

5. 
 THERE ARE RISKS OF FALSE POSITIVES WITH ANY SCREENING STRATEGY. Tomosynthesis (3D mammography) can reduce false positives and improve cancer detection, but is it available for your patients, and is it warranted? 

If the classification of dense breasts is made
for a patient, then she may want to discuss other screening options shown by guiding flow charts. These laws were put in place to help
women get the necessary information to decide on further action if they were notified that they have dense breast tissue. In conjunction
with these laws, the 114th U.S. Congress has introduced a National Standard for Density Reporting. According to the American College of
Radiology approximately 50 of women are considered to have dense breasts. Failure of our products to gain market acceptance would have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. There can be no assurance that physicians or
the medical community in general will accept and/or utilize the CTLM . 

13 

In order to effectively market any products we
may develop, we will have to develop a marketing and distribution channel with technical expertise and distribution capability. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to establish sales and distribution capabilities or that we will be successful in gaining market
acceptance for the CTLM or any other products we may develop. 

INTERNATIONAL SALES AND MARKETING 

The only regulatory clearance we have now is CFDA
marketing clearance in China, and we rely on our affiliate Xi an IDI for all sales and marketing efforts in China. If and when we
renew our CE Mark and obtain regulatory marketing clearances in other foreign countries, we plan to rely on strategic relationships with
key international distributors for sales and service of the CTLM . Financial and logistical considerations make a direct sales model
unfeasible. Costs associated with maintaining direct relationships with specific contacts and customers, hiring appropriately trained
sales, marketing and service personnel or ensuring compliance with local product registration requirements all lead us to utilize a distributor
sales model. 

Sales of CTLM systems outside of the United
States are subject to foreign regulatory requirements that vary widely from country to country. The time required to obtain approval for
sale in foreign countries may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA clearance or approval, and the requirements may differ.
The laws of certain European and Asian countries permit us to market the CTLM in those countries before marketing would be permitted
in the United States. As a result, we sold 26 CTLM systems before the Viable Acquisition. In order to export the CTLM to other
countries we must obtain and maintain the FDA Certificate of Exportability for the CTLM . This certificate is required for the export
of Class III medical devices which have not received U.S. marketing clearance. The Certificate of Exportability must be renewed every
two years. IDSI s current certificate expired on August 20, 2020, but we are in the process of renewing the certificate. 

Prior to the Viable Acquisition, IDSI had obtained
China marketing clearance through SFDA approval no. 20043241646 in August 2004. This approval expired in August 2008. We obtained a second
SFDA approval no. 20093242463 in October 2009. These approvals allowed limited government reimbursement for the CTLM . Four CTLM 
systems were sold to China Far East International Trading Corp. in 2004, and in 2007 a CTLM was placed at Tianjin Cancer Hospital
where a clinical study was conducted by Jin Qi, MD, who wrote a clinical paper at the conclusion of her study. The paper was published
in the March-April 2013 issue of Clinical Imaging which can be found at www.clinicalimaging.org . We were forced to terminate
our marketing efforts in China due to the loss of SFDA certification when SFDA changed from SFDA to CFDA in March 2013. Due to our lack
of financial resources, IDSI was not able to pursue CFDA approval until after the Viable Acquisition. 

Since the Viable Acquisition, we have decided
to refocus on the Chinese market as it is by far the largest international market for the CTLM , our management and Viable are very
familiar with that market, and China s more efficient regulatory procedures provide the opportunity to obtain marketing clearance
well before U.S. marketing clearance is likely to be obtained. 

In June 2017, we entered into a Technology Licensing
Agreement (the Xi an Agreement with Xi an IDI Laser Image Co. Ltd. Xi an IDI ), of Xi an,
Shaanxi Province, China. Xi an IDI is an affiliate of Viable. Pursuant to the Xi an Agreement, Xi an IDI has the exclusive
right to manufacture the CTLM in China and sell the CTLM in China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. Xi an IDI must pay to
IDSI on a quarterly basis a royalty of 25 of the gross revenues from the sale of the CTLM and related parts and accessories. We
expect to sell the CTLM in China for a price of approximately 250,000. 

The Company received CTLM CFDA approval effective
November 16, 2018 to November 15, 2023 as disclosed in the Company s 8-K filing on December 11, 2018. However, there can be no assurance
that we will obtain FDA marketing or other new international marketing clearances, that the CTLM will achieve market acceptance or
that sufficient revenues will be generated from sales of the CTLM to allow us to operate profitably. 

We have previously obtained the CE Mark and were
permitted to sell the CTLM in the 28 countries that are members of the European Union (EU); however, our lack of FDA marketing clearance
is a practical impediment to our marketing the CTLM in the EU and certain other countries as un-approved U.S. medical devices are
perceived as inferior in those countries. In analyzing the regulatory path forward, timeline, and costs associated with the level of effort
required to upgrade the Company s Quality Management System, we have decided not to renew our CE mark (required for sales in the
European Union) for this year and to consider reapplying in 2 to 3 years to avoid substantial regulatory fees. We will maintain our ISO
13485:2016 certification which will allow us to pursue U.S. marketing clearance and the CE Mark in the future. We intend to defer marketing
efforts in the EU until we believe we are close to receiving U.S. marketing clearance. 

14 

We will be subject to the substantial risks associated
with international sales, including economic and political instability, shipping delays, fluctuation of foreign currency exchange rates,
foreign regulatory requirements and various tariffs and trade restrictions, all of which could have a significant impact on our ability
to deliver products on a timely basis. Future imposition of, or significant increases in the level of tariffs, export quotas or other
trade restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The regulation
of medical devices continues to develop and there can be no assurance that new laws or regulations will not have an adverse effect on
us. 

THIRD-PARTY REIMBURSEMENT; HEALTH CARE REFORM 

In the United States, suppliers of health care
products and services are greatly affected by Medicare, Medicaid, and the Affordable Care Act ACA or the Act ),
as well as by private insurance reimbursement programs. Third-party payers (Medicare, Medicaid, private health insurance companies and
other organizations) may affect the pricing or relative attractiveness of our products by regulating the level of reimbursement provided
by such payers to the physicians and clinics utilizing the CTLM or by refusing reimbursement. There can be no assurance that third-party
payers will provide reimbursement for use of our products. In international markets, reimbursement by private third-party medical insurance
providers, including governmental insurers and independent providers, varies from country to country. In certain countries, our ability
to achieve significant market penetration may depend upon the availability of third-party governmental reimbursement. 

The U.S. President and Congress have enacted a
comprehensive reform of the U.S. healthcare system through the passage of the ACA, most of whose provisions took effect in 2013-14. The
ultimate effect of this new Act to reform health care is uncertain, and there can be no assurance that the changes made to the U.S. healthcare
system will not materially adversely affect us. Some of the provisions in the Act may limit and further reduce and control spending on
healthcare products and services, limit coverage for new technology and limit or control the price health care providers and drug and
device manufacturers may charge for their services and products, respectively. These reforms could cause U.S. healthcare providers to
limit use of or not use the CTLM systems, in which case we would be materially adversely affected. 

PRODUCT LIABILITY 

Our business exposes us to potential product liability
risks, which are inherent in the testing, manufacturing and marketing of cancer detection products. While the CTLM is being developed
as an adjunct to other diagnostic techniques, there can be no assurance that we will not be subjected to substantial claims and potential
liability. Before the Viable Acquisition we carried 3,000,000 in product liability insurance to cover both clinical sites and sales.
As part of our cost savings initiatives, we cancelled the policy as we had not had any adverse experiences after conducting more than
25,000 patient scans worldwide; however, if an end user such as a hospital or imaging center requires us to provide specific product liability
insurance, we intend to ensure that our insurance meets any reasonable requirements. 

COMPETITION 

The medical device industry generally, and the
diagnostic imaging segments in particular, are characterized by rapidly evolving technology and intense competition. The IDSI approach
of employing continuous wave laser optical technology in a CT-like device to produce 3D images for breast cancer detection is unique,
and the concept of imaging angiogenesis in the breast to differentiate between benign and malignant tissue is well accepted. 

Although the CTLM system is a CT-like scanner,
its energy source for imaging is a laser beam and not ionizing radiation such as is found in conventional x-ray mammography or CT scanners.
The advantage of imaging without ionizing radiation may be significant in our markets. X-ray mammography is a well-established method
of imaging the structures within the breast. Ultrasound is often used as an adjunct to help differentiate tumors and cysts. The CTLM 
is being marketed as an adjunct to mammography and will not compete directly with X-ray mammography. CTLM is, however, a method of
molecular functional imaging, which can visualize the process of angiogenesis which may be used to distinguish between benign and malignant
tissue. Unlike X-ray or ultrasound, optical molecular imaging is a revolutionary functional imaging modality. In this respect, CTLM 
may compete with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in breast imaging because both CTLM and MRI have the capacity to visualize function
at the molecular level. 

15 

To our knowledge, several companies have targeted
the breast optical imaging market. Advanced Research Technologies, Inc. (ART) (TSX:ARA) developed a non-3D imager which does not utilize
our proprietary continuous wave technology and in which the breast must be immersed in a gel to be scanned. As far as we know, ART has
not received a PMA and no information on the company or its product, SoftScan, is available since 2008. On February 18, 2013, ART Advanced
Research Technologies Inc. filed an assignment and KPMG Inc. was appointed as trustee of the estate of the bankrupt by the official receiver,
subject to affirmation by the creditors of the trustee s appointment or substitution of another trustee by the creditors. 

We expect, as patents on devices using lasers
as an energy source for optical imaging expire, to see medical device companies take an interest in laser imaging. IDSI has been a pioneer
in Diffuse Optical Tomography and has sold CTLM systems for commercial purposes. 

Several medical imaging companies such as Seno
Medical Instruments are developing devices that are multi-modality combining ultrasound with laser and could be viewed as competitive,
however, we are unaware of the launch of any such devices. 

We believe that we will face strong competition
in the coming years. Nonetheless, since new technologies and devices generally require substantial time for development and market acceptance,
we believe that we have a significant advantage due to our CFDA approval and launch of sales of our CTLM in the Chinese market. In
order to maintain our competitive advantages, we plan to increase our research and development efforts in order to enhance our existing
device and potentially develop new devices. We believe that ongoing innovation is a key to our success. 

PATENTS AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

The rapid technological advancements that characterize
the medical device industry have led us to rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, and confidentiality
procedures and processes to protect our CTLM and other technologies that we have developed. Due to the rising maintenance costs and
limited usefulness of patents, we have shifted our policy for protection of our intellectual property to focus principally on trade secrets
and confidential procedures and processes; however, we intend to file for new patents in circumstances where we believe the additional
protection is cost-effective. We believe that this approach will adequately protect our intellectual property and competitive position
in China and our other main potential markets; however, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to protect
our intellectual property. 

Patent Licensing Agreement 

IDSI was formed in December 1993 for the sole
purpose of developing and commercializing Mr. Richard Grable s invention, a CT laser breast-imaging device (the Mammoscan ).
In June 1998, IDSI signed an exclusive patent license agreement with Richard Grable, which covered his patent for some of the CTLM 
technology. The term of the license was for the life of the patent (17 years) and any renewals of the patent, subject to termination under
specific conditions. The patent license agreement expired in June 2015, when the underlying patent expired. No royalties were paid under
the agreement because royalties were payable only following FDA marketing clearance, which did not occur before expiration and still has
not occurred. 

Intellectual Property 

We hold the following U.S. patents: 

Patent # 
 
 For 
 
 Case # 
 
 Patent # 
 
 Patent 
Date 
 
 Exp. Date 

1 
 
 Optical Computed Tomography Scanner for Small Laboratory Animals. 
 
 7325 
 
 7,155,274 
 
 12/26/2006 
 
 11/21/2023 

2 
 
 Optical Computed Tomography Scanner for Small Laboratory Animals. 
 
 7325-1 
 
 7,212,848 
 
 5/1/2007 
 
 11/21/2023 

3 
 
 Laser Imaging Apparatus With Variable Patient Positioning. 
 
 7489 
 
 8,027,711 
 
 9/27/2011 
 
 1/7/2027 

4 
 
 Method for improving the accuracy if data obtained in a laser imaging apparatus. 
 
 7205 
 
 6681130 
 
 3/14/2002 
 
 3/14/2022 

16 

We intend to file for patents where we believe
the cost of obtaining a patent is economically reasonable in relation to the expected protection obtained. In particular, we intend to
seek patents covering the key technology underlying the CTLM 3.0. There can be no assurances that any patent that we apply for will
be issued, or that any patents issued will protect our technology. If the patents we license or obtain are infringed upon, or if we are
required to defend any patent infringement cases brought against us that will require substantial capital, the expenditure of which we
might not be able to afford, we could be materially adversely affected. 

Except as to the CTLM 3.0, we do not believe
that we need additional patents in order to adequately protect our existing intellectual property in China, the United States and other
key potential markets for the CTLM ; however, we will continually evaluate this position in light of changing circumstances. 

MANUFACTURING 

We intend to have the CTLM manufactured by
medical device contract manufacturers; however, we may develop the capability for limited manufacturing at our headquarters facility if
the circumstances so warrant. Strategically, IDSI has developed certain in-house capabilities to protect trade secrets. Our ability to
utilize contract manufacturers to manufacture our products on a timely and cost-competitive basis may be compromised due to high medical
standards and FDA manufacturing requirements applicable to our product. We may be hindered by the lack of options for additional or replacement
parts for product specific components or materials. In the event that we are unable to obtain sufficient raw materials or components on
financially reasonable terms or in a timely manner, we may be faced with material adverse effects on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

In June 2017, we entered into a licensing agreement
with Xi an IDI to manufacture and sell the CTLM and related parts and accessories in China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. While
manufacturing capacity has been shifted to Xi an IDI, we have identified Sparton Corp., Strongsville, Ohio (NYSE:SPA) as a potential
contract manufacturer to manufacture the CTLM and certain components in the U.S. 

EMPLOYEES 

Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, we had 4 full-time employees, not including
our CFO, who has been retained as a consultant. Two of our employees are employed in the areas of scientific, clinical and product research
and development. Our ability to develop our products and provide our services is dependent upon our recruiting, hiring and retaining qualified
technical personnel. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. On May 1, 2020, we furloughed all employees due to the COVID-19
pandemic. On September 15, 2020, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with the furloughed employees, converting them to independent
contractors who will provide services on an as needed basis for the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic. Despite having work stoppages,
we still consider our relations with our personnel to be good. 

Due to the specialized scientific nature of our
business, we are highly dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific, technical and managerial personnel. The
loss of the services of existing personnel as well as the failure to recruit key scientific, technical and managerial personnel in a timely
manner would be detrimental to our research and development programs and to our business. Our anticipated growth and expansion into areas
and activities requiring additional expertise, such as marketing, will require the addition of new management personnel. Competition for
qualified personnel is intense and there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel
necessary for the development of our business. Our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel has been made more challenging with
the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

CERTAIN FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS 

Our business and results of operations are subject
to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are described below. The risks, uncertainties and other factors described
below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks, uncertainties and other factors not presently known to us or that we
currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. 

17 

Any of the risks, uncertainties and other factors
could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations and could cause the trading price
of our common stock to decline substantially. 

The ongoing COVID-19 global pandemic and
measures taken in response thereto have materially adversely affected IDSI s research and development and commercialization
activities and its financial condition, and the full impact of the pandemic will depend on future developments, which are highly
uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

The COVID-19
pandemic has materially and adversely impacted the worldwide economy and financial markets, which could lead to a prolonged economic recession. In
response, governments in China, the U.S., and around the world, have taken unprecedented monetary and fiscal policy actions, and there
is significant uncertainty as to the timing of stabilization and recovery. The Company s business and financial condition have been
adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and its economic, political, and social consequences since March 2020, and this negative impact
has continued into the first quarter of fiscal year 2022. The negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken to contain
it may continue and even worsen for many more months or even years. The following are some of the issues that the Company continues to
face as a result of the ongoing crisis: 

Prolonged recessionary concerns . The
COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a significant reduction of economic activity in the U.S. and China, as well as a significant increase
in unemployment, which could lead to a prolonged economic recession; 

Inability to generate revenue from sales.
S ales and marketing efforts in China have been substantially delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Inability to raise capital. The continuation
of IDSI s operations and commercialization of the CTLM are highly
dependent upon our ability to raise capital. The COVID-19 pandemic has made it more difficult to find investors who would be willing to
invest during this time of uncertainty. 

Inability to make progress on our key R D project . The CTLM 3.0 project has been delayed
due to our furloughing employees in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting lack of funding. 

Risks related to our financial condition 

We have a history of losses and we expect to incur additional losses. 

We are a late-stage development stage company
with a limited history of operations, and we do not expect sufficient revenues to support our operations for at least the next 12 months.
Since our inception in December 1993, we have been engaged principally in the development of the CTLM , which has not received marketing
clearance for sale in the United States. While we have obtained FDA export approval for foreign sales, we have made only 26 foreign sales.
Consequently, we have limited experience in manufacturing, marketing, and selling our products. Since we have decided not to renew our
CE Mark for now and are not pursuing FDA marketing clearance at this time, we do not expect to receive revenues from sales of the CTLM 
systems in the EU or in the US for the foreseeable future. We currently have no source of material operating revenues and have incurred
substantial net operating losses since our inception. We do not expect to receive any sales revenues from China until the third or fourth
quarter of fiscal 2022. 

To date, we have not been profitable, and our
accumulated deficit was 134,817,667 at June 30, 2021 after discounts and dividends on preferred stock. These losses have resulted principally
from costs associated with research and development, clinical trials and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations.
While we seek to attain profitability, we cannot be sure that we will ever achieve sufficient revenue to attain this objective. 

We expect operating losses will continue for at
least the next 12 months due to lack of substantial revenues and potential additional expenses associated with: 

demonstration sites, 

clinical collaboration sites, 

FDA Pre-Market Approval PMA needed for marketing clearance, 

anticipated commercialization of the CTLM , and 

other research and development programs. 

18 

Our auditors have raised substantial doubts
as to our ability to continue as a going concern as we have not been and may not be able to be profitable. 

We have received an opinion from our auditors
stating that the fact that we have suffered substantial losses and have yet to generate an internal cash flow raises substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to achieve profitability will depend on our ability to obtain regulatory
approvals for the CTLM , develop the capacity to manufacture and market the CTLM and achieve market acceptance of the CTLM .
There can be no assurance we will achieve profitability if and when we receive regulatory approvals for the development, commercial manufacturing
and marketing of the CTLM . 

We will require additional financing to
continue our operations. 

Our current cash position is not sufficient to
meet our working capital needs for the next 12 months based on the pace of our planned activities. To continue operations, we will require
additional funds to support our working capital requirements and any expansion or other activities. In the absence of such funding, we
will need to significantly reduce our clinical trials and other planned activities or suspend operations. 

Through June 30, 2021, we had a cumulative deficit
of 134,817,667. Our currently estimated annual expenses are approximately 1.5 million. In the year following receipt of the PMA for
our CTLM from the FDA, we anticipate that we will need approximately 5 million of additional funding to fully complete all necessary
stages in order to manufacture and market the CTLM in the United States and foreign countries, including funds for: 

research, engineering and development programs, 

pre-clinical and clinical testing of the family of products, 

regulatory processes, 

inventory, 

marketing programs, and 

operating expenses (including general and administrative expenses). 

Our future capital requirements depend on many
factors, including the following: 

the
progress of our research and development projects, 

the
progress of pre-clinical and clinical testing on other proposed products, 

the
time and cost involved in obtaining regulatory approvals, 

the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any
patent claims and other intellectual property rights; competing technological and market developments; changes and developments in our
existing collaborative, licensing and other relationships and the terms of any new collaborative, licensing and other arrangements that
we may establish, and 

the development of commercialization activities and arrangements. 

In addition, our fixed commitments are substantial
and would increase if additional agreements were entered into and additional personnel were retained. We do not expect to generate a positive
internal cash flow for at least 12 months due to an anticipated increase in marketing and manufacturing expenses associated with the international
commercialization of the CTLM , expenses associated with our FDA process, and the costs associated with advanced product development
activities. 

Although we have from time-to-time reviewed opportunities
provided to us by investment bankers or potential investors in regard to additional equity financings, there can be no assurance that
additional financing will be available when needed, or if available, will be available on acceptable terms. Insufficient funds may prevent
us from implementing our business strategy and will require us to further delay, scale back or eliminate our research, product development
and marketing programs; and may require us to license to third parties rights to commercialize products or technologies that we would
otherwise seek to develop ourselves, or to scale back or eliminate our other operations. 

19 

Risks related to our technologies 

We depend on third-party licensing agreements
for patents and software without which our operations may be curtailed. 

We own five United States patents and one international
patent related to optical tomography. We also have several non-exclusive licensing agreements for software providing image reconstruction,
backup, encryption and DICOM from third-parties. If any of these agreements were terminated, our operations may be curtailed until alternative
solutions were found. 

Our business would lose its primary competitive
advantage if we are unable to protect our proprietary technology, or if substantially the same technology is developed by others. 

We rely primarily on a combination of trade secrets,
patents, copyright and trademark laws, and confidentiality procedures to protect our technology. Our ability to compete effectively in
the medical imaging products industry will depend on our success in protecting our proprietary technology in the United States, China
and other major countries. There can be no assurances that any patent that we apply for in the future will be issued, or that any patents
issued will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, that we will have the financial resources to enforce them, or that the rights
granted will provide any competitive advantage. We could incur substantial costs in defending any patent infringement suits or in asserting
any patent rights, including those granted by third parties, the expenditure of which we might not be able to afford. Although we have
entered into confidentiality and invention agreements with our employees and consultants, there can be no assurance that these agreements
will be honored or that we will be able to protect our rights to our non-patented trade secrets and know-how effectively. There can be
no assurance that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain
access to our trade secrets and know-how. In addition, we may be required to obtain licenses to patents or other proprietary rights from
third parties. If we do not obtain required licenses, we could encounter delays in product development or find that the development, manufacture,
or sale of products requiring these licenses could be foreclosed. Additionally, we may, from time to time, support and collaborate in
research conducted by universities and governmental research organizations. There can be no assurance that we will have or be able to
acquire exclusive rights to the inventions or technical information derived from such collaborations or that disputes will not arise with
respect to rights in derivative or related research programs that we conducted in conjunction with these organizations. 

Even though we have received CFDA approval
to sell the CTLM systems in China, no sales in China have occurred yet. Until sales of the CTLM begin in China, our ability
to generate revenues from operations will be very limited and those revenues will be insufficient to sustain operations. Many factors
impact our ability to obtain FDA marketing clearance, and we may not obtain US regulatory approval at all. 

The only current approval for commercial sale
of the CTLM by a medical device regulatory authority is the CFDA approval, which allows us to market and sell the CTLM systems
in China. We believe that receiving FDA marketing clearance is crucial for marketing of the CTLM systems in the US, the EU and other
countries. After the Viable Acquisition, we restarted the PMA process for the CTLM in the United States and had an informational
meeting with the FDA on December 7, 2015. However, the PMA process was put on hold until more data is obtained from pilot studies being
conducted in China. If and when we restart the PMA process, pre-clinical and clinical trials of our products, and the manufacturing and
marketing of our technologies, will be subject to extensive, costly and rigorous regulation by governmental authorities in the United
States. The process of obtaining required regulatory approvals from the FDA and other regulatory authorities often takes many years, is
expensive, and can vary significantly based on the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates. Delays in obtaining United
States, or other foreign approvals for CTLM systems could result in substantial additional costs to us, and, therefore, could adversely
affect our ability to continue operations. Even if regulatory approval is ultimately granted in any country, the approval may place limitations
on the intended use of the CTLM , and may restrict the way in which we are permitted to market the CTLM . 

20 

It may be necessary to enter into unfavorable
agreements or defend lawsuits which would be costly if we infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. 

There has been substantial litigation regarding
patent and other intellectual property rights in the medical device and related industries. We have been, and may be in the future, notified
that we may be infringing on intellectual property rights possessed by other third parties. If any claims are asserted against our intellectual
property rights, we may seek to enter into royalty or licensing arrangements. There is a risk in situations that no license will be available
or that a license will not be available on reasonable terms. Alternatively, we may decide to litigate these claims or design around the
patented technology. These actions could be costly and would divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel.
Consequently, any infringement claims by third parties or other claims for indemnification by customers resulting from infringement claims,
whether or not proven to be true, may be costly to defend and may further limit the use of our technology. 

We may not be able to keep up with the rapid
technological change in the medical imaging industry which could make the CTLM obsolete. 

Methods for the detection of cancer are subject
to rapid technological innovation and there can be no assurance that technical changes will not render our proposed products obsolete.
Although we believe that the CTLM can be upgraded to maintain its state-of-the-art character, the development of new technologies
or refinements of existing ones might make our existing system technologically or economically obsolete, or cause a reduction in the value
of, or reduce the need for, our CTLM . There can be no assurance that the development and commercial availability of new types of
diagnostic medical equipment or technology will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. Although we are aware of no substantial technological changes pending in diffuse optical tomography, should a change occur,
there can be no assurance that we will be able to acquire the new or improved technology which may be required to update the CTLM . 

Due to legal and factual uncertainties regarding
the scope and protection afforded by patents and other proprietary rights, we may not have meaningful protection from competition. 

Our long-term success will substantially depend
upon our ability to protect our proprietary technologies from infringement, misappropriation, discovery, and duplication and upon our
ability to avoid infringing the proprietary rights of others. As time moves forward, many patents on optical tomography will be expiring
and be in the public domain. Our patent rights and the patent rights of biotechnology and medical device companies in general are highly
uncertain and include complex legal and factual issues. These uncertainties also mean that any patents that we own or will obtain in the
future could be subject to challenge, and, even if not challenged, they may not provide us with meaningful protection from competition.
Due to our financial uncertainties, we may not possess the financial resources necessary to enforce our patents. Patents already issued
to us or our pending applications may become subject to dispute, and any dispute could be resolved against us. 

Also because of these legal and factual uncertainties,
and because pending patent applications are held in secrecy for varying periods in the United States and other countries, even after reasonable
investigation we may not know with certainty whether any products that we (or a licensee) may develop will infringe upon any patent or
other intellectual property right of a third party. For example, we are aware of certain patents owned by third parties that such parties
could attempt to use in the future in efforts to affect our freedom to practice some of the patents that we own or have applied for. Based
upon the science and scope of these third-party patents, we believe that the patents that we own or have applied for do not infringe any
such third-party patents; however, we cannot know for certain whether we could successfully defend our position, if challenged. We may
incur substantial costs if we are required to defend our intellectual property in patent suits brought by third parties. These legal actions
could seek damages and seek to enjoin testing, manufacturing and marketing of the accused product or process. In addition to potential
liability for significant damages, we could be required to obtain a license to continue to manufacture or market the accused product or
process. 

Several of our patents are due to expire
over the next few years. 

We have one US patent that is due to expire in
March 2022. Two other US patents are due to expire in November 2023. There is no guarantee that we will be able to extend the life of
these patents or to obtain additional patents, licenses, or other instruments that can provide us with a comparable level of exclusivity
to the intellectual property underlying the expiring patents. If we cannot extend the life of these patents or obtain suitable replacements,
we may lose competitive advantage. 

21 

Risks related to marketing of our products
and potential products 

We depend on market acceptance to sell our
products, which have not been proven, and a lack of acceptance would depress our sales. 

There can be no assurance that physicians or the
medical community in general will accept and utilize the CTLM or any other products that we develop. The extent and rate the CTLM 
achieves market acceptance and penetration will depend on many variables, including, but not limited to, the establishment and demonstration
in the medical community of the clinical safety, efficacy and cost-effectiveness of the CTLM and the advantages of the CTLM 
over existing technology and cancer detection methods. 

There can be no assurance that the medical community
and third-party payers will accept our unique technology. Similar risks will confront any other products we develop in the future. Failure
of our products to gain market acceptance would hinder our sales efforts resulting in a loss of revenues and potential profit and, ultimately,
could cause our business to fail. 

Risks associated with our industry 

Lack of third-party reimbursement may have
a negative impact on the sales of our products, which would negatively impact our revenues. 

In the United States, suppliers of health care
products and services are greatly affected by Medicare, Medicaid and other government insurance programs, such as the Affordable Care
Act, as well as by private insurance reimbursement programs. Third-party payers (Medicare, Medicaid, private health insurance companies,
and other organizations) may affect the pricing or relative attractiveness of our products by regulating the level of reimbursement provided
by these payers to the physicians, clinics and imaging centers utilizing the CTLM or any other products that we may develop, by refusing
reimbursement. The level of reimbursement, if any, may impact the market acceptance and pricing of our products, including the CTLM .
Failure to obtain favorable rates of third-party reimbursement could discourage the purchase and use of the CTLM as a diagnostic
device. 

In international markets, reimbursement by private
third-party medical insurance providers, including governmental insurers and independent providers varies from country to country. In
addition, such third-party medical insurance providers may require additional information or clinical data prior to providing reimbursement
for a product or service. In some countries, our ability to achieve significant market penetration may depend upon the availability of
third-party governmental reimbursement. Revenues and profitability of medical device companies may be affected by the continuing efforts
of governmental and third-party payers to contain or reduce the cost of health care through various means. 

Competition in the medical imaging industry
may result in competing products, superior marketing and lower revenues and profits for us. 

The market in which we intend to participate is
highly competitive. Many of the companies in the cancer diagnostic and screening markets have substantially greater technological, financial,
research and development, manufacturing, human and marketing resources and experience than we do. These companies may succeed in developing,
manufacturing and marketing products that are more effective or less costly than our products. The competition for developing a commercial
device utilizing computed tomography techniques and laser technology is difficult to ascertain given the proprietary nature of the technology. 

To IDSI s knowledge, no other company has
a functioning diffuse optical tomographic imaging device in commercial service designed for use as an adjunct to mammography. CTLM 
systems were used in clinical settings in Italy, Germany, Poland, the Peoples Republic of China, Hungary, Malaysia, and United Arab Emirates.
Although not verified, end users have reported that approximately 25,000 breast exams have been performed on CTLM systems. Methods
for the detection of cancer are subject to rapid technological innovation and there can be no assurance that future technical changes
will not render our CTLM obsolete. There can be no assurance that the development of new types of diagnostic medical equipment or
technology will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Risks related to our business and operations 

We must comply with extensive governmental
regulations and have no assurance of receiving critical regulatory approvals or clearances, the lack of which could cause us to cut back
or cease operations. 

A delay or inability to obtain any necessary regulatory
clearances or approvals, especially in the US, for our products would prevent or hinder us from selling the CTLM system in China
and other countries. 

22 

In the United States the CTLM is regulated
as a medical device and is subject to the FDA s requirements for marketing clearance. 

A PMA is the FDA process of scientific and regulatory
review to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of Class III medical devices. Class III devices are those that support or sustain human
life, are of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human health, or which present a potentially unreasonable risk of illness
or injury. Due to the level of risk associated with Class III devices, the FDA has determined that general and special controls alone
are insufficient to assure the safety and effectiveness of Class III devices. Therefore, these devices require a PMA application in order
to obtain marketing clearance. 

The FDA automatically classifies new technologies
in Class III when limited safety information is available and no predicate device is available. It allows for multiple clinical studies
to be pursued to gather the necessary data to obtain safety and clinical information to be used for future FDA submissions. At the time
that we were developing the CTLM system and considering marketing clearance, there was not enough data on laser-based technologies
nor were there approved other new medical devices dedicated to breast imaging other than the traditional x-ray technology. As a result,
the FDA recommended that we seek PMA approval. 

We depend upon suppliers with whom we have
no contracts, which suppliers could cause production disruption if they terminated or changed their relationships with us. 

We believe that there are a number of suppliers
for most of the components and subassemblies required for the CTLM ; however, at this time components for our laser system are provided
by one supplier. Although these components are provided by a limited number of other suppliers, we believe our laser supplier and their
products are the most reliable. We have no agreement with our laser supplier and purchase the laser components on an as-needed basis.
For certain services and components, we currently rely on single suppliers. If we encounter delays or difficulties with our third-party
suppliers in producing, packaging, or distributing components of the CTLM device, market introduction and subsequent sales would
be adversely affected. 

We have limited experience in sales, marketing
and distribution, which could negatively impact our ability to enter into collaborative arrangements or other third-party relationships
which are important to the successful development and commercialization of our products and potential profitability. 

We have limited internal marketing and sales resources
and personnel. In China, we must rely exclusively on Xi an IDI s ability to market and distribute the CTLM . There can
be no assurance that we will be able to establish sales and distribution capabilities or that we will be successful in gaining market
acceptance for any products we may develop. There can be no assurance that we or Xi an IDI will be able to recruit and retain skilled
sales, marketing, service or support personnel, that agreements with distributors will be available on terms commercially reasonable to
us, or at all, or that our marketing and sales efforts in the United States, China and/or elsewhere will be successful. 

There can be no assurance that we or Xi an
IDI will be able to further develop our distribution network on acceptable terms, if at all, or that any of our proposed marketing schedules
or plans can or will be met. 

We depend on qualified personnel to run
and develop our specialized business who we may be unable to retain or hire. 

Due to the specialized scientific nature
of our business, we are highly dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific, technical and managerial personnel.
The loss of the services of existing personnel, as well as the failure to recruit key scientific, technical and managerial personnel in
a timely manner would be detrimental to our research and development programs and could have an adverse impact upon our business affairs
and finances. Our anticipated growth and expansion into areas and activities requiring additional expertise, such as marketing, will require
the addition of new management personnel. Competition for qualified personnel is intense and there can be no assurance that we will be
able to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel necessary for the development of our business. 

23 

There may exist conflicts of interest on
the part of our officers and directors. 

Our directors and officers are or may become,
in their individual capacities, officers, directors, controlling shareholders and/or partners of other entities engaged in a variety of
businesses. Our officers and directors are engaged in business activities outside of the Company. There exist potential conflicts of interest
including, among other things, time, and effort as well as business combinations with other such entities. 

We have a limited manufacturing history
and must rely on contract manufacturers. 

In the United States we will have to contract
for the manufacture of the CTLM and its components in volumes that will be necessary for us to achieve significant commercial sales
in the event we begin substantial foreign sales outside of China and/or obtain regulatory approval to market our products in the United
States. We have limited experience in the manufacture of the CTLM . Should we elect to manufacture our products at our United States
facility, our manufacturing facility would be subject to the full range of the FDA s current quality system regulations. In China,
we will rely exclusively on Xi an IDI s ability to manufacture the CTLM efficiently and with the required quality. There
can be no assurance that the manufacturing efforts by our contractors in China and/or the United State, or by us if we choose to manufacture
directly, will be successful or cost-effective. 

We do not know if we will be able to produce
our products in commercial quantities. 

We have little experience manufacturing products
for large scale clinical testing or commercial purposes. We have only manufactured CTLM systems on the small scale needed for testing,
clinical trials, and a very limited number of approved foreign sales. We may encounter manufacturing and control problems as we attempt
to scale up. We may not be able to achieve such scale-up in a timely manner or at a commercially reasonable cost, if at all. Our failure
to solve any of these problems could delay or prevent commercialization of our products and could seriously impact the amount of our revenues
and our results of operations. 

We depend on third parties who may not be
in compliance with the FDA s quality system regulations which may delay the approval or decrease the sales of the CTLM . 

We have used and do use third parties to manufacture
and deliver the components of the CTLM and intend to continue to use third parties to manufacture and deliver these components and
other products we may develop. There can be no assurance that the third-party manufacturers we depend on for the manufacturing of CTLM 
components will be in compliance with the quality system regulations (QSR) at the time of the pre-approval inspection or will maintain
compliance afterwards. This failure could significantly delay FDA marketing clearance approval for the CTLM device. 

We will rely on international sales and
may be subject to risks associated with international commerce. 

In June 2017, we entered into a Technology Licensing
Agreement (the Xi an Agreement with Xi an IDI Laser Image Co. Ltd. Xi an IDI ), of Xi an,
Shaanxi Province, China. Xi an IDI is an affiliate of Viable. Pursuant to the Xi an Agreement, Xi an IDI has the exclusive
right to manufacture the CTLM in China and sell the CTLM in China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. Xi an IDI must pay to
IDSI on a quarterly basis a royalty of 25 of the gross revenues from the sale of the CTLM and related parts and accessories. We
recognize the potential market for the CTLM in the European Union (EU), South America and the Middle East. However, we are initially
focusing on those countries that can be serviced by Xi an IDI. Marketing in the Middle East can be problematic as some of the countries
in the Middle East are subject to economic sanctions and political instability. In this regard, IDSI is not marketing and will not market
the CTLM in countries that are subject to such sanctions, and IDSI has and will have no agreements, commercial arrangements, or other
contacts with the government or entities controlled by the government in any such country for so long as the sanctions remain in place.
Until we receive marketing clearance from the FDA to market the CTLM in the United States, our revenues, if any, will be derived
from sales by Xi an IDI in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau and sales to international distributors. A significant portion of
our revenues may be subject to the risks associated with international sales, including: 

economic and political instability, 

shipping delays, 

fluctuation of foreign currency exchange rates, 

24 

restrictions on our ability to repatriate funds from foreign
jurisdictions, 

foreign regulatory requirements, 

various tariffs and other trade restrictions, all of which could
have a significant impact on our ability to deliver products on a timely and cost-effective basis, and 

inability to collect outstanding receivables to the extent that
irrevocable letters of credit are not used. 

Significant increases in the level of customs
duties, export quotas or other trade restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. The regulation of medical devices in foreign countries continues to develop, and there can be no assurance that new laws
or regulations will not have a material adverse effect on us. In order to minimize the risk of doing business with distributors in countries
which are having difficult financial times, our international distribution agreements may require payment via an irrevocable letter of
credit drawn on a United States bank prior to shipment of the CTLM . 

Risks related to potential liabilities 

We face significant product liability risks,
which may have a negative effect on our financial condition. 

The use of medical devices, whether in clinical
trials or commercially, can result in product liability claims whether or not the devices and treatments are actually at fault for causing
an injury. Product liability claims can be expensive to defend and may result in large judgments or settlements against us, which could
have a severe negative effect on our financial condition. Due to factors in the insurance market generally and our own experience, we
may not be able to purchase sufficient product liability insurance at an affordable price. Even if a product liability claim is not successful,
the adverse publicity and time and expense of defending such a claim may interfere with our business. 

Improper disclosure of clinical data, personal
data, and other confidential data could result in liability and harm our reputation . 

As we continue to perform clinical studies, expand
our sales, and improve our capabilities with initiatives like IDSI Cloud, we store and process increasingly large amounts of confidential
data, including medical information and personally identifiable information. At the same time, the continued occurrence of high-profile
data breaches provides evidence of an external environment increasingly hostile to information security. This environment demands that
we continuously improve our design and coordination of security controls across our business and geographies. Despite these efforts, it
is possible our security controls over medical, personal, and other confidential data, our training of employees and vendors on data security,
and other practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure of confidential information that we or our vendors store and manage.
Improper disclosure of this information could harm our reputation, lead to legal exposure to customers, or subject us to liability under
laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. 

Risks related to the market for our common
stock 

Our common stock is considered a
penny stock and may be difficult to sell. 

The SEC adopted regulations which generally define
 penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than
 5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions. We expect the market price of our common stock to remain substantially less than 5.00
per share in the foreseeable future, and our stock therefore may be designated as a penny stock according to SEC rules.
This designation requires any broker or dealer selling these securities to disclose certain information concerning the transaction, obtain
a written agreement from the purchaser and determine that the purchaser is reasonably suitable to purchase the securities. These rules
may restrict the ability of brokers or dealers to sell our common stock and may affect the ability of investors to sell their shares.
In addition, since we expect our common stock to be quoted on the OTC Markets, investors may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations
of our common stock. 

The price of our common stock may be affected
by a limited trading volume, may fluctuate significantly and may not reflect the actual value of our business. 

There may arise a limited public market for our
common stock on the OTC Markets; however, there can be no assurance that an active trading market will materialize. An absence of an active
trading market could adversely affect our stockholders ability to sell our common stock in short time periods, if at all. Our common
stock has experienced, and is likely to experience in the future, significant price and volume fluctuations that could adversely affect
the market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance. In addition, we believe that factors, such as our sale
of securities in connection with capital raising activities, could cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. Thus,
the price at which shares of our common stock may trade from time to time may not reflect the actual value of our business or the actual
value of our common stock. 

From time to time, we may hire companies to assist
us in pursuing investor relations strategies to generate increased volumes of investment in our common stock. Such activities may result,
among other things, in causing the price of our common stock to increase on a short-term basis. 

25 

Risks related to ownership of our common
stock 

There is currently no trading for our common
stock 

Outstanding shares of our Common Stock cannot
be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred in the U.S. unless subsequently registered pursuant to, or exempt from registration
under, the Securities Act and any other applicable federal or state securities laws or regulations. These restrictions will limit the
ability of our stockholders to liquidate their investment. 

The volatility of our stock price could
adversely affect your investment in our common stock. 

The price of our common stock fluctuated substantially
after it began trading on the OTC Bulletin Board in September 1994. Furthermore, in September 2014 the registration of our common stock
was revoked for failure to file annual and quarterly reports by the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and there has been
no trading market for the common stock since then. 

Even if a trading market for our stock is re-established,
the market price of our shares, like that of the common stock of many other medical device companies, is likely to be highly volatile.
Factors that may have an impact on the price of our common stock include: 

the timing and results of our clinical trials or those of our
competitors, 

governmental regulation, 

healthcare legislation, 

geopolitical events, 

equity or debt financing, and 

developments in patent or other proprietary rights pertaining
to our competitors or us, including litigation, fluctuations in our operating results, and market conditions for medical device company
stocks and life science stocks in general. 

We have not paid and do not currently intend
to pay dividends, which may limit the current return you may receive on your investment in our common stock. 

Since inception, we have not paid a dividend on
our common stock and do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

Item 2. Properties 

We currently maintain a virtual corporate office at 618 E. South St. Suite 500, Orlando, FL 32801 as we evaluate our future facility requirements.
We envision the space requirements for future operations will be minimal as we continue to transition to working remotely and to outsourcing
manufacturing, R D, and regulatory compliance. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

At this time, there are no material pending legal proceedings to which
the Company is a party or as to which any of its property is subject, and no such proceedings are known to the Company to be threatened
or contemplated against it. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable 

26 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

There is no established public trading market
for IDSI s common equity. 

Holders Common Equity 

IDSI has a single class of common equity: our
common stock. The approximate number of holders of our common stock is 3,469 as of October 12, 2021. 

Dividends in the Two Most Recent Fiscal Years 

IDSI did not pay any dividend on its common equity
in the two most recent fiscal years, nor did the Company have the financial ability to pay any dividend. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

Effective June 30, 2020, IDSI s shareholders
by majority written consent approved an increase in the shares covered by our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan from 15,000,000 to 18,500,000. 

The table below summarizes the securities authorized
for issuance under equity compensation plans as of October 12, 2021 (as adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split): 

Plan Category 
 Number of 
securities to 
 be issued 
upon exercise of 
 outstanding 
options, 
 warrants, 
and rights 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise 
price of 
 outstanding 
options, 
 warrants and 
rights 
 Number of securities 
remaining 
 available for 
future issuance 
under equity 
compensation plans 
 (excluding 
securities 
reflected in 
column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 16,752,947 
 0.25 
 1,747,065 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

27 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Not Required 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis should be
read in conjunction with the condensed financial statements and other financial data included elsewhere in this report. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The financial statements are prepared in accordance
with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Such estimates and assumptions also include the valuations of certain financial instruments, stock-based
compensation, deferred tax assets, the outcome of litigation and tax matters, and other matters that affect the statements of financial
condition and related disclosures. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 

We believe the following critical accounting policies
affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

Inventory 

Inventories, consisting principally of raw materials,
work-in-process (including completed units under testing), finished goods and units placed on consignment, are carried at the lower of
cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Raw materials consist of purchased parts,
components and supplies. Work-in-process includes completed units undergoing final inspection and testing. We periodically review the
value of items in inventory and record write-downs or write-offs based on its assessment of slow moving or obsolete inventory. We maintain
a reserve for obsolete inventory and generally makes inventory value adjustments against the reserve. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We rely on the guidance provided by ASC 718, Share
Based Payments ). ASC 718 requires companies to expense the value of employee stock options and similar awards and applies to all
outstanding and vested stock-based awards. 

In computing the impact, the fair value of each
option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk-free
interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based
payment awards represent management s best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of
management judgment. As a result, if factors change and we use different assumptions, the Company s stock-based compensation expense
could be materially different in the future. In addition, we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize
expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating the Company s forfeiture rate, we analyzed its historical forfeiture rate,
the remaining lives of unvested options, and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total options outstanding. If our actual
forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate, or if the Company reevaluates the forfeiture rate in the future, the stock-based
compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current period. For the year ended June 30, 2021,
the Board granted options to purchase 157,102 shares with an exercise price of .51 per share to an employee and 1,500,000 shares with
an exercise price of .51 per share to a consultant. For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Board granted options to purchase 2,000,000
shares to a consultant and 98,188 shares to an employee, both with exercise prices of .51 per share. These options are being expensed
pursuant to ASC 718. 

The fair value concepts were not changed significantly
in ASC 718; however, in adopting this Standard, companies were given the option to choose among alternative valuation models and amortization
assumptions. We elected to continue to use the Black-Scholes option pricing model and expense the options as compensation over the requisite
service period of the grant. We will reconsider use of the Black-Scholes model if additional information becomes available in the future
that indicates another model would be more appropriate, or if grants issued in future periods have characteristics that cannot be reasonably
estimated using this model. 

28 

Results of Operations 

In the continuing process of commercializing our
operations and as part of our transition plan to exit from reporting as a development stage enterprise, we will use the current format
of our management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation (MD A) to better disclose and discuss
four main categories of expenses (general and administrative, salaries and wages, research and development, sales and marketing, consulting,
and bad debt). 

Years Ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 

SALES AND COST OF SALES 

Revenues during the year ended June 30,
2021, were 0, representing a decrease of 10,875 or 100 from 10,875 during the year ended June 30, 2020. The decrease in revenues is
a result of the lack of sales or royalties in fiscal 2021. The only revenue in fiscal 2020 was 10,875 in royalty income from a license
agreement that had been signed in 2006 and had been largely dormant since then. 

Our cost of sales during both years ended June
30, 2021 and 2020 was 0. 

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE 

Our general and administrative expenses include
travel/subsistence related to general and administrative activities, property and casualty insurance, professional fees associated with
our corporate and securities attorneys and independent auditors, corporate governance expenses, stockholder expenses, utilities, maintenance,
telephones, office supplies and sales and property taxes. 

General and administrative expenses during the
year ended June 30, 2021, were 143,851 representing a decrease of 123,943 or 46 from 267,794 during the year ended June 30, 2020. 

The general and administrative decrease of 123,943 is due primarily
to a decrease in rent and auto payments as lease agreements were terminated during fiscal 2021. There were also reductions in other expenses
due to the reduction in business activity during fiscal 2021 because of the ongoing COVID-19 crisis. 

We do not expect a material change in our general
and administrative expenses until we realize a significant increase in revenue from the sale of our product. 

SALARIES AND WAGES 

Our salaries and wages expenses include compensation,
related benefits, payroll taxes and other payroll fees for all employees. 

Salaries and wages expense during the year ended
June 30, 2021, were 0 representing a decrease of 246,754 or 100 from 246,754 during the year ended June 30, 2020. 

The decrease of 246,754 is due to the furloughing of all employees
on May 1, 2020 in response to the COVID-19 crisis. Some of these individuals have been working as independent contractors on an as-needed
basis. 

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 

We incur research and development expenses to
develop significant enhancements to our sole product, the CTLM . These expenses consist primarily of clinical costs, costs of materials
and components to make product enhancements, new product research costs, and costs associated with servicing clinical collaboration sites. 

Research and development expenses during the year
ended June 30, 2021 were 8,399 representing a decrease of 18,345 or 69 from 26,744 during the year ended June 30, 2020. 

The decrease of 18,345 is due primarily decreases
to regulatory expenses, lack of clinical expense, and lack of legal expenses in fiscal 2021. 

29 

SALES AND MARKETING 

Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily
of expenses associated with advertising and promotion, representative office expense, trade shows, conferences, promotional and training
costs related to marketing the CTLM , commissions, travel/subsistence, patent maintenance fees, consulting, certification expenses,
and product liability insurance. 

Sales and marketing expenses during the year ended
June 30, 2021, were 822 representing an increase of 295 or 56 from 527 during the year ended June 30, 2020. 

All sales and marketing expenses during fiscal 2021 and 2020 were related
to fees for maintaining our website. The difference relates to variations in website related fees between the two periods. 

CONSULTING EXPENSES 

Our consulting expenses consist of all consulting
fees paid as well as share-based compensation issued to our consultants. Our share-based compensation expense consists of vested stock
options expensed under the Black-Scholes options pricing model. 

Consulting expenses for the year ended June 30,
2021, were 484,839 representing an increase of 81,551 or 20 from 403,288 during the year ended June 30, 2020. 

The increase in consulting expenses is due primarily
to the vesting of newly issued stock options as well as the hiring of previously furloughed employees as consultants on an as-needed basis
in fiscal 2021. 

BAD DEBT EXPENSE 

Bad debt expenses represent accounts receivable
and amounts due from related parties that have been reserved. 

Bad debt expenses for the year ended June 30,
2021, were (18,815) representing a decrease of 38,480 from 19,665 during the year ended June 30, 2020. 

The decrease is due to the Company writing off
 7,700 of accounts receivable and 11,965 of amounts due from related parties due to their age in fiscal 2020 and recovering 7,700 of
accounts receivable and 11,115 of amounts due from related parties in fiscal 2021. 

AGGREGATE OPERATING EXPENSES 

Total operating expenses (general and administrative,
salaries and wages, research and development, sales and marketing, depreciation and amortization, consulting, and bad debt) and cost of
sales during the year ended June 30, 2021, were 619,718, representing a decrease of 362,543 or 37 from 982,261 when compared to the
operating expenses and cost of sales during the year ended June 30, 2020. The overall decrease in expenses is due primarily to the
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic which required us to further streamline operations and reduce costs. 

Depreciation and amortization expenses during
the year ended June 30, 2021 were 622 representing a decrease of 16,867 or 96 from 17,489 during the year ended June 30, 2020. As
of June 30, 2021 all assets have been fully depreciated. 

Interest expense during the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2021, was 80,884 representing an increase of 19,133 or 31 from 61,751 during the year ended June 30, 2020. The increase is
due to a higher balance of outstanding debt in fiscal 2021. 

30 

BALANCE SHEET DATA 

Our combined cash and cash equivalents totaled
 2,473 at June 30, 2021 and 45,960 at June 30, 2020. We do not expect to generate a positive internal cash flow for at least the
next 12 months due to our efforts to generate sales in China and obtain FDA marketing clearance, the expected costs of commercializing
our initial product, the CTLM , and the time required for homologations from certain countries. 

Our inventory, which consists of raw materials,
work in process (including completed units under testing), and finished goods totaled 100,087 at June 30, 2021 and 436,952 at June 30,
2020. Raw materials used for research and development or other purposes are expensed and not included in inventory. The net inventory
is 0 for fiscal 2021 and 2020 because the Company has booked a reserve for the entire value of the inventory due to lack of demand for
parts and lack of sales. 

Our property and equipment, net, totaled 0 at
June 30, 2021 and 1,902 at June 30, 2020. The overall decrease of 1,902 is due to depreciation as well as the abandonment of fixed
assets during fiscal 2021. 

Our current liabilities, which consist of accounts
payable, accrued payroll taxes and penalties, short term debt, and convertible debt, totaled 1,378,461 at June 30, 2021 and 1,189,416
at June 30, 2020. Accounts payable and accrued expenses totaled 472,571 at June 30, 2021 and 300,936 at June 30, 2020. Accrued payroll
taxes and penalties totaled 314,019 at June 30, 2021 and 314,019 at June 30, 2020. Related party promissory notes totaled 581,276 at
June 30, 2021 and 520,000 at June 30, 2020. The current portion of lease liabilities totaled 0 at June 30, 2021 and 54,461 at June
30, 2020. The current portion of long-term debt was 10,595 at June 30, 2021 and 0 at June 30, 2020. Current liabilities increased primarily
due to accounts payable and accrued expenses increasing by 169,062, increase in related party promissory notes of 61,276, and a portion
of the PPP loan payable becoming a current liability during fiscal 2021. 

Our long-term liabilities, which consist of the noncurrent portion
of the operating lease liabilities as well as long term loans payable totaled 69,005 at June 30, 2021 and 87,621 at June 30, 2020. Some
of the decrease in long-term liabilities was due to a portion of the PPP loan payable becoming a current liability during fiscal 2021.
The remaining decrease in long-term liabilities was due to the decrease in our operating lease liabilities as a result of terminating
our office and auto leases in fiscal 2021. 

Our temporary equity, which consists of Convertible
Preferred Series L (including accrued dividends), totaled 415,939 at June 30, 2021 and 397,939 at June 30, 2020. The increase of 18,000
is due to accrued dividends for fiscal 2021 that are being included in the total redemption value. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

We are currently a development stage company and
our continued existence is dependent upon our ability to resolve our liquidity problems, principally by obtaining additional debt and/or
equity financing. We have yet to generate a positive internal cash flow, and until significant sales of our product occur, we are
mostly dependent upon debt and equity funding from Viable and its affiliates and/or outside investors. While Viable has stated its intention
to provide, directly or through private investors it procures, the working capital that we need for the next 12 months, in the event that
we are unable to obtain adequate debt or equity financing or are unable to obtain such financing on terms and conditions acceptable to
us, we may have to cease or severely curtail our operations. This would materially impact our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We have financed our operating and research and development activities
through multiple private placements of common stock as well as short term loans from related parties. During fiscal 2021, we received
 61,276 through short-term related party loans. During fiscal 2020 we received proceeds of 320,000 through short-term related party loans
and raised 130,000 of capital through private placement transactions. 

Net cash used for operating and product development
expenses, which include our purchase of additional materials to continue the manufacture of CTLM Systems in anticipation of receiving
orders from our distributors in certain countries, where permitted by law, was 104,763 during fiscal 2021, compared to net cash used
by operating activities and product development of the CTLM and related software development of 528,255 during fiscal 2020. At
June 30, 2021, we had negative working capital of 1,358,037 compared to negative working capital of 1,118,102 at June 30, 2020. We do
not expect to generate a positive internal cash flow for at least the next 12 months due to the time needed to ramp up our sales and marketing
plan in China. 

31 

If and when we receive marketing clearance from
the FDA, which cannot be assured, we believe that we will need funding in excess of 5 million above and beyond normal operating expenses
over the following year to fully complete all necessary stages in order for us to market the CTLM in the United States and foreign
countries other than China. In China Xi an IDI will be responsible for all expenses relating to the manufacture, marketing and sale
of the CTLM . The 5 million will be used to purchase inventory, sub-contracted components, tooling and manufacturing templates
and pay non-recurring engineering costs associated with preparation for full capacity manufacturing and assembly and marketing, advertising
and promotion, training, ongoing regulatory expenses, and other costs associated with product launch. We expect to use the proceeds
of the sale of restricted common stock through private placements as our preferred choice to raise the additional funds required to continue
operations. In the event that we are unable to raise funds through private placements, of common or preferred stock, or debt securities,
or combinations thereof; we will be materially adversely affected and may have to cease operations. If additional funds are raised
by issuing equity securities, dilution to existing stockholders will result, and future investors may be granted rights superior to those
of existing stockholders. 

Through the date of this report, IDSI has been
taking drastic measures as a response to the global COVID-19 crisis to preserve working capital. These measures include the conversion
of our full-time employees to contractors working on an as-needed basis, deferral of payments to vendors, and transition of our facilities
to a smaller, more cost-efficient space. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative disclosures about Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation
S-K under the Exchange Act, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this item. 

32 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page Number 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-24 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Imaging Diagnostic Systems, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Imaging Diagnostic Systems. (the Company) as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the
related statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
June 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2021, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2
to the financial statements, as of June 30, 2021 the Company had an accumulated deficit of 134,817,667 a stockholder s
deficit of 1,842,981, and a working capital deficiency of 1,358,037. For the year ended June 30, 2021, net loss totaled 689,918.
The net cash used in operating activities for the year ended June 30, 2021 totaled 104,763. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also
described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

We
did not identify any critical audit matters that need to be communicated. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

 Margate,
Florida 

 October 12, 2021 

ASSURANCE
DIMENSIONS CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ASSOCIATES 

 also
d/b/a McNAMARA and ASSOCIATES, PLLC 

 TAMPA
BAY: 4920 W Cypress Street, Suite 102 | Tampa, FL 33607 | Office: 813.443.5048 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 JACKSONVILLE:
 4720 Salisbury Road, Suite 223 | Jacksonville, FL 32256 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 ORLANDO:
 1800 Pembrook Drive, Suite 300 | Orlando, FL 32810 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 SOUTH
FLORIDA: 2000 Banks Road, Suite 218 | Margate, FL 33063 | Office: 754.800.3400 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 www.assurancedimensions.com 

F- 2 

IMAGING
DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Balance
Sheets 

June 30, 
 2021 
 June 30, 
 2020 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 
 2,473 
 45,960 
 
 Royalty receivable 
 - 
 10,875 
 
 Consultant advances 
 5,000 
 5,000 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 12,951 
 9,479 

Total current assets 
 20,424 
 71,314 

Property and equipment, net 
 - 
 1,902 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 - 
 62,266 

Total assets 
 20,424 
 135,482 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 472,571 
 300,936 
 
 Accrued payroll taxes and penalties 
 314,019 
 314,019 
 
 Promissory notes, related party 
 581,276 
 520,000 
 
 Current portion of PPP loan payable 
 10,595 
 - 
 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 - 
 54,461 

Total current liabilities 
 1,378,461 
 1,189,416 

Long-term liabilities 

PPP Loan Payable, less current portion 
 69,005 
 79,600 
 
 Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 
 - 
 8,021 

Total long-term liabilities 
 69,005 
 87,621 

Total liabilities 
 1,447,466 
 1,277,037 

Commitment and Contingencies (Note 18) 

Temporary equity 

Convertible Preferred Series L 
 415,939 
 397,939 

Total temporary equity 
 415,939 
 397,939 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, no par , 2,000,000 authorized 

Convertible preferred stock, Series M, 600 designated 0 shares issued and
 outstanding at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, no par value, 500,000,000 authorized ,
 123,156,941 and 122,876,549 shares issued and outstanding June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively 
 132,974,686 
 132,570,255 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 (134,817,667 
 (134,109,749 

Total stockholders deficit 
 (1,842,981 
 (1,539,494 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 
 20,424 
 135,482 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements 

F- 3 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS,
INC. 

 Statements
of Operations 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 

Royalty Revenue 
 - 
 10,875 
 
 Total Revenue 
 - 
 10,875 

Cost of Sales 
 - 
 - 

Gross Profit 
 - 
 10,875 

Operating Expenses: 

General and administrative 
 143,851 
 267,794 
 
 Salaries and wages 
 - 
 246,754 
 
 Research and development 
 8,399 
 26,744 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 822 
 527 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 622 
 17,489 
 
 Consulting expenses (including share-based compensation) 
 484,839 
 403,288 
 
 Bad debt expense (recovery) 
 (18,815 
 19,665 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 619,718 
 982,261 

Operating Loss 
 (619,718 
 (971,386 

Other Income (expense) 

Interest income 
 1 
 19 
 
 Gain on termination of lease 
 10,863 
 - 
 
 Loss on disposal of fixed assets 
 (1,180 
 - 
 
 Other Income 
 1,000 
 4,000 
 
 Interest expense 
 (80,884 
 (61,751 
 
 Total Other Expense 
 (70,200 
 (57,732 
 
 Net Loss 
 (689,918 
 (1,029,118 

Preferred Stock Dividends 
 (18,000 
 (18,025 
 
 Net Loss Available to Common Stockholders 
 (707,918 
 (1,047,143 

Net Loss per common share: 

Basic and diluted 
 (0.01 
 (0.01 
 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 
 122,963,645 
 122,768,170 

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements 

F- 4 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

 For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

Common Stock 

Number of 
 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance at June 30, 2020 
 122,876,549 
 132,570,255 
 (134,109,749 
 (1,539,494 

Cummulative Dividend on Series L CV Preferred 
 - 
 - 
 (18,000 
 (18,000 

Common stock issued on conversion of accounts payable 
 280,392 
 143,000 
 - 
 143,000 

Stock options expense 
 - 
 261,431 
 - 
 261,431 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 (689,918 
 (689,918 

Balance at June 30, 2021 
 123,156,941 
 132,974,686 
 (134,817,667 
 (1,842,981 

Balance at June 30, 2019 
 122,621,646 
 132,228,967 
 (133,062,606 
 (833,639 

Cummulative Dividend on Series L CV Preferred 
 - 
 - 
 (18,025 
 (18,025 

Shares issued for cash 
 254,903 
 130,000 
 - 
 130,000 

Stock options expense 
 - 
 211,288 
 - 
 211,288 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 (1,029,118 
 (1,029,118 

Balance at June 30, 2020 
 122,876,549 
 132,570,255 
 (134,109,749 
 (1,539,494 

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements 

F- 5 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS,
INC. 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

Year ended 
 Year ended 

June 30, 
 2021 
 June 30, 
 2020 

Net loss 
 (689,918 
 (1,029,118 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 
 622 
 17,489 
 
 Loss on abandonment of fixed assets 
 1,180 
 - 
 
 Gain on termination of lease 
 (10,863 
 - 
 
 Stock option expense 
 261,431 
 211,288 
 
 Bad debt expense 
 - 
 19,665 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in employee advances 
 - 
 (5,000 
 
 (Increase) decrease in royalty receivable 
 10,875 
 (10,875 
 
 (Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses 
 (9,472 
 2,087 
 
 Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and 

accrued expenses 
 331,490 
 265,993 
 
 Change in right of use asset/lease obligation, net 
 (108 
 216 
 
 Total adjustments 
 585,155 
 500,863 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (104,763 
 (528,255 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from promissory notes, related party 
 61,276 
 320,000 
 
 Proceeds from Paycheck Protection Program Loan 
 - 
 79,600 
 
 Proceeds issuance of common stock 
 - 
 130,000 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 61,276 
 529,600 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (43,487 
 1,345 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 45,960 
 44,615 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 2,473 
 45,960 

Supplemental Disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 52,603 
 
 Cash paid for taxes 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

ROU assets and liabilities at inception 
 - 
 147,291 
 
 Common Stock issued on conversion of accounts payable 
 143,000 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements 

F- 6 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(1) ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS 

Imaging Diagnostic Systems, Inc. (the Company or IDSI is a medical technology company that has developed a new, non-invasive CT scanner called CTLM that uses a laser beam in place of
ionizing X-ray for breast imaging. This technology is called Diffuse Optical Tomography. The CTLM will provide an adjunctive imaging
modality to other methods of imaging the breast such as X-ray mammography, MRI and ultrasound. 

Since inception in December 1993 as a Florida corporation and subsequently
its reverse merger with Alkan Corp., a New Jersey Corporation on April 14, 1994, we continued operations and changed our state of incorporation
from New Jersey to Florida, effective July 1, 1995. 

(2) GOING CONCERN AND MANAGEMENT S PLANS 

The accompanying financial statements are prepared assuming the Company
will continue as a going concern. As of June 30, 2021, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 134,817,667 a stockholders deficit
of 1,842,981, and a working capital deficiency of 1,358,037. For the year ended June 30, 2021, net loss totaled 689,918. The net cash
used in operating activities for the year ended June 30, 2021 totaled 104,763. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the date these financial statements are issued. The ability
of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon generating sales and obtaining additional capital and financing. While
the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to generate material sales volume and in its ability to raise additional funds,
there can be no assurances to that effect. The Company received from the Chinese FDA CFDA marketing clearance for the
CTLM effective November 16, 2018 to November 15, 2023. However, there can be no assurance that we will obtain U.S. Food and Drug
Administration FDA marketing or other new international marketing clearances, that the CTLM will achieve market acceptance
or that sufficient revenues will be generated from sales of the CTLM in China or elsewhere to allow us to operate profitably. If
our majority shareholder Viable International Investments, LLC Viable fails to continue funding, the Company would be
materially adversely affected and may have to cease operations due to a lack of funding. These matters affect the Company s liquidity
profile, and management s plans in those regards are discussed in the paragraphs that follow. 

During fiscal year 2022, we anticipate that losses from operations
will continue until we begin to generate revenues through the sales of CTLM systems in China. These losses will be primarily due
to an anticipated increase in marketing, manufacturing and operational expenses associated with the international commercialization of
the CTLM , expenses associated with FDA approval processes, and the costs associated with advanced product development activities. 

The Company s next focus, after having obtained CFDA approval
in China, is on obtaining marketing clearance of its CTLM Breast Imaging System through the FDA. The premarket approval PMA process for U.S. marketing clearance is expected to take longer than the Chinese process, and we intend to resume this effort after achieving
successful marketing and sales of CTLM systems in China. Our sales and marketing efforts in China have been significantly hindered
by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and therefore we do not expect revenue from China until the third or fourth quarter of fiscal 2022.
No sales in other countries are expected in foreseeable future, as we do not intend to pursue sales in other countries until after obtaining
FDA marketing clearance, as to which there can be no assurance. 

In analyzing the regulatory path forward, timeline, and costs associated
with the level of effort required to upgrade the Company s Quality Management System (QMS), we have decided not to renew our CE
mark (required for sales in the European Union) for this year and to consider reapplying in 2 to 3 years to avoid these regulatory fees.
Similarly, we will maintain our Quality Management System to be compliant to ISO 13485:2016 but not certify to ISO 13485:2016 by Underwriters
Laboratories (UL) which will allow us to avoid fees associated with certification, travel, and hosting audits. Maintaining our QMS to
be ISO 13485:2016 compliant will allow us to quickly schedule an audit with UL and become ISO 13485 certified when necessary. 

F- 7 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(2) GOING CONCERN AND MANAGEMENT S PLANS (Continued) 

On October 23, 2019, the Company entered into a consulting agreement the Agreement effective as of November 1, 2019, with Dr. Huabei Jiang to serve as IDSI s Chief Scientific Consultant.
Pursuant to the Agreement, Dr. Jiang is focused on improving the technical performance and image quality of IDSI s Computed Tomography
Laser Mammography (CTLM breast imaging device. Dr. Jiang has completed the first phase of image quality improvement and
is currently collecting image data for evaluation and further technical improvement. 

Xi an IDI has been working with Yiling Hospital Management Group
based in Beijing, China Yiling to evaluate CTLM s potential use and application. As of the date of this report,
Xi an IDI has loaned 3 CTLM systems to Yiling and Yiling is at the stage of testing and data validation. 

It is important that the effectiveness of the image quality improvements
be established before Xi an IDI can resume their sales and marketing efforts in China. Once the Company has substantial revenues
and cash flow, it believes it will be able to raise the necessary funding to allow the Company to move forward with its various R D
and regulatory initiatives that have been put on hold due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

The Company s ability to continue as a going concern and its
future success are dependent upon its ability to raise additional capital in the near term to: (1) satisfy its current obligations, (2)
continue its research and development efforts, and (3) successfully develop, market, and sell its products. Due to the difficulty of raising
additional capital during the current COVID-19 crisis, the Company has been taking aggressive measures to reduce its operating costs in
order to preserve cash. The Company has applied for and received funding of 79,600 from the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ).
The Company also applied for the Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL and was denied the loan, but received a grant of 4,000.
Both the PPP and EIDL were both made available under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ).
The Company s ability to meet its cash flow requirements through fiscal 2021 and continue its development and commercialization
efforts will be dependent on the length and severity of the COVID-19 crisis and the Company s ability to secure additional funding.
There can be no assurance that IDSI will generate sufficient revenue to provide positive cash flows from operations or that sufficient
capital will be available, when required, to permit the Company to execute its plan of operations. The accompanying financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

(3) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

(a) Basis of presentation and use of estimates 

The financial statements are prepared in accordance with Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Such estimates and assumptions also include the valuations
of certain financial instruments, stock-based compensation, deferred tax assets, the outcome of litigation and tax matters, and other
matters that affect the statements of financial condition and related disclosures. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 

(b) Revenue recognition 

As of July 1, 2018, the Company adopted Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ASC 606 ). The Company sells medical imaging products, parts, and services where
permitted to independent distributors and in certain unrepresented territories directly to end-users. The Company recognizes revenue
when obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Product sales occur once control is transferred upon
delivery to the customer. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring
goods. The amount of consideration the Company receives and revenue the Company recognizes varies with changes in customer incentives
the Company offers to its customers and their customers. Any discounts, sales incentives or similar arrangements with the customer are
estimated at time of sale and deducted from revenue. Sales taxes and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue. 

F- 8 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(3) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

The Company also receives royalties pursuant to a licensing relationship
with Trifoil Imaging. Revenue is recognized in the reporting periods in which royalties are due to the Company. 

(c) Allowance for doubtful accounts 

In the event that management determines that a receivable becomes uncollectible,
or events or circumstances change, which result in a temporary cessation of payments from the distributor, we will make our best estimate
of probable or potential losses in our accounts receivable balance using the allowance method for each quarterly period. Management will
review the receivables at the end of each fiscal year and the appropriate allowance will be made based on current available evidence and
historical experience. 

Our allowance for doubtful accounts was 850 as of June 30, 2021 and
 19,665 as of June 30, 2020. These amounts represent accounts receivable as well as other receivables that have been fully reserved. 

(d) Cash and cash equivalents 

Holdings of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three
months or less and investment in money market funds are considered to be cash equivalents by the Company. There were no cash equivalents
at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020. 

(e) Concentration of Risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. 

The Company places its cash and cash equivalents
with high-quality financial institutions. At times, balances in the Company s cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation limit of 250,000. At June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, the Company had 0 in excess of the federally insured limit. 

The Company did not have any revenue for the year
ended June 30, 2021. For the year ended June 30, 2020, all of the revenues were from TriFoil Imaging. 

(f) Inventory 

Inventories, consisting principally of raw materials, work-in-process
(including completed units under testing), finished goods and units placed on consignment, are carried at the lower of cost and net realizable
value. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Raw materials consist of purchased parts, components and supplies.
Work-in-process includes completed units undergoing final inspection and testing. The Company periodically reviews the value of items
in inventory and records write-downs or write-offs based on its assessment of slow moving or obsolete inventory. The Company maintains
a reserve for obsolete inventory and generally makes inventory value adjustments against the reserve. 

(g) Property and equipment 

Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation
and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the related
assets. 

Expenditures for renewals and betterments which increase the estimated
useful life or capacity of the asset are capitalized; expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed when incurred. 

F- 9 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(3) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

(h) Research and development 

Research and development expenses consist principally of expenditures
for equipment and outside third-party consultants, raw materials which are used in testing and the development of the Company s
CTLM device or other products and product software. The non-payroll related expenses include testing at outside laboratories, parts
associated with the design of initial components and tooling costs, and other costs which do not remain with the developed CTLM device. 

(i) Net loss per share 

The Company relies on the guidance provided by ASC 260, Earnings
per Share ), which requires the reporting of both basic and diluted earnings per share. Basic net loss per share is determined by
dividing loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted loss
per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if options or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted
into common stock, as long as the effect of their inclusion is not anti-dilutive. 

The Company had 13,922,657 and 10,972,662 options vested and as of
June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively and 2,830,290 and 4,123,184 options not yet vested as of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020,
respectively. 

(j) Stock-based compensation 

In July 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07, Compensation Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting, an accounting standard update to improve non-employee
share-based payment accounting. The accounting standard update more closely aligns the accounting for employee and non-employee share-based
payments. The accounting standards update is effective as of the beginning of 2019 with early adoption permitted. We have elected to adopt
this standard. 

The Company has elected to use the Black-Scholes-Merton, or BSM, option-pricing
model to estimate the fair value of its options and similar awards, which incorporates various subjective assumptions including volatility,
risk-free interest rate, expected life, and dividend yield to calculate the fair value of outstanding and vested stock option awards.
Compensation expense recognized in the statements of operations is based on awards ultimately expected to vest and reflects estimated
forfeitures. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual
forfeitures differ from those estimates. 

The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment
awards represent management s best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management
judgment. As a result, if factors change and the Company uses different assumptions, the Company s stock-based compensation expense
could be materially different in the future. In addition, the Company is required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize
expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating the Company s forfeiture rate, the Company analyzed its historical forfeiture
rate, the remaining lives of unvested options, and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total options outstanding. If the Company s
actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate, or if the Company reevaluates the forfeiture rate in the future, the
stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current period. For the year ended
June 30, 2021, the Board granted options to purchase 157,102 shares with an exercise price of .51 per share to an employee and 1,500,000
shares with an exercise price of .51 per share to a consultant. For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Board granted options to purchase
2,000,000 shares with an exercise price of .51 per share to a consultant and 98,188 shares with an exercise price of .51 per share to
an employee. Stock options are being expensed pursuant to ASC 718. 

The fair value concepts were not changed significantly in ASC 718;
however, in adopting this Standard, companies were given the option to choose among alternative valuation models and amortization assumptions.
We elected to continue to use the Black-Scholes option pricing model and expense the options as compensation over the requisite vesting
period of the grant. We will reconsider use of the Black-Scholes model if additional information becomes available in the future that
indicates another model would be more appropriate, or if grants issued in future periods have characteristics that cannot be reasonably
estimated using this model. See Note (17) Stock Options. 

F- 10 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(3) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

(k) Long-lived assets 

The Company relies on the guidance provided by ASC 360 Property,
Plant Equipment ). ASC 360 requires companies to write down to estimated fair value long-lived assets that are impaired. The
Company reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an
asset may not be recoverable. In performing the review of recoverability, the Company estimates the future cash flows expected to result
from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount
of the assets, an impairment loss is recognized. 

The Company has determined that no impairment losses need to be recognized
through the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

(l) Income taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to the provisions of
ASC 740-10, Accounting for Income Taxes, which requires, among other things, an asset and liability approach to calculating
deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected
future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation
allowance is provided to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred
asset will not be realized. 

The Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to, Accounting
for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon
examination by the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of
the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10, the benefit of a tax position is recognized
in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not
that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. 

Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.
Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more
than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated
with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits
in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon
examination. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such, the Company has
not recorded a liability for uncertain tax positions. 

The Company has adopted ASC 740-10-25 Definition of Settlement, which
provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously
unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing
authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively settled, an entity would recognize the full amount
of tax benefit, even if the tax position is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical
merits and the statute of limitations remains open. As of the date these financials were available to be issued, tax years ended June
30, 2018 to 2021 are still potentially subject to audit by the taxing authorities. 

(m) Warranty reserve 

The Company warrants all products and parts supplied
for a period of 12 months from the date of installation or 15 months from the date the products was/were shipped from IDSI, whichever
occurs first. Although the Company tests its product in accordance with its quality programs and processes, its warranty obligation is
affected by product failure rates and service delivery costs incurred in correcting a product failure. Based on the Company s experience,
the warranty reserve was estimated based on the replacement cost of the laser and certain electronic parts. Should actual product failure
rates or service costs differ from the Company s estimates, which are based on limited historical data, where applicable, revisions
to the estimated warranty liability would be required. The Company had no warranty reserve balance as of June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

F- 11 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(3) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

(n) Impact of recently issued accounting pronouncements 

Other accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by the
FASB or other standards-setting bodies that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on
our financial statements upon adoption. 

(o) Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, accounts
payable, short-term debt and accrued liabilities approximated their fair values due to the short maturity of these instruments. After
a review of our accounts receivable, the Company has not recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts. The fair value of the Company s
debt obligations is estimated based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or on current rates offered to the Company
for debt of the same remaining maturities. At June 30, 2021 and 2020, the aggregate fair value of the Company s debt obligations
approximated its carrying value. The Company relies upon the guidance of ASC 820 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ).
ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly, transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required
or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact
and considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions
and risk of nonperformance. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs
and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to
measure fair value: 

Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 

Level 2 - Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted
prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets);
or model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable
market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are
significant to the measurement of fair value of assets or liabilities. 

To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are
less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. In certain cases, the inputs used
to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in
the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is disclosed and is determined based on the lowest level input that is
significant to the fair value measurement. 

(4) REVENUE 

The Company recognizes revenue when obligations under the terms of
a contract with the customer are satisfied. Product sales occur once control is transferred upon delivery to the customer. Revenue is
measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring goods. The amount of consideration
the Company receives and revenue the Company recognizes varies with changes in customer incentives the Company offers to its customers
and their customers. Sales taxes and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue. 

F- 12 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(4) REVENUE (Continued) 

As of July 1, 2018, the Company adopted Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606) ASC 606 ). The new guidance sets forth a new five-step revenue recognition model which replaces the
prior revenue recognition guidance in its entirety and is intended to eliminate numerous industry-specific pieces of revenue recognition
guidance that have historically existed in U.S. GAAP. The underlying principle of the new standard is that a business or other organization
will recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects what it expects to
receive in exchange for the goods or services. The standard also requires more detailed disclosures and provides additional guidance for
transactions that were not addressed completely in the prior accounting guidance. The Company adopted the standard using the modified
retrospective method and the adoption did not have a material impact on its financial statements. The Company expects that the impact
to net income of the new standard will be immaterial on an ongoing quarterly and annual basis. The comparative information has not been
restated and continues to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for those periods. 

The Company had no revenues during the year ended June 30, 2021. For
the year ended June 30, 2020, all of the Company s revenues consisted of 10,875 of royalty revenue based in the United States. 

(5) RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Due from related parties 

On March 22, 2018, the Board of Directors approved the execution of
two agreements with Xi an of China, an affiliated Company of IDSI. The agreements are a Know How Transfer Contract and a CTLM 
Know How Confidentiality Agreement. The contract, having a term of 20 years, stipulates that Xi an will pay IDSI a know how transfer
fee of 25 of revenue for CTLM product sales in their territory. The Company also sells inventory parts or acquires parts from third
parties on behalf of Xi an. For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, there were no such sales. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020,
the Company has receivables from related parties, net of allowance, of 0 as a result of sales of inventory parts or acquisition of parts
from third parties on behalf of Xi an. Xi an and Viable have common ownership hence these transactions are considered related
party transactions. The original balance of the receivables was 7,700, but the Company decided to reserve the full amount during the
year ended June 30, 2020 due to its age as well as the ongoing COVID-19 crisis. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company had fully
recovered the previously reserved amounts. 

Additionally, as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company has amounts
due from related parties, net of allowance of 0. The original balance due from related parties was 11,965. 11,115 of this balance was
for product that was purchased by Xi an and paid for by IDSI. During the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company decided to reserve
the full amount of 11,965 due from related parties due to its age as well as the ongoing COVID-19 crisis. During the year ended June
30, 2021, the Company had recovered 11,115 of the previously reserved amounts. 

Related party fees 

Erhfort, LLC was paid a consulting fee of 102,000 and 102,000 for
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Erhfort, LLC regularly reviews the Company s operations and reports to IDSI s
CEO, Chunming Zhang, who lives in China. Erhfort, LLC is a related party because it owns Company common stock directly and indirectly.
During the year ended June 30, 2021, Erhfort, LLC converted 143,000 of its accounts payable to common stock (See Note 9). 

David Fong, serving as the Company s CFO, was paid consulting
fees of 102,000 and 102,000 for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These fees were paid to his affiliated business,
Fong Associates, LLC. 

Furthermore, there were promissory notes due to related parties totaling
 581,276 and 520,000 at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively (See Note 11). 

F- 13 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(6) ROYALTY RECEIVABLE 

On June 16, 2006, the Company entered into a Royalty Agreement with
Bioscan Inc. whereby the Company established a licensing relationship with Bioscan which granted Bioscan an exclusive sublicensable, royalty-bearing
license to make, use, offer for sale, import and otherwise develop and commercialize products in its territory. Bioscan Inc. was subsequently
purchased by TriFoil Imaging. During the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, there was royalty income of 0 and 10,875, respectively.
As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had a royalty receivable balance of 0 and 10,875, respectively. 

(7) INVENTORIES 

Inventories consisted of the following: 

June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 

Raw materials consisting of purchased parts, components and supplies 
 92,587 
 369,452 
 
 Work-in process including units undergoing final inspection and testing 
 - 
 52,500 
 
 Finished goods 
 7,500 
 15,000 
 
 Total Inventory 
 100,087 
 436,952 
 
 Allowance for Obsolete Inventory 
 (100,087 
 (436,952 
 
 Net Inventory 
 - 
 - 

Due to the age of the inventory, lack of demand for parts and lack
of sales the Company wrote off all inventory during the year ended June 30, 2017 and has booked a reserve for the entire value of its
inventory as of June 30, 2021 and 2020. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company made an adjustment to write-off the obsolete
inventory against the inventory allowance in the amount of 336,865. This was done because the Company relocated its main office and disposed
of much of its obsolete inventory at that time. 

(8) PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

The following is a summary of property and equipment, less accumulated
depreciation: 

June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 
 Useful life 

Furniture and Fixtures 
 - 
 261,011 
 5 years 
 
 Computers and Equipment 
 12,612 
 370,704 
 5 years 
 
 Third Party Software 
 10,291 
 10,291 
 5 years 
 
 Clinical Equipment 
 15,000 
 15,000 
 5 years 
 
 Total Property Equipment 
 37,903 
 657,006 

Less: accumulated depreciation 
 (37,903 
 (655,104 

Total Property Equipment - Net 
 - 
 1,902 

Depreciation expense for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 was
 622 and 17,489 respectively. 

During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company disposed of much of
its nonessential furniture and equipment pursuant to the relocation to a much smaller office and storage space. Most of the fixed assets
were fully depreciated so that there was only a net loss of 1,180 on the disposal of fixed assets. 

F- 14 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(9) ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES 

As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, accounts payable and accrued expenses
totaled 472,571 and 300,936 consisting of accounts payable of 465,799 and 296,917, and other accrued expenses of 6,772 and 4,091,
respectively. 

On October 1, 2020, the Company s office and warehouse lease
was terminated by its landlord due to nonpayment of rent. Pursuant to a settlement agreement, the Company reduced its accounts payable
by 16,756 (See Note 13). 

On December 31, 2020, the Company converted 70,000 in accounts payable
due to a related party to 137,255 shares of common stock. The conversion agreement was effective December 31, 2020 and share issuance
occurred on January 13, 2021 (See Note 5). 

On December 31, 2020, the Company converted 73,000 in accounts payable
due to a related party to 143,137 shares of common stock. The conversion agreement was effective April 20, 2021 and share issuance occurred
on April 30, 2021 (See Note 5). 

(10) ACCRUED PAYROLL TAXES AND PENALTIES 

As of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, the Company owed the IRS 314,019
and 314,019, respectively. Accrued payroll taxes represent outstanding interest and penalties based on prior management s failure
to pay payroll taxes commencing with the quarter ending March 31, 2010. As part of new management s restructuring plan, the Company
received funds from an accredited investor to be able to make a payment to pay off the payroll tax portion of the amount owed to the IRS.
The Company engaged tax counsel to manage the settlement and payment. On June 27, 2018, the IRS provided counsel with a payoff calculation
table indicating that the balance of taxes due was 381,224. On June 29, 2018, Viable International Investments LLC provided a bank check
in that amount to counsel and they sent the check to the IRS with a letter requesting penalty and interest abatement. The amount due at
June 30, 2021 of 314,019 represents the interest and penalties. The Company has formally asked the IRS to abate all remaining interest
and penalties of 314,019. The Company had a telephone conference on April 18, 2019 with the office of appeals and is waiting for further
communications from the appeals officer. As of June 30, 2021, the Company s tax counsel is in the process of reviewing recent IRS
correspondence to determine appeals status and will work towards final resolutions with the IRS on all outstanding liabilities. The Company
has decided to wait until all resolutions are final before making any adjustments to the balance of 314,019 owed to the IRS. 

F- 15 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(11) PROMISSORY NOTES RELATED PARTY 

The following table is a summary of the outstanding related party note
balances as of June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Noteholder 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity Date 
 June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 
 
 Related Party Notes: 

Erhfort, LLC 
 15 
 12/31/21 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 
 Erhfort, LLC 
 15 
 12/31/21 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 
 JM One Holdings, LLC 
 15 
 12/31/21 
 20,000 
 20,000 
 
 Erhfort, LLC 
 15 
 12/31/21 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 
 Erhfort, LLC 
 15 
 12/31/21 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 
 Erhfort, LLC 
 15 
 12/31/21 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 
 Erhfort, LLC 
 15 
 12/31/21 
 10,000 
 - 
 
 Erhfort, LLC 
 15 
 12/31/21 
 10,000 
 - 
 
 Viable International Investments, LLC 
 0 
 On Demand 
 7,865 
 - 
 
 Viable International Investments, LLC 
 0 
 On Demand 
 5,000 
 - 
 
 Viable International Investments, LLC 
 0 
 On Demand 
 5,000 
 - 
 
 Viable International Investments, LLC 
 0 
 On Demand 
 5,000 
 - 
 
 Viable International Investments, LLC 
 0 
 On Demand 
 5,000 
 - 
 
 Viable International Investments, LLC 
 0 
 On Demand 
 3,000 
 - 
 
 Xi an IDI 
 0 
 On Demand 
 10,411 
 - 
 
 Total Related Party Notes 

581,276 
 520,000 

Erhfort, LLC owns Company common stock directly and indirectly. JM
One Holdings, LLC is an entity affiliated with the Company s CFO. Hence, these debts are considered related party debt. 

During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company
received loan proceeds of 20,000 from Erhfort, LLC, 30,865 from Viable International Investments, LLC, and 10,411 from Xi an
IDI. The loans from Erhfort, LLC have annual interest rates of 15 while the loans from Viable International Investments, LLC and Xi an
IDI have zero interest. 

During the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company received loan proceeds
of 300,000 from Erhfort, LLC and 20,000 from JM One Holdings, LLC, both of which are related parties. The loans from Erhfort and JM
One Holdings, LLC have annual interest rates of 15 . 

The maturity dates for all related party loans originally due on June
30, 2021, except those payable on demand, were extended to December 31, 2021 on June 30, 2021. 

F- 16 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(12) LONG-TERM DEBT 

The following table is a summary of the outstanding loan balances as
of June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Noteholder 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity Date 
 June 30, 2021 
 June 30, 2020 
 
 Truist Bank 
 1 
 5/11/25 
 79,600 
 79,600 
 
 Total Debt 

79,600 
 79,600 
 
 Current Portion of Debt 

(10,595 
 - 
 
 Total Long-term Debt 

69,005 
 79,600 

Future maturities of long-term debt are as follows as of June 30, 2021: 

For the year ended June 30, 

2022 
 10,595 
 
 2023 
 15,707 
 
 2024 
 15,866 
 
 2025 
 37,432 

79,600 

On May 9, 2020, the Company entered into a loan with Truist Bank, a
lender pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program of the CARES Act as administered by the SBA in the amount of 79,600. The loan, in
the form of a promissory note, matures on May 11, 2025. No additional collateral or guarantees were provided by the Company for the loan.
The PPP loan provides for customary events of default. Under the CARES Act, loan forgiveness is available for the sum of documented payroll
costs, rent payments, mortgage interest and covered utilities during the 24-week period beginning on the date of loan disbursement. The
Company may be required to repay any portion of the outstanding principal that is not forgiven, along with accrued interest, and it cannot
provide any assurance that it will be eligible for loan forgiveness, or that any amount of the PPP Loan will ultimately be forgiven by
the SBA. All aspects of the PPP loan are subject to review by the SBA, including without limitation, the Company s eligibility
for and the size of the loan. The review procedures have not been made public. The Company cannot predict the outcome
of that review nor be assured that all or any part of the loan will be forgiven. To the extent that all or part of the
PPP loan is not forgiven, the Company will be required to make payments, beginning October 2021, including interest accruing at an
annual interest rate of 1.0 beginning on the date of disbursement. 

(13) LEASES 

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update 2016-02 (ASU 2016-02), Leases (Topic 842). ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use (ROU) asset and
lease liability in the balance sheet for all leases, including operating leases, with terms of more than twelve months. Recognition,
measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows from a lease by a lessee have not significantly
changed from previous guidance. The amendments also require qualitative disclosures along with specific quantitative disclosures. We adopted
this guidance using the cumulative-effect adjustment method on July 1, 2019, meaning we did not restate prior periods. Current year financial
information is presented under the guidance in topic 842, while prior year information will continue to be presented under Topic 840.
Adoption of the standard resulted in the recognition of an operating ROU asset and lease liability of approximately 147,000. 

F- 17 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(13) LEASES (Continued) 

We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases
are included in operating lease right-of-use ROU assets, other current liabilities, and operating lease liabilities in
our balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property and equipment, other current liabilities, and other long-term liabilities
in our balance sheets. 

ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease
term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities
are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide
an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present
value of lease payments. We use the implicit rate when readily determinable. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments
made and excludes lease incentives. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain
that we will exercise that option. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

We have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which
are generally accounted for separately. For certain equipment leases, such as vehicles, we account for the lease and non-lease components
as a single lease component. Additionally, for certain equipment leases, we apply a portfolio approach to effectively account for the
operating lease ROU assets and liabilities. 

As of June 30, 2021, the Company no longer had any leases with terms
of more than twelve months. 

On October 1, 2020, the Company s office and warehouse lease
was terminated due to nonpayment of rent. The following summarizes the lease termination: 

Operating lease asset (office and warehouse lease) termination date October 1, 2020 
 21,403 
 
 Operating lease liability (office and warehouse lease) termination date October 1, 2020 
 21,511 
 
 Operating lease asset and (liability) (office and warehouse lease) net termination date October 1, 2020 
 (108 
 
 Gain on lease termination 
 10,863 
 
 Operating lease asset and (liability) (office and warehouse lease) net June 30, 2021 
 - 

The landlord also agreed in its termination agreement with the Company
to settle the 31,755 outstanding balance of the rent due for 15,000, resulting in a gain in the reduction of 16,754 of rent payable
that is part of accounts payable, and the loss on the forfeiture of the rent deposit of 6,000. The total amount of gain for the termination
of this lease resulted in a total net gain on lease termination of 10,863. 

On March 10, 2021, the auto lease was terminated and the vehicle was
returned to the dealership. 

Operating lease asset (auto) termination date March 10, 2021 
 14,362 
 
 Operating lease liability (office and warehouse lease) termination date March 10, 2021 
 14,362 
 
 Operating lease asset and (liability) (office and warehouse lease) net termination date March 10, 2021 
 - 
 
 Gain on lease termination 
 - 
 
 Operating lease asset and (liability) (office and warehouse lease) net June 30, 2021 
 - 

F- 18 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(14) INCOME TAXES 

The Company has net operating loss carryforwards for federal income
taxes of approximately 63,500,000 at June 30, 2021, the unused portions of which expire in years 2022 through 2041. The Company accounts
for income taxes under Accounting Standards Codification 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 . ASC 740 requires the recognition of
deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial losses and the tax basis of assets
and liabilities for both the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax losses and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally
requires the establishment of a valuation allowance to reflect the likelihood of realization of deferred tax assets. Internal Revenue
Code Section 382 IRC 382 places a limitation on the amount of taxable income that can be offset by carry forwards after
a change in control (generally greater than a 50 change in ownership). The issuance of the Company s Series M Preferred Stock on
August 4, 2014 resulted in a change of control as defined under IRC 382. As of the change of control date, the taxpayer s net operating
loss carryforwards from prior years was 72,478,914 and the pro rata share of pre-change losses in the tax year ended June 30, 2015 was
 109,691. This resulted in total pre-change losses of 72,588,605 subject to limitation under IRC Section 382. On the change date the
values of the old loss corporation was 3,168,568 and the AFR was 3.05 resulting in an annual limitation amount of 96,641. The pro rata
share of post-change net operating loss incurred in the tax year ended June 30, 2015 and the net operating loss incurred in tax years
ended June 30, 2016 through 2021 are not subject to limitation. Post change losses not subject to limitation through June 30, 2021 are
 9,410,735. Approximately 6,000,000 of losses expire between 2022 and 2037. Approximately 4,700,000 have no expiration, but are subject
to certain annual restrictions. 

The table below summarizes the differences between the Company s
effective tax rate and the statutory federal rate as follows for the periods ended June 30, 2021 and 2020: 

2021 
 2020 

Statutory federal rate 
 (21.00 
 (21.00 
 
 State tax rate, net of federal effect 
 (3.522 
 (3.522 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 24.522 
 24.522 
 
 Effective Tax Rate 
 - 
 - 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are provided for significant income
and expense items recognized in different years for tax and financial reporting purposes. The components of the net deferred tax assets
for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Deferred tax assets: 

Inventory Reserve 
 25,367 
 110,745 
 
 Federal and state net operating loss carry forward 
 2,728,062 
 2,558,675 
 
 Total deferred tax asset 
 2,753,429 
 2,669,420 
 
 Less Valuation Allowance 
 (2,753,429 
 (2,669,420 
 
 Net deferred Tax Asset 
 - 
 - 

F- 19 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(14) INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

The Company has fully reserved the deferred tax asset due to management s
determination that it is highly unlikely that the Company will generate taxable income in the future and realize the tax benefits of the
net operating loss carryforwards and due to the limitation of income that can be offset by net operating loss carry forwards in future
periods under IRC section 382 because of change in control that occurred on August 4, 2014. The valuation allowance increased 84,009
and 178,074 for the years June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in the valuation allowances for fiscal 2021 and 2020 is
a result of the net operating losses incurred in those years exceeding the amount of net operating loss carryforward that expired in the
same years. 

(15) CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

The following schedule reflects the number of shares of preferred stock
that have been issued, converted and are outstanding as of June 30, 2021: 

Security 
 Date Issued 
 No. of Shares 
 Amount 
 Date of Conversion 
 No. of Shares Converted 
 Amount Converted 
 Balance 6/30/2021 
 
 Total Series M Cv Pfd 
 Various 
 600 
 6,000,000 
 Various 
 600 
 6,000,000 
 -0- 
 
 Dividends 

-0- 
 
 Total redemption value 

-0- 

Series L Cv Pfd 
 2/10/2010 
 35 
 350,000 
 1/6/2011 
 15 
 150,000 
 200,000 
 
 Dividends 

215,939 
 
 Total redemption value 

415,939 

Series L Convertible Preferred Stock 

On March 31, 2010, a private investor converted a 350,000 short-term
promissory note into 35 shares of Series L Convertible Preferred Stock. The original purchase price/stated value is 10,000 per share
and dividends accrue at an annual rate of 9 . The preferred stock is convertible into 474 shares of common stock for each share of preferred
stock. On January 6, 2011, the private investor converted 15 shares of Series L Convertible Preferred Stock representing a principal value
of 150,000. After the conversion, the private investor held 20 shares representing a principal value of 200,000. The remaining principal
value of 200,000 is presented on the balance sheet as temporary equity, as the holder has the option to redeem for cash at any time.
At June 30, 2021 and 2020, the balance of cumulative dividends owed to the investor which is included in redemption value was 215,939
and 197,939, respectively. The total presented on the balance sheet as temporary equity is 415,939 as of June 30, 2021 and 397,939
as of June 30, 2020. 

Series M Convertible Preferred Stock 

The Company had previously sold 600 Series M
Convertible Preferred Stock to Viable International Investments, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, Viable ).
Each share of the Series M Preferred Stock was convertible into 147,283 shares of Common Stock. In the event of a liquidation, the
holders of the Series M Preferred Stock would have been entitled to receive, prior to any distribution of assets to holders of
Common Stock or other class of capital stock or other equity securities of the Corporation, 10,000 per share of Series M Preferred
Stock held plus accrued but unpaid dividends. The holders of the Series M Preferred Stock would have had identical voting rights as
any holder of Common Stock and would have voted together, not as separate classes. The original purchase price/stated value of each
share of Series M Preferred Stock was 10,000 and Viable was be entitled to receive cumulative dividends at the fixed rate of 9 of
the stated value per share per annum. As of June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, the balance of Series M Preferred stock was 0. 

F- 20 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(16) COMMON STOCK 

The Company has 500,000,000 of common shares no par value authorized
and 2,000,000 of no par preferred shares authorized. 

During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued 280,392 shares
of common stock pursuant to debt conversion agreements for 143,000 of accounts payable with Erhfort, LLC. The amount of debt converted
per share was .51. 

During the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued 254,903 shares
of its common stock to non-affiliated accredited investors pursuant to subscription agreements for 130,000. The price per share was .51. 

(17) STOCK OPTIONS 

On December 4, 2016, the Board of Directors adopted the Company s
2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan which was subsequently approved and adopted by majority written consent in lieu
of an annual meeting. The purpose of the 2016 Plan is to encourage and enable the officers, employees, directors and other key persons
(including consultants) of the Company, upon whose judgment, initiative and efforts the Company largely depends for the successful conduct
of its business, to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company. It is anticipated that providing such persons with a direct stake in
the Company s welfare will assure a closer identification of their interests with those of the Company and its stockholders, thereby
stimulating their efforts on the Company s behalf and strengthening their desire to remain with the Company. 

On November 1, 2019, the Board granted an option to purchase 2,000,000
shares with an exercise price of .51 and fair value of .51 per share to a consultant. These options will vest over a three-year period.
The options will be expensed as they vest. On March 1, 2020, the Board granted an option to purchase 98,188 shares with an exercise price
of .51 and fair value of .51 to an employee. These options will vest when CTLM 3.0 is ready for Alpha testing and will be expensed
at that time. On August 1, 2020, the Board granted an option to purchase 157,102 shares with an exercise price of .51 and a fair value
of .51 to an employee. These options will vest when CTLM 3.0 is ready for Alpha testing and will be expensed at that time. On May
1, 2021, the Board granted an option to purchase 1,500,000 shares with an exercise price of .51 and fair value of .13 per share to a
consultant. These options will vest over a three-year period. The options will be expensed as they vest. 

In computing the impact of stock option grants, the fair value of each
option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk-free
interest rate; volatility of a comparable company; and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the
fair value of share-based payment awards represent management s best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties
and the application of management judgment. As a result, if factors change and the Company uses different assumptions, the Company s
stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition, the Company is required to estimate the expected
forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. The Company cannot assess its forfeiture rate at this time
due to the lack of historical data. 

F- 21 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(17) STOCK OPTIONS (Continued) 

As
 of 
 June 30, 2021 
 As
 of 
 June 30, 2020 
 
 Expected volatility 
 23 
 to 44 
 20 
to 24 
 
 Expected term 
 .5
 to 4.83 Years 
 .67
 to 4.3 Years 
 
 Risk-Free interest rate 
 .05 
 to 3.09 
 .89 
 to 2.49 
 
 Forfeiture rate 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 
 Expected dividend rate 
 0.00 
 0.00 

The following table summarizes information about all of the stock options
outstanding under the 2016 Plan at June 30, 2021 and 2020: 

Employees/Consultants 
 Options 
 Wtd. Avg. Exercise Price 
 Wtd. Avg. Remaining Term 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 
 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2019 
 13,447,645 
 0.20 
 3.29 Years 
 - 
 
 Granted 
 2,098,188 
 0.51 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled 
 (450,000 
 0.20 

Outstanding at June 30, 2020 
 15,095,833 
 0.24 
 2.43 Years 
 - 
 
 Granted 
 1,657,102 
 0.51 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding at June 30, 2021 
 16,752,935 
 0.25 
 1.76 Years 
 - 

The following table summarizes information about vested and unvested
options under the 2016 Plan at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020. The Company recognized an expense of 261,431 for the options vested during
the year ended June 30, 2021: 

Employees/Consultants 
 Unvested 
 Vested and Exercisable 
 Total 
 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2019 
 5,730,522 
 7,717,123 
 13,447,645 
 
 Granted 
 1,598,188 
 500,000 
 2,098,188 
 
 Vested and Exercisable 
 (2,755,526 
 2,755,526 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 
 (450,000 
 - 
 (450,000 
 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2020 
 4,123,184 
 10,972,649 
 15,095,833 
 
 Granted 
 1,657,102 
 - 
 1,657,102 
 
 Vested and Exercisable 
 (2,950,000 
 2,950,000 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Rounding Adjustment 
 4 
 (4 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2021 
 2,830,290 
 13,922,645 
 16,752,935 

F- 22 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(17) STOCK OPTIONS (Continued) 

Unvested options will be expensed under the Black-Scholes options-pricing
model when they vest. As of June 30, 2021, the remaining options to be expensed when vested are estimated to be 440,459. 

At June 30, 2020, the Company has issued options pursuant to six different
stock option plans, the most recent being the 2016 Plan. The previous five plans through and including the 2012 Non-Statutory Plan have
a remaining total of options vested and exercisable to purchase 12 shares at an exercise price of 350 per share. 

The tables below summarize information about these five plans: 

Employees/Consultants 
 Options 
 Wtd. Avg. Exercise Price 
 Wtd. Avg. Remaining Term 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 
 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2019 
 13 
 976 
 3.02 Years 
 - 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding at June 30, 2020 
 13 
 976 
 2.01 Years 
 - 

Granted 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled 
 (1 
 13,500 

Outstanding at June 31, 2021 
 12 
 350 
 1.11 Years 
 - 

The table below summarizes information about all stock options outstanding
as of June 30, 2021: 

Outstanding Options 
 Vested Options 
 
 Range of Exercise price 
 Number Outstanding at June 30, 2021 
 Weighted Averaged Exercise Price 
 Weighted Averaged Remaining Life 
 Number Exercisable at June 30, 2021 
 Weighted Averaged Exercise Price 
 Weighted Averaged Remaining Life 
 
 0.20 - 0.51 
 16,752,935 
 0.27 
 1.76 
 13,922,645 
 0.23 
 1.39 
 
 350.00 
 12 
 350 
 1.11 
 12 
 350 
 1.11 
 
 Outstanding options 
 16,752,947 
 0.27 
 1.76 
 13,922,657 
 0.23 
 1.39 

The Company s common stock, symbol
IMDS, was quoted on OTCmarkets.com Pink until September 25, 2014 at which time IDSI s registration was revoked by the
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for failure to timely file its Quarterly and Annual Reports. The last quoted price was
 0.1. Because the Company was de-registered and OTC markets did not provide a quote for IMDS, there is no public market for the
Company s shares. Given the exercise prices adjusted for the reverse split, it is highly unlikely that any employee holding
pre-2016 Plan options will exercise them. The Company has sufficient authorized shares available for all outstanding option;
however, if exercised, the shares will be issued with a restrictive legend because the Company was not an SEC reporting company
until October 2018. Further, given its recent return to SEC reporting status, the Company is unable to file an S-8 Registration
Statement to register shares issued because of option exercise pursuant to various stock option agreements. 

F- 23 

IMAGING DIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 June 30, 2021 and 2020 

(18) COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

The Company previously carried 3,000,000 in product liability insurance
to cover both clinical sites and sales. As part of its cost savings initiatives, the Company cancelled the policy as it had not had any
adverse experiences after conducting more than 25,000 patient scans worldwide. The Company is now self-insuring the risk of product liability. 

From May 2010 to June 2012, claims were made by the IRS for payment
of the Company s accrued payroll taxes, interest and penalties, which as of June 30, 2012 was 1,489,640. The Company engaged tax
counsel to handle this matter and intends to fully satisfy its payroll tax obligations. On August 4, 2014, Viable purchased 250 shares
of convertible preferred stock for 2,500,000, which gave them a 78.9 voting and economic interest in the Company s capital stock
representing a change in control of the Company. New management s tax counsel negotiated a new Installment Agreement which stipulated
a lump sum payment of 250,000, which was paid on September 4, 2014 and monthly installment payments of 20,000 beginning in September
2014 due on the 18 th of each month until the balance of payroll taxes, interest and penalties are paid in full (Note 10). 

During fiscal 2018, as part of new management s restructuring
plan, the Company received funds from an accredited investor to pay off the payroll tax portion of the amount owed to the IRS. The Company
engaged tax counsel to manage the settlement and payment. On June 27, 2018, the IRS provided counsel with a payoff calculation table indicating
that the balance of taxes due was 381,224. On June 29, 2018, Viable International Investments LLC provided a bank check in that amount
to counsel and they sent the check to the IRS with a letter requesting abatement of penalties and interest totaling 314,019. As of June
30, 2021, the Company s tax counsel is in the process of reviewing recent IRS correspondence to determine appeals status and will
work towards final resolutions with the IRS on all outstanding liabilities. The Company has decided to wait until all resolutions are
final before making any adjustments to the balance of 314,019 owed to the IRS. 

The Company leased a commercial building from Isco Properties, LLC
for its offices and warehouse in Fort Lauderdale, FL. The term of the lease was five years beginning February 2014 with a monthly base
rent beginning at 6,360 and increasing at a rate of 3 per year. The total rent commitment for the five years was 405,031, which has
been fully satisfied as of the date of this report. On October 31, 2018, the Company extended the lease for two years from February 1,
2019 to January 31, 2021. The monthly base rent was 7,150 for the 1 st year and 7,350 for the 2 nd year. The lease
agreement was amended on August 1, 2019 which changed the total base rent for year 1 to 76,102 and year 2 to 98,452. This was the result
of an agreement to reduce the base rent from August through October of 2019 by 6,650 per month and increasing the base rent from November
2019 through April 2020 by 3,417.38 (which includes imputed interest of 92.38 per month) to make up the deficit. The rent commitment
before sales tax for the two years was 174,554. As of October 1, 2020, the Company s office and warehouse lease was terminated
by its landlord due to nonpayment of rent. The Company had an ROU asset related to the lease of 21,403 and a lease liability of 21,511
at termination, resulting in a gain on lease termination of 108. The landlord also agreed to settle the outstanding balance of the rent
due for 15,000, pursuant to a settlement agreement, resulting in an additional net gain on lease termination of 10,755 (See Note 13). 

On January 8, 2019, the Company entered into an auto lease agreement.
The term of the lease is 3 years beginning January 8, 2019 with a monthly lease payment of 1,204 due on the 7th day of each month. The
total lease commitment including sales tax for the 3 years is 43,338. This lease was terminated on March 10, 2021 and the vehicle was
returned to the dealership. No gain or loss resulted from the termination of the lease. 

On October 23, 2019, the Company entered into
a consulting agreement the Agreement effective as of November 1, 2019, with Dr. Huabei Jiang to serve as IDSI s
Chief Scientific Consultant. Pursuant to the Agreement, Dr. Jiang is focused on improving the technical performance and image quality
of IDSI s CTLM breast imaging device. Per the Agreement, the goal of the initial project was to complete image
quality improvement by November 1, 2020. A payment of 500,000 will be due upon satisfactory completion of the
project. As of June 30, 2021, Dr. Jiang has completed the first phase of image quality improvement and is currently collecting image data
for evaluation and further technical improvement. We have yet to establish the effectiveness of the improvements, as completion of the
project has been delayed due to the COVID-19 crisis. 

(19) SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

On August 24, 2021, the Company received loan proceeds of 15,000 from
Viable International Investments, LLC. Interest is 0 and the principal is payable on demand. 

On September 30, 2021, the Company received loan
proceeds of 30,000 from Viable International Investments, LLC. Interest is 0 and the principal is payable on demand. 

F- 24 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There have been no changes in or disagreements
with accountants on accounting or financial disclosure matters. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.

Under the supervision
and participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of June 30, 2021. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or the
persons performing similar functions, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of June 30, 2021. 

There have been no changes in our internal controls
over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our most recent fiscal year that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

The names of our officers and directors, as well as certain information
about them, are set forth below: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Held Since 

Chunming Zhang 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 2014 

David Fong 
 
 65 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2014 

Guanliang Josh Wang 
 
 37 
 
 Vice President of Operations and Secretary 
 
 2017 

Chunming Zhang has been a Director and Vice President
of IDSI s parent company, Sanya Wanbo (Viable) Investments, Ltd. Co. Viable China ), since December 2013. Ms. Zhang
was selected to be the Company s director and CEO due to her familiarity with IDSI s parent company, her prior business development
experience in medical technology and medical devices, and her executive-level experiences in business. She was the chief assistant and
marketing manager for Dr ger Medical GmbH s China operations from 1992 to 1995. Dr ger is a medical and safety technologies
company headquartered in L beck, Germany. During that period, Ms. Zhang was responsible for the approval of policy and sales licenses
of German machines imported to China, including customs approval of exhibition equipment. She also participated in the domestic large-scale
hospital equipment procurement process, promotional and marketing activities, and the establishment of a joint venture factory in Shanghai.
From 1995 to 2011, Ms. Zhang was the vice general manager of Beijing Shanqishi Investment Consulting Co., Ltd., where she was responsible
for the planning of retirement communities and senior housing projects. She currently serves as a board member of Hannan Wanbo Co., Ltd.,
where she has been instrumental in developing several large commercial real estate projects, including one of the biggest retirement housing
projects in Hainan. Ms. Zhang graduated from East China University of Science and Technology in 1992 with a degree in Foreign Trade. 

33 

David Fong is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA)
and Personal Financial Specialist (PFS). Mr. Fong was selected to be the Company s initial director and CFO due to his extensive
experience in advising businesses on tax, accounting, finance, and business matters. He has been providing tax, accounting, and financial
services in the United States since 1986, with particular focus on matters related to international tax and business. As part of his professional
career, Mr. Fong has served as managing director and CFO of businesses in various industries. He is the principal owner of Fong 
Associates, LLC and Fongtax, LLC in Orlando, Florida. Mr. Fong has a B.S. degree in Economics from Columbia University and a MBA degree
from NYU. 

Guanliang Josh Wang is currently
Vice President of Operations and Secretary of the Company. He began his employment with the Company as a Technical Specialist in August
2014. In March 2017 he was appointed Vice President of Operations and Secretary of the corporation. From 2013 to 2014, Mr. Wang was employed
as a part-time IT Specialist at Florida College of Integrative Medicine FCIM in Orlando, FL and also was employed as a
part-time Real Estate Agent from 2010 to 2014 and self-employed as an IT Specialist from 2010 to 2013. From 2008 to 2009, he was a Process
Engineer Supervisor at Cutrale Citrus Juices USA in the greater Orlando, FL area. Mr. Wang graduated in 2008 with a B.S.E.E. degree in
Electrical Engineering from University of Central Florida. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Table 6: Smaller Reporting Company Summary Compensation Table, Last
2 Completed Fiscal Years 

Name and Positions 
 Year 
 Salary/Fee ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stocks ) 
 Options ) 
 Other ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Chunming Zhang 
 FYE 06/30/20 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 CEO 
 FYE 06/30/21 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 David Fong 
 FYE 06/30/20 
 102,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 102,000 
 
 CFO 
 FYE 06/30/21 
 102,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 102,000 
 
 Guanliang Wang 
 FYE 06/30/20 
 52,958 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 52,958 
 
 Secretary 
 FYE 06/30/21 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End (all amounts adjusted for Reverse Stock Split) 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) 
exercisable 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) 
unexercisable 
 Equity 
incentive plan awards: number of securities underlying unexercised unearned 
options 
(#) 
 Option exercise price ) 
 Option expiration date 

Chunming Zhang 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 David Fong 
 834,602 
 -- 
 -- 
 0.20 
 1/1/22 
 
 Guanliang Wang 
 540,037 
 -- 
 -- 
 0.20 
 1/1/22 

Smaller Reporting Companies Director Compensation Table, Last Completed
Fiscal Year 

IDSI had no non-officer directors in the last
completed fiscal year and paid no compensation for service as a director. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

IDSI has no compensation committee. IDSI s
sole director participated in deliberations concerning executive compensation in the last completed fiscal year. The information required
by this item is contained under Items 10 and 13 herein. 

34 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth certain information
as of October 12, 2021 regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i) each person who beneficially owns more than 5 of
our common stock; (ii) each of our directors and executive officers; and (iii) all of our executive officers and directors as a group.
To our knowledge, no other person beneficially owns more than 5 of our common stock. As of October 12, 2021, we had 123,156,941 shares
outstanding. 

All share amounts in this table are adjusted for
our 1 for 1000 reverse stock split effective July 27, 2018 (the Reverse Stock Split ). 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares Owned 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Viable International Investments, LLC 

1221 East Robinson Street 

Orlando, Florida 32801 
 87,104,689 
 70.72 

Hongbo Li 

Unit 21, No. 1 Building 

#288 Ning Xia Road 

Qingdao, Shandong, China 
 7,424,553 
 6.043 

Officers and Directors 

Chunming Zhang 1 
 0 
 0 

David Fong 
 1,084,602 2 
 .88 

Guanliang Wang 
 540,037 3 
 .44 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a group (3 persons) 
 1,624,639 
 1.32 

1 Viable is beneficially owned 72 by Lixin Yang, Chairman of
Viable China, and 28 by Hoi Po Yeung (Paul Yeung), brother of Lixin Yang, through Invescope, LLC Invescope ), a Florida
limited liability company owned by other members of his family. Chunming Zhang, our CEO, is the wife of Lixin Yang. She disclaims beneficial
ownership of the shares held by Viable. 

2 Includes 834,602 shares covered by currently exercisable stock
options. 

3 All of these shares are covered by currently exercisable stock
options. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

Related Party Transactions 

Viable International Investments, LLC, a Florida
limited liability company Viable ), owns 70.89 of IDSI s outstanding common stock. Viable is owned 72 by Viable
China, which is beneficially owned by Lixin Wang, and 28 by Invescope, LLC, a Florida limited liability company beneficially owned by
Paul Yang, the brother of Lixin Yang. Viable and its affiliates have been our main source of capital since the Viable Acquisition. 

In June 2017, IDSI entered into a licensing agreement
with Xi an IDI which grants to Xi an IDI the exclusive right to manufacture the CTLM in China and market and sell the
CTLM in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau. Under this agreement, Xi an IDI must pay to IDSI a royalty of 25 of its gross
sales of CTLM systems. Also, IDSI sells inventory parts to Xi an IDI or acquires parts from third parties on behalf of Xi an
IDI. During the year ended June 30, 2021 there were no sales made to Xi an IDI pursuant to this agreement. A majority of the shares
of Xi an IDI are beneficially owned by Lixin Yang. 

35 

Since the Viable Acquisition in August 2014, Paul
Yeung has provided consulting services to the Company through Erhfort, LLC, a Florida limited liability company Erhfort in exchange for a fee of 8,500 per month for fiscal 2021 and 2020. In his consulting capacity, Mr. Yeung, who lives in Orlando, Florida,
regularly reviews the Company s operations and reports to IDSI s CEO Chunming Zhang, who lives in China. From August 2014
through August 2015, Erhfort s fees were paid by Viable. Since September 2015, Erhfort s fees have been paid by IDSI. 

We expect that our board will adopt a written
policy for the review of related party transactions. For purposes of the policy, a related party transaction will include transactions
in which (1) the amount involved in any consecutive 12-month period is more than the lesser of (i) 120,000 or (ii) one percent of IDSI s
average total assets at year-end in the prior two completed fiscal years, (2) IDSI is a participant, and (3) any related party has a direct
or indirect material interest. The policy is expected to define a related party to include directors, nominees for director,
executive officers, beneficial owners of more than 5 of IDSI s outstanding common stock and their respective immediate family members.
Pursuant to the policy, all related party transactions must be approved by IDSI s board of directors or, in the event of an inadvertent
failure to bring the transaction to the board, ratified by the board. In the event that a member of the board has an interest in a related
party transaction, the transaction must be approved or ratified by the disinterested members of the board. In deciding whether to approve
or ratify a related party transaction, the board will consider the following factors: 

whether the terms of the transaction are (1) fair to IDSI and
(2) at least as favorable to IDSI as would apply if the transaction did not involve a related party; 

whether there are demonstrable business reasons for IDSI to
enter into the transaction; 

whether the transaction would impair the independence of an
outside director under IDSI s director independence standards; and 

whether the transaction would present an improper conflict of
interest for any director or executive officer, taking into account the size of the transaction, the overall financial position of the
related party, the direct or indirect nature of the related party s interest in the transaction and the ongoing nature of any proposed
relationship, and any other factors the committee deems relevant. 

Independent Directors 

IDSI currently has no independent director. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

For the Fiscal Years ended June 30, 2021 and
2020, we paid audit fees totaling 45,500 and 43,000 respectively. 

June 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Fees for Annual Audits 
 30,500 
 30,500 
 
 Fees for Quarterly Reviews 
 15,000 
 15,000 
 
 Totals 
 45,500 
 45,500 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

31.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.1NS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

36 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: October 12, 2021 
 Imaging Diagnostic Systems, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ David Fong 

David Fong 

Chief Financial Officer 

(PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER) 

37 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2021ex31-1_imaging.htm
 CERTIFCATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFCATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT SECTIONS 13(a) 
15(d) 

 AS REQUIRED BY SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Chunming Zhang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Imaging Diagnostic Systems, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 12, 2021 
 /s/ Chunming Zhang 

Chunming Zhang 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2021ex31-2_imaging.htm
 CERTIFCATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFCATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT SECTIONS 13(a) 
15(d) 

 AS REQUIRED BY SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, David Fong, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Imaging Diagnostic Systems, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 12, 2021 
 /s/ David Fong 

David Fong 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2021ex32-1_imaging.htm
 CERTIFCATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Imaging Diagnostic Systems,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Chunming Zhang, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 12, 2021 
 /s/ Chunming Zhang 

Chunming Zhang 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2021ex32-2_imaging.htm
 CERTIFCATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Imaging Diagnostic Systems,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David Fong, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 12, 2021 
 /s/ David Fong 

David Fong 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 imds-20210630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 imds-20210630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 imds-20210630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 imds-20210630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 imds-20210630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 imds-20210630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

