<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211216_10-K_edgar_data_315189_0001558370-21-016864.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>52920488</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1997142</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4285220</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>28121944</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5717070</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>11095613</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>21</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-21-016864.hdr.sgml : 20211216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211216113934
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-21-016864
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		189
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20211031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DEERE & CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000315189
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FARM MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3523]
		IRS NUMBER:				362382580
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04121
		FILM NUMBER:		211496481

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE JOHN DEERE PLACE
		CITY:			MOLINE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			61265-8098
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(309) 765-8000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE JOHN DEERE PLACE
		CITY:			MOLINE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			61265-8098

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-21-016864.txt : 20211216

10-K
 1
 de-20211031x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark one) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____ to ____ Commission file number DEERE COMPANY (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of incorporation) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Telephone Number) SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT 

Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: NONE Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate quoted market price of voting stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates at April 30, 2021 was . At November 30, 2021, shares of common stock, 1 par value, of the registrant were outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference . Portions of the proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on February 23, 2022 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS 2 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 13 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 23 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 23 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 23 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 23 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 23 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 24 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 24 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 24 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 24 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 24 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 24 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 25 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 25 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 25 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 25 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 25 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 25 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 25 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 26 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 26 22 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS . This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements provide our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance, and business. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expected. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, or cautionary statements, and other important information about forward-looking statements are disclosed under Item 1A, Risk Factors and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Safe Harbor Statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Products In fiscal year 2021, Deere Company (the Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively, John Deere) implemented a new operating model and reporting structure. With this change, John Deere s agriculture and turf operations were divided into two new segments: production and precision agriculture and small agriculture and turf. There were no reporting changes for the construction and forestry and financial services segments. As a result, John Deere s operations are now categorized into four major business segments: The production and precision agriculture segment defines, develops, and delivers global equipment and technology solutions to unlock customer value for production-scale growers of large grains, small grains, cotton, and sugar. The segment s main products include large and certain mid-size tractors, combines, cotton pickers, sugarcane harvesters and loaders, and soil preparation, seeding, application, and crop care equipment. The small agriculture and turf segment defines, develops, and delivers global equipment and technology solutions to unlock customer value for dairy and livestock producers, high-value crop producers, and turf and utility customers. The segment s primary products include certain mid-size and small tractors, as well as hay and forage equipment, riding and commercial lawn equipment, golf course equipment, and utility vehicles. The construction and forestry segment defines, develops, and delivers a broad range of machines and technology solutions organized along the earthmoving, forestry, and roadbuilding production systems. The segment s primary products include crawler dozers and loaders, four-wheel-drive loaders, excavators, skid-steer loaders, milling machines, and log harvesters. The products and services produced by the segments above are marketed primarily through independent retail dealer networks and major retail outlets, and, as it relates to roadbuilding products in certain markets outside the U.S. and Canada, primarily through Company-owned sales and service subsidiaries. The financial services segment primarily finances sales and leases by John Deere dealers of new and used production and precision agriculture, small agriculture and turf, and construction and forestry equipment. In addition, the financial services segment provides wholesale financing to dealers of the foregoing equipment, finances retail revolving charge accounts, and offers extended equipment warranties. John Deere s worldwide production and precision agriculture operations, small agriculture and turf operations, and construction and forestry operations are sometimes collectively referred to as the equipment operations. The financial services segment is sometimes referred to as the financial services operations. The production and precision agriculture and small agriculture and turf segments are sometimes collectively referred to as agriculture and turf or the agriculture and turf operations. Additional information is presented in the discussion of business segment and geographic area results on pages 28 30. The John Deere enterprise has manufactured agricultural equipment since 1837. The present Company was incorporated under the laws of Delaware in 1958. Available Information The Company s internet address is http://www.deere.com . Through that address, the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports are available free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (Securities and Exchange Commission or Commission). The information contained on the Company s website is not included in, nor incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Market Conditions Agriculture and Turf. Industry sales of large agricultural machinery in the U.S. and Canada are forecasted to increase approximately 15 percent compared to 2021. Industry sales of small agricultural and turf equipment in the U.S. and Canada are expected to be flat in 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 2022. Industry sales of agricultural machinery in Europe are forecasted to be about 5 percent higher, while South American industry sales of tractors and combines are forecasted to be roughly 5 percent higher in 2022. Asia industry sales are forecasted to be nearly the same in 2022 as in 2021. Construction and Forestry. On an industry basis, North American construction equipment and compact construction equipment sales are both expected to be 5 to 10 percent higher in 2022. Global forestry industry sales are expected to increase 10 to 15 percent. Financial Services. The Company s financial services operations for full-year fiscal 2022 are expected to experience slightly lower results due to a higher provision for credit losses, lower gains on operating lease residual values, and higher selling, administrative, and general expenses. These factors are expected to be partially offset by income earned on a higher average portfolio. 2021 Consolidated Results Compared with 2020 For fiscal 2021, worldwide net income attributable to the Company was 5.963 billion, or 18.99 per share, compared with 2.751 billion, or 8.69 per share, in fiscal 2020. Worldwide net sales and revenues increased 24 percent to 44.024 billion in 2021, compared with 35.540 billion in 2020. Net income in 2020 was negatively affected by impairment charges and employee-separation costs of 458 million after-tax (see Notes 4 and 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). In addition, net income in 2020 was unfavorably affected by discrete adjustments to the provision for income taxes. Net sales of the worldwide equipment operations increased in fiscal 2021 to 39.737 billion, compared with 31.272 billion last year. Production and precision agriculture, small agriculture and turf, and construction and forestry sales increased during 2021 due to higher shipment volumes and price realization. Worldwide equipment operations had an operating profit of 6.868 billion in fiscal 2021, compared with 3.559 billion in fiscal 2020. Operating profit for production and precision agriculture increased due to price realization, higher shipment volumes / sales mix, and a favorable indirect tax ruling in Brazil. These items were partially offset by higher production costs. The prior year was also impacted by voluntary employee-separation program expenses. Operating profit for small agriculture and turf increased largely as a result of higher shipment volumes/sales mix and price realization. Partially offsetting these factors were higher production costs. Results for the current year were positively impacted by a gain on the sale of a factory in China, while results for the prior year were affected by impairments, closure costs, and voluntary employee-separation program expenses. Construction and forestry s operating profit increased mainly due to higher shipment volumes/sales mix and price realization, partially offset by higher production costs. The prior year was also impacted by employee-separation program expenses and impairments in certain fixed assets and unconsolidated affiliates. Net income of the Company s equipment operations was 5.082 billion for fiscal 2021, compared with 2.185 billion in fiscal 2020. The equipment operations provision for income taxes and net income in 2020 were adversely affected by non-deductible impairments and charges. The financial services operations reported net income attributable to the Company of 881 million for fiscal 2021 compared with 566 million in fiscal 2020. The increase was mainly due to improvement on operating lease residual values, a lower provision for credit losses, more favorable financing spreads, and income earned on a higher average portfolio. The cost of sales to net sales ratio for 2021 was 73.3 percent, compared with 75.7 percent for 2020. The cost of sales to net sales ratio decreased compared to 2020 mainly due to price realization and the impact of impairments and employee-separation expenses recorded in 2020 (see Note 5). Additional information on fiscal 2021 results is presented on pages 27 30. EQUIPMENT OPERATIONS Production and Precision Agriculture The production and precision agriculture segment defines, develops, and delivers global equipment and technology solutions to unlock customer value for production-scale growers of large grains (such as corn and soy), small grains (such as wheat, oats, and barley), cotton, and sugar. Equipment manufactured and distributed by the segment includes large and certain mid-size tractors, combines, cotton pickers, cotton strippers, sugarcane harvesters, related harvesting front-end equipment, sugarcane loaders, pull-behind scrapers, and tillage, seeding, and application equipment, including sprayers and nutrient management and soil preparation machinery. The segment also provides integrated agricultural solutions and precision technologies across its portfolio of large equipment. John Deere has developed a unique, production system-level approach designed to improve customer profitability, productivity, and sustainability. This approach includes precise global navigation satellite systems technology, advanced connectivity and telematics, on-board sensors and computing power, automation software, digital tools, and applications and analytics that together enable seamless integration of information designed to improve customer decision making and job execution. John Deere s advanced telematics systems remotely connect equipment owners, business managers, and dealers to equipment in the field, providing real-time 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 alerts and information about equipment location, utilization, performance, and maintenance to improve productivity and efficiency, as well as to monitor agronomic job execution. In addition to the John Deere brand, the production and precision agriculture segment manufactures and sells sprayers under the Hagie and Mazzotti brand names, planters and cultivators under the Monosem brand name, sprayers and planters under the PLA brand name, and carbon fiber sprayer booms under the King Agro brand name. The segment also sells sugarcane harvester aftermarket parts under the Unimil brand name. Aftermarket parts for production and precision agriculture products are also sold under the Vapormatic and A I brand names. John Deere manufactures its production and precision agriculture equipment for sale primarily through independent retail dealer networks. Small Agriculture and Turf The small agriculture and turf segment defines, develops, and delivers global equipment and technology solutions to unlock customer value for dairy and livestock producers, high-value crop producers, and turf and utility customers. The segment works to leverage integrated agricultural solutions and precision technologies across its portfolio of equipment. Equipment manufactured and distributed by the segment includes: certain mid-size as well as small and utility tractors and related loaders and attachments; turf and utility equipment, including riding lawn equipment, commercial mowing equipment, golf course equipment, utility vehicles, implements for mowing, tilling, snow and debris handling, aerating, and many other residential, commercial, golf, and sports turf care applications, and other outdoor power products; and hay and forage equipment, including self-propelled forage harvesters and attachments, balers, and mowers. John Deere also purchases certain products from other manufacturers for resale. In addition to the John Deere brand, the small agriculture and turf segment purchases and sells a variety of equipment attachments under the Frontier, Kemper, and Green Systems brand names. Aftermarket parts for small agriculture and turf products are sold under the Vapormatic, A I, and Sunbelt brand names. John Deere s small agriculture and turf equipment is sold primarily through independent retail dealer networks, although the segment also builds turf products for sale by mass retailers, including The Home Depot and Lowe s. Agriculture and Turf Operations Operating Model . John Deere s production and precision agriculture and small agriculture and turf segments together offer a full line of agriculture and turf equipment and related service parts. The segments are aligned around production systems, enabling focus on delivering equipment, technology, and solutions across all the jobs customers execute during a season. This holistic approach to production systems enables John Deere to invest in the product roadmap and related research and development. Sales and marketing support for both the production and precision agriculture and small agriculture and turf segments continues to be organized around four geographic customer focus areas. Business Environment . Sales of agricultural equipment are affected by total farm cash receipts, which reflect levels of farm commodity prices, acreage planted, crop yields, and government policies, including global trade policies, the amount and timing of government payments, and policies related to climate change. Sales are also influenced by general economic conditions, farmland prices, farmers debt levels and access to financing, interest and exchange rates, agricultural trends, including the production of and demand for renewable fuels, labor availability and costs, energy costs, tax policies, and other input costs associated with farming. Other important factors affecting new agricultural equipment sales are the value and level of used equipment, including tractors, harvesting equipment, self-propelled sprayers, hay and forage equipment, and seeding equipment. Weather and climatic conditions can also affect buying decisions of agricultural equipment purchasers. Innovations in machinery and technology also influence agricultural equipment purchasing. For example, larger, more productive equipment is well accepted where farmers are striving for more efficiency in their operations. Large, cost-efficient, highly-mechanized agricultural operations account for an important share of worldwide farm output. These customers are increasingly adopting and integrating precision agricultural technologies like guidance, telematics, and data management in their operations. The large-size agricultural equipment used on such farms has been particularly important to John Deere. A large proportion of the equipment operations total agricultural equipment sales in the U.S. and Canada, and a large proportion of sales in many countries outside the U.S. and Canada, are comprised of tractors over 100 horsepower, self-propelled combines, self-propelled cotton pickers, self-propelled forage harvesters, self-propelled sprayers, and seeding equipment. However, small tractors are an important part of our global tractor business. Further, John Deere offers a number of harvesting solutions to support development of the mechanized harvesting of grain, oilseeds, cotton, sugar, and biomass. Retail sales of lawn and garden tractors, compact utility tractors, residential and commercial mowers, utility vehicles, and golf and turf equipment are influenced by weather conditions, consumer spending patterns, and general economic conditions. Seasonality . Seasonal patterns in retail demand for agricultural equipment result in substantial variations in the volume and mix of products sold to retail customers during the year. Seasonal demand must be estimated in advance, and equipment must be 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 manufactured in anticipation of such demand to achieve efficient utilization of personnel and facilities throughout the year. For certain equipment, John Deere offers early order programs, which include discounts to retail customers that place orders well in advance of the use season. Production schedules are based, in part, on these early order programs. The production and precision agriculture and small agriculture and turf segments incur substantial seasonal variations in cash flows to finance production and inventory of agricultural and turf equipment. The segments also incur costs to finance sales to dealers in advance of seasonal demand. New combine and cotton harvesting equipment has been sold under early order programs with waivers of retail finance charges available to customers who take delivery of machines during non-use seasons. In Australia, Canada, and the U.S., there are typically several used equipment trade-in transactions that take place in connection with most new agricultural equipment sales. To provide support to its dealers in these countries for carrying and ultimately selling this used inventory to retail customers, John Deere provides these dealers with pools of funds awarded as a percentage of the dealer cost for eligible new equipment sales at the time of the new equipment settlement. Retail demand for turf and utility equipment is normally higher in the second and third fiscal quarters. John Deere has pursued a strategy of building and shipping such equipment as close to retail demand as possible. Consequently, to increase asset turnover and reduce the average level of field inventories throughout the year, production and shipment schedules of these product lines are normally proportionately higher in the second and third fiscal quarters of each year, corresponding closely to the seasonal pattern of retail sales. Construction and Forestry John Deere s construction and forestry segment defines, develops, and delivers a broad range of machines and technology solutions organized along the earthmoving, forestry, and roadbuilding production systems. The segment s primary products include a broad range of backhoe loaders, crawler dozers and loaders, four-wheel-drive loaders, excavators, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, landscape loaders, skid-steer loaders, milling machines, pavers, compactors, rollers, crushers, screens, asphalt plants, log skidders, log feller bunchers, log loaders, log forwarders, log harvesters, and a variety of attachments. John Deere provides a broad line of construction equipment and the most complete line of forestry machines and attachments available in the world. John Deere also manufactures and distributes roadbuilding equipment through its wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Wirtgen Group. The construction and forestry segment s products are distributed under the John Deere brand name, except for the Wirtgen Group products, which are manufactured and distributed under six brand names: Wirtgen, V gele, Hamm, Kleemann, Benninghoven, and Ciber. Forestry attachments are distributed under the John Deere and Waratah brand names. In addition to the equipment manufactured by the construction and forestry segment, John Deere purchases certain products from other manufacturers for resale. The segment also provides advanced connectivity and telematics solutions designed to improve customer productivity, efficiency, and worksite management through access to fleet location, utilization, performance, and maintenance information. The prevailing levels of residential, commercial, and public construction, investment in infrastructure, and the condition of the forestry products industry influence retail sales of John Deere construction, earthmoving, roadbuilding, material handling, and forestry equipment. General economic conditions, interest rate levels, the availability of credit, and certain commodity prices, such as oil and gas and those applicable to pulp, paper, and saw logs, also influence sales. Bell Equipment Limited (Bell) distributes certain John Deere-manufactured construction equipment under the Bell brand in certain territories of Africa. Arrangements whereby Bell previously manufactured and sold certain John Deere-designed construction equipment and distributed John Deere-manufactured forestry equipment under the John Deere brand in specified territories of Africa were terminated in fiscal year 2021. John Deere and Hitachi Construction Machinery Co., Ltd. (Hitachi) have a joint venture for the manufacture of hydraulic excavators and tracked forestry equipment in the U.S., Canada, and Brazil. Under the joint venture, John Deere distributes Hitachi brands of construction and mining equipment in North, Central, and South America. On August 19, 2021, the Company and Hitachi agreed to voluntarily terminate the joint venture. Following the termination, John Deere will continue to manufacture certain John Deere-branded excavators formerly manufactured by the joint venture and will additionally purchase certain John Deere-branded excavators, components, and service parts from Hitachi under a new supply agreement. The termination transaction is expected to close during the first half of fiscal year 2022, subject to the receipt of certain required regulatory approvals and satisfaction of certain other customary closing conditions. The segment has a number of initiatives in the rent-to-rent, or short-term rental, market for construction, earthmoving, roadbuilding, and material handling equipment. These include specially designed rental programs for John Deere dealers and expanded cooperation with major national equipment rental companies. John Deere owns retail forestry sales operations in Australia, Brazil, Finland, Ireland, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. In addition, in many markets worldwide (most significantly in Europe, India, and Australia), the Wirtgen Group sells its products primarily through Company-owned sales and service subsidiaries. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Competition The equipment operations sell products and services into a variety of highly competitive global and regional markets. The principal competitive factors in all markets include product performance, innovation and quality, distribution, customer service, and price. In North America and many other parts of the world, John Deere s brand recognition is a competitive factor. The agricultural equipment industry continues to undergo significant changes and is becoming even more competitive through the emergence and expanding global capability of many competitors. The competitive environment for the agriculture and turf operations includes some global competitors, including AGCO Corporation, CLAAS KGaA mbH, CNH Industrial N.V., Kubota Tractor Corporation, Mahindra, and The Toro Company, as well as many regional and local competitors. These competitors have varying numbers of product lines competing with John Deere s products and each has varying degrees of regional focus. Additional competition within the agricultural equipment industry has come from a variety of short-line and specialty manufacturers, as well as indigenous regional competitors, with differing manufacturing and marketing methods. As technology increasingly enables enhanced productivity in agriculture, the industry is also attracting non-traditional competitors, including technology-focused companies and start-up ventures. John Deere s turf equipment is sold primarily in the competitive North American, Western European, and Australian markets. Global competitors of the construction and forestry segment include Caterpillar Inc., CNH Industrial N.V., Doosan Infracore Co., Ltd. and its subsidiary Doosan Bobcat Inc., Fayat Group, Komatsu Ltd., Kubota Tractor Corporation, Ponsse Plc, SANY Group Co., Ltd., Terex, Tigercat Industries Inc., Volvo Construction Equipment (part of Volvo Group AB), and XCMG. The construction business operates in competitive markets in North and South America as well as other global markets. The forestry and roadbuilding businesses operate globally. The segment manufactures over 90 percent of the types of construction equipment used in the U.S. and Canada, including construction, forestry, earthmoving, roadbuilding, and material handling equipment. Manufacturing Manufacturing Plants . In the U.S. and Canada, the equipment operations own and operate 21 factory locations and lease and operate another two locations. Of these 23 factories, eight are devoted primarily to production and precision agriculture equipment, five to small agriculture and turf equipment, four to construction and forestry equipment, one to engines, two to component remanufacturing, two to hydraulic and power train components, and one to electronic components. Outside the U.S. and Canada, the equipment operations own or lease and operate 44 factories, including: agriculture and turf equipment factories in Argentina, Brazil, China, France, Germany, India, Israel, Italy, Mexico, the Netherlands, Russia, and Spain; earthmoving equipment factories in Brazil and China; engine, engine/power train, hydraulic, or electronic component factories in Argentina, France, India, and Mexico; roadbuilding equipment factories in Brazil, China, Germany, and India; and forestry equipment factories in Finland and New Zealand. The engine factories referred to above manufacture non-road, heavy duty diesel engines. The equipment operations also have financial interests in other manufacturing organizations, which include the Hitachi joint venture that builds hydraulic excavators and tracked forestry equipment in the U.S., Canada, and Brazil, and ventures that manufacture transaxles and transmissions used in certain agriculture and turf products. Following the expected closing of the termination of the Hitachi joint venture in the first half of fiscal 2022, John Deere will fully own and operate the factories formerly owned by the joint venture. John Deere s facilities are well maintained, in good operating condition, and suitable for their present purposes. These facilities, together with both short-term and long-term planned capital expenditures, are expected to meet John Deere s manufacturing needs in the foreseeable future. Existing capacity is sufficient to satisfy John Deere s current expectations for retail market demand. The equipment operations manufacturing strategy involves the implementation of appropriate levels of technology and automation to allow manufacturing processes to remain profitable at varying production levels. Operations are also designed to be flexible enough to accommodate the product design changes required to meet market conditions and changing customer requirements. Common manufacturing facilities and techniques are employed in the production of components for production and precision agriculture equipment, small agriculture and turf equipment, and construction and forestry equipment. In order to utilize manufacturing facilities and technology more effectively, the equipment operations pursue continuous improvements in manufacturing processes. These include steps to streamline manufacturing processes and enhance responsiveness to customers. John Deere s flexible assembly lines can accommodate a wider product mix and deliver products in line with dealer and customer demand. Additionally, considerable effort is being directed to manufacturing cost reduction through process improvement and improvements in product design, advanced manufacturing technology, supply management and logistics, and environmental, health, and safety management systems, as well as compensation incentives related to productivity and organizational structure. John Deere has experienced volatility in the prices of many raw materials. John Deere has responded to cost pressures by implementing the cost-reduction measures described above and by increasing prices. Significant cost increases could have an adverse effect on the 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Company s operating results. The equipment operations also pursue external sales of selected parts and components that can be manufactured and supplied to third parties on a competitive basis, including engines, power train components, and electronic components. Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights, and Trade Secrets John Deere owns a significant number of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and licenses related to John Deere products and services and expects the number to grow as John Deere continues to pursue technological innovations. John Deere s policy is to further its competitive position by filing patent applications in the U.S. and internationally to protect technology and improvements considered important to the business. John Deere believes that, in the aggregate, the rights under these patents and licenses are generally important to its operations and competitive position, but does not regard any of its businesses as being dependent upon any single patent or group of patents. However, certain John Deere trademarks, which contribute to John Deere s identity and the recognition of its products and services, including but not limited to the John Deere mark, the leaping deer logo, the Nothing Runs Like a Deere slogan, the prefix JD associated with many products, and the green and yellow equipment colors, are an integral part of John Deere s business, and their loss could have a material adverse effect on the Company. For additional information see Risk Factors Intellectual Property Risks The potential loss of John Deere intellectual property through trade secret theft, infringement of patents, trademark counterfeiting, or other loss of rights to exclusive use of John Deere intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on the Company. Infringement of the intellectual property rights of others by John Deere could also have a material adverse effect on the Company . Marketing In the U.S. and Canada, the equipment operations distribute equipment and service parts through the following facilities: two agriculture and turf equipment sales and administration offices located in Olathe, Kansas and Cary, North Carolina and one sales branch located in Grimsby, Ontario; one construction, earthmoving, material handling, and forestry equipment sales and administration office located in Moline, Illinois and one sales branch located in Grimsby, Ontario; and one roadbuilding equipment sales, service, and administration office located in Nashville, Tennessee. In addition, the equipment operations operate two centralized parts distribution warehouses in coordination with nine regional parts depots and distribution centers in the U.S. and Canada. Through these U.S. and Canadian facilities, John Deere markets products to approximately 1,990 independent dealer locations. Of these, approximately 1,545 sell agricultural equipment, while approximately 445 sell construction, earthmoving, material handling, roadbuilding, and/or forestry equipment. In addition, roadbuilding equipment is sold at approximately 125 roadbuilding-only locations that may carry products that compete with John Deere s construction, earthmoving, material handling, and/or forestry equipment. Turf equipment is sold at most John Deere agricultural equipment locations, a few construction, earthmoving, material handling, roadbuilding, and/or forestry equipment locations, and about 340 turf-only locations, many of which also sell dissimilar lines of non-John Deere products. In addition, certain lawn and garden product lines are sold through The Home Depot and Lowe s. Outside the U.S. and Canada, John Deere agriculture and turf equipment is sold to distributors and dealers for resale in over 100 countries. Sales and administrative offices are located in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, China, France, Germany, India, Italy, Mexico, the Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Thailand, Ukraine, and the United Kingdom. Turf equipment sales outside the U.S. and Canada occur primarily in Western Europe and Australia. Construction, earthmoving, material handling, and forestry equipment is sold to distributors and dealers primarily by sales offices located in Australia, Brazil, China, Finland, New Zealand, Russia, Singapore, and the United Kingdom. Some of these dealers are independently owned while John Deere owns others. Roadbuilding equipment is sold both directly to retail customers as well as to independent distributors and dealers for resale. The Wirtgen Group operates company-owned sales and service subsidiaries in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, China, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Guinea, Hungary, India, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Lithuania, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Norway, the Philippines, Poland, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Singapore, South Africa, Sweden, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, Ukraine, and the United Kingdom. The equipment operations operate centralized parts distribution warehouses in Brazil, Germany, India, and Russia in coordination with regional parts depots and distribution centers in Argentina, Australia, China, Mexico, South Africa, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. John Deere markets engines, power trains, and electronic components worldwide through select sales branches or directly to regional and global original equipment manufacturers and independently owned engine distributors. Raw Materials John Deere purchases raw materials and some manufactured components and replacement parts for its equipment, engines, and other products from leading suppliers both domestically and internationally. These materials and components include a variety of steel products, steel and iron castings, forgings, plastics, electronics, and ready-to-assemble components made to certain specifications. John Deere also purchases various goods and services used in production, logistics, offices, and research and development processes. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 John Deere maintains strategic sourcing models to meet its production needs and build upon long-term supplier relationships. John Deere uses a variety of agreements with suppliers intended to drive innovation, ensure availability and delivery of industry-leading quality raw materials and components, manage costs on a globally competitive basis, protect John Deere s intellectual property, and minimize other supply-related risks. Supply chain risks monitored by John Deere to minimize the likelihood of the supply base causing business disruption include supplier financial viability, capacity, business continuity, labor availability, quality, delivery, cybersecurity, and weather-related events, including natural disasters. In fiscal 2021, some of John Deere s operations were affected by certain material or component shortages related to the COVID-19 pandemic (COVID) and associated challenges, including those caused by industry capacity constraints, material availability, global logistics delays and constraints arising from, among other things, the transportation capacity of ocean shipping containers, and labor availability constraints. These challenges are expected to persist into at least the early part of fiscal year 2022. Backlog Orders The dollar amount of backlog orders at October 31, 2021 believed to be firm was approximately 9.6 billion for the production and precision agriculture segment and 5.2 billion for the small agriculture and turf segment, compared with 4.9 billion and 3.3 billion, respectively, at November 1, 2020. The agriculture and turf backlog is generally highest in the second and third quarters due to seasonal buying trends in these industries. The dollar amount of backlog orders for the construction and forestry segment believed to be firm was approximately 6.7 billion at October 31, 2021, compared with 2.1 billion at November 1, 2020. Backlog orders for the equipment operations include all orders deemed to be firm as of the referenced date. Trade Accounts and Notes Receivable Trade accounts and notes receivable arise primarily from sales of goods to independent dealers. Most trade receivables originated by the equipment operations are purchased by the financial services operations. The equipment operations compensate the financial services operations at approximate market rates of interest for these receivables. Additional information appears in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. FINANCIAL SERVICES U.S. and Canada . The financial services segment primarily provides and administers financing for retail purchases from John Deere dealers of new equipment manufactured by John Deere s production and precision agriculture, small agriculture and turf, and construction and forestry segments and used equipment taken in trade for this equipment. The Company and John Deere Construction Forestry Company (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) are referred to as the sales companies. John Deere Capital Corporation (Capital Corporation), a U.S. financial services subsidiary, generally purchases retail installment sales and loan contracts (retail notes) from the sales companies. These retail notes are acquired by the sales companies through John Deere retail dealers in the U.S. John Deere Financial Inc., a Canadian financial services subsidiary, purchases and finances retail notes acquired by John Deere Canada ULC, John Deere s Canadian sales company. The terms of retail notes and the basis on which the financial services operations acquire retail notes from the sales companies are governed by agreements with the sales companies. The financial services segment also finances and services revolving charge accounts, in most cases acquired from and offered through merchants in the agriculture and turf and construction and forestry markets (revolving charge accounts). Additionally, the financial services operations provide wholesale financing to dealers of John Deere agriculture and turf equipment and construction and forestry equipment (wholesale notes), primarily to finance inventories of equipment for those dealers. The various financing options offered by the financial services operations are designed to enhance sales of John Deere products and generate financing income for the financial services operations. In the U.S. and Canada, certain subsidiaries included in the financial services segment offer extended equipment warranties. Retail notes acquired by the sales companies are immediately sold to the financial services operations. The equipment operations are the financial services operations major source of business, although many retail purchasers of John Deere products finance their purchases outside the John Deere organization through a variety of sources, including commercial banks and finance and leasing companies. The financial services operations offer retail leases to equipment users in the U.S. A small number of leases are executed with units of local governments. Leases are usually written for periods ranging from less than one year to seven years, and typically contain an option permitting the customer to purchase the equipment at the end of the lease term. Retail leases are also offered in a generally similar manner to customers in Canada through John Deere Financial Inc. and John Deere Canada ULC. The financial services operations terms for financing equipment retail sales (other than smaller items financed with unsecured revolving charge accounts) generally provide for retention of a security interest in the equipment financed. The financial services operations guidelines for minimum down payments, which vary with the types of equipment financed and repayment provisions, generally range from 0 percent to 20 percent of the purchase price. Finance charges are sometimes waived for specified periods or 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 reduced on certain John Deere products sold or leased in advance of the season of use or in other sales promotions. The financial services operations generally receive compensation from the sales companies at approximate market interest rates for periods during which finance charges are waived or reduced on the retail notes or leases. The cost is accounted for as a deduction in arriving at net sales by the equipment operations. The Company has an agreement with Capital Corporation to make payments to Capital Corporation such that its consolidated ratio of earnings to fixed charges is not less than 1.05 to 1 for any fiscal quarter. The Company has also committed to continuing to own, directly or through one or more wholly-owned subsidiaries, at least 51 percent of the voting shares of capital stock of Capital Corporation and to maintain Capital Corporation s consolidated tangible net worth at not less than 50 million. The Company s obligations to make payments to Capital Corporation under the agreement are independent of whether Capital Corporation is in default on its indebtedness, obligations, or other liabilities. Further, the Company s obligations under the agreement are not measured by the amount of Capital Corporation s indebtedness, obligations, or other liabilities. The Company s obligations to make payments under this agreement are expressly stated not to be a guaranty of any specific indebtedness, obligation, or liability of Capital Corporation and are enforceable only by or in the name of Capital Corporation. The Company was in compliance with all of its obligations under this agreement as of October 31, 2021, and no payments were required under this agreement in fiscal 2021 or 2020. At October 31, 2021, the Company indirectly owned 100 percent of the voting shares of Capital Corporation s capital stock and Capital Corporation s consolidated tangible net worth was 4,524 million. Outside the U.S. and Canada . The financial services operations also offer financing, primarily for John Deere products, in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, China, India, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, Thailand, and in several other countries in Africa, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. In certain markets, financing is offered through cooperation agreements or joint ventures with other financial institutions. The manner in which the financial services operations offer financing in these countries is affected by a variety of country-specific laws, regulations, and customs, including those governing property rights and debtor obligations, that are subject to change and that may introduce greater risk to the financial services operations. The financial services operations also offer to select customers and dealers credit enhanced international export financing primarily for the purchase of John Deere products. Additional information on the financial services operations appears on pages 27 30 and 34. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS John Deere is subject to a wide variety of local, state, and federal environmental laws and regulations in the U.S., as well as the environmental laws and regulations of other countries in which John Deere conducts business. John Deere strives to comply with applicable laws and regulations. Failure to comply with these regulations, however, could lead to fines and other penalties. John Deere is involved in the evaluation and clean-up of a limited number of sites but does not expect that these matters or other expenses or liabilities John Deere may incur in connection with any noncompliance with environmental laws or regulations or the cleanup of any additional properties will have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or competitive position. With respect to properties and businesses that have been or will be acquired, John Deere conducts due diligence into potential exposure to environmental liabilities, but cannot be certain that it has identified or will identify all adverse environmental conditions. Compliance with these laws and regulations has added, and will continue to add, to the cost of John Deere s products. The Company does not expect to incur material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities during fiscal 2022. The European Union s Stage V Regulation, parts of which became effective in 2019 and 2020, applies to non-road diesel engines across various power categories for machines used in construction, agriculture, material handling, industrial use, and generator applications. Governmental agencies throughout the world are enacting similar laws to reduce off-road engine emissions, including India s Bharat Stage IV Regulation that became effective in 2021. These standards continue the reduction of particulate and NOx emissions. John Deere has achieved and plans to continue to achieve compliance with these regulations through significant investments in the development of new engine technologies and after-treatment systems. Compliance with emissions regulations has added and will continue to add to the cost of John Deere s products. Governments are also implementing laws regulating products across their life cycles, including raw material sourcing and the storage, distribution, sale, use, and disposal of products at their end-of-life. These laws and regulations include green chemistry, right-to-know, restriction of hazardous substances, and product take-back laws. GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS John Deere is subject to a wide variety of local, state, and federal laws and regulations in the countries where it conducts business. Compliance with these laws and regulations often requires the dedication of time and effort of employees, as well as financial resources. In fiscal 2021, compliance with the regulations applicable to John Deere did not have a material effect on John Deere s capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. The Company does not expect to incur material capital expenditures related to 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 compliance with regulations during fiscal year 2022. Additional information about the impact of government regulations on John Deere s business is included in Item 1A, Risk Factors under the headings Geopolitical Uncertainties; Data Security and Privacy Risks; Environmental, Climate, and Weather Risks; and Legal and Regulatory Risks. HUMAN CAPITAL Higher Purpose John Deere s employees, its human capital, are guided by the Company s higher purpose: We run so life can leap forward . Employees are further guided by the Company s code of business conduct (Code), which helps them to uphold and strengthen the standards of honor and integrity that have defined John Deere since its founding. Our world and business may change, but our core values integrity, quality, commitment, and innovation are a constant in everything we do. Our values have shaped and guided our vision since 1837. Employees At October 31, 2021, John Deere had approximately 75,600 employees, including approximately 29,000 employees in the U.S. and Canada. John Deere also retains consultants, independent contractors, and temporary and part-time workers. Unions are certified as bargaining agents for approximately 83 percent of John Deere s U.S. production and maintenance employees. Approximately 10,500 of John Deere s active U.S. production and maintenance workers are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America (UAW), with an expiration date of November 1, 2027. A small number of U.S. production employees are represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM). Collective bargaining agreements covering John Deere s employees in the U.S., other than the agreement with the UAW, expire between 2022 and 2027. Unions also represent the majority of employees at John Deere manufacturing facilities outside the U.S. There is no guarantee that John Deere will be able to renew collective bargaining agreements or whether such agreements will be on terms satisfactory to John Deere. For further discussion, see Risk Factors-Human Capital Risks- Disputes with labor unions have adversely affected John Deere s ability to operate its facilities as well as its financial results . Code of Business Conduct John Deere is committed to conducting business in accordance with the highest ethical standards. This means how we conduct ourselves and our global work is more than just a matter of policy and law; it s a reflection of our core values. The Code, refreshed in 2021, provides specific guidance to all John Deere employees, outlining how they can and must uphold and strengthen the integrity that has defined John Deere since its founding. All employees must complete Code training and, where permitted by law, must also certify each year that they will comply with the Code. The Company maintains a global compliance hotline to allow for concerns to be brought forward. Health and Safety John Deere strives to achieve safety excellence through increased focus on leading indicators, risk reduction, health and safety management systems, and prevention. John Deere utilizes a safety balanced scorecard, which includes leading and lagging indicators and is designed to enable continuous measurement of safety performance and drive continuous improvement. Leading indicators include injury/illness corrective action closure rates, near-miss corrective action closure rates, and risk reduction from safety and ergonomic risk assessment projects. Lagging indicators include total recordable incident rate, ergonomic recordable case rate, and near-miss rate. Leading indicators are tracked by most of John Deere s manufacturing facilities and internally reported. John Deere reported a total recordable incident rate of 1.99 and a lost time frequency rate of .78 in fiscal 2021. John Deere has taken and continues to take extraordinary measures to protect its workforce in response to COVID. Safety protocols continue to be in place for employees who are required to work onsite, including divider screens and enhanced cleaning and sanitation. Where possible, John Deere has supported flexible work arrangements for employees throughout the pandemic, including by deploying new technologies to strengthen virtual connectivity. John Deere also provided financial support for employees who struggled to provide childcare during the pandemic. John Deere continues to strive to be agile in addressing employee needs in the quickly evolving environment while also being transparent across the workforce. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) In order to ensure that each of our employees can bring their full selves to work, John Deere strives to foster a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace where all voices are heard and included. John Deere continues to champion policies, practices, and behaviors that amplify innovation on behalf of people, community, and planet. Diversity, equity, and inclusion are critical to John Deere s success as an organization. Incorporating DEI into our business practices enhances innovation and enables our best talent to thrive in an environment where diverse perspectives are celebrated. This requires deliberate intention and action on the part of every employee 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 and leader. We will continue to push forward on the path to a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture with our colleagues, customers, suppliers, and distribution channels. In doing so, experience tells us we will be more engaged, innovative, and successful. John Deere leadership sets a consistent and transparent tone on diversity and inclusion. Leadership training focuses on building an inclusive environment and driving positive behavioral change. To help managers with development and team building, we measure inclusiveness as part of our employee experience survey. We are working to further weave DEI into all aspects of how we lead and do business. In addition to regional councils, we have formed a global diversity and inclusion council with senior leaders who own our DEI journey. This journey is a collective effort that involves every level of our organization. As part of the annual sustainability report available on our website, John Deere has publicly disclosed the number of women and minorities in leadership positions and continues to launch initiatives to increase representation of minorities in the workforce. John Deere proudly partners with several professional organizations to support our diversity recruitment strategy, including the National Black MBA Association, Inc., the Society of Women Engineers, the Thurgood Marshall College Fund Leadership Institute, the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers, and Minorities in Agriculture, Natural Resources, and Related Sciences. Our Company-sponsored employee resource groups (ERGs) are employee-run organizations formed around a common dimension of diversity, interest, or experience that affects the workplace. ERGs bring together individuals with shared interests while serving as resources to our business. The efforts of our ERGs address three key focus areas employee development, community involvement, and business alignment. John Deere has 12 ERGs with more than 7,500 employees engaged globally. Compensation Benefits To attract and retain talent, John Deere offers competitive compensation and non-financial benefits everywhere we operate. These benefits are tailored to the markets in which our employees are located. The non-compensation benefits we offer focus on all aspects of employee well-being, including physical, social, community, and career. We conduct regular surveys of the market rates for jobs to ensure our compensation is competitive. We offer a variety of working arrangements, including flexible schedules, telecommuting, and job sharing, to help employees manage home and work-life situations. Training and Development John Deere provides training and development opportunities for employees at all stages of their careers to empower them to reach their full potential. Employees are critical to the long-term success of John Deere s business. We encourage employees to identify the paths that can build the skills, experience, knowledge, and competencies needed for career advancement. John Deere supports employees by creating purpose-driven work opportunities, comprehensive performance reviews and development plans, mentoring opportunities, and professional and personal development opportunities. John Deere provided approximately 19.5 training hours per full time equivalent administrative/professional employee globally in fiscal 2021. John Deere s training programs, which are tailored to different geographic regions and job functions, include among other topics technical operation of equipment, equipment assembly, relationships with customers and dealers, John Deere s culture and values, compliance with the Code, compliance with anti-bribery/corruption laws and policies, compliance with management of private data and cybersecurity, conflicts of interest, discrimination and workplace harassment policies, and sexual harassment policies. Human Rights John Deere honors human rights and respects the individual dignity of all persons globally. Our commitment to human rights requires that we understand and carry out our responsibilities consistent with Company values and practices. We strive to ensure that human rights are upheld for our employees and all workers in our supply chain. Our commitment to human rights is defined in the Code, our supplier code of conduct, our dealer code of conduct, and related policies and practices, which establish clear guidelines for our employees, suppliers, and dealers while helping to inform our business decisions. We do not tolerate human rights abuses, such as forced labor, unlawful child labor, or human trafficking. We are proud to contribute to the places where we work and support the residents of these places. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Following are the names and ages of the executive officers of the Company, their positions with the Company, and summaries of their backgrounds and business experiences. All executive officers are elected or appointed by the Board of Directors and hold office until the annual meeting of the Board of Directors following the annual meeting of stockholders each year. Name, age and office (at December 1, 2021), and year elected to office Principal occupation during last five years other than office of the Company currently held John C. May 52 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 2020 2019 Chief Executive Officer and President, 2019 President and Chief Operating Officer, 2018 2019 President, Worldwide Agriculture Turf Division, Global Harvesting and Turf Platforms, Ag Solutions Americas and Australia, 2012 2018 President, Agricultural Solutions Chief Information Officer Ryan D. Campbell 47 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 2019 2018 Deputy Financial Officer, 2017 Vice President and Comptroller, 2016 Deputy Comptroller Marc A. Howze 58 Group President, Lifecycle Solutions and Chief Administrative Officer 2020 2016 2020 Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, 2012 2016 Vice President, Global Human Resources Employee Communications Mary K.W. Jones 53 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Worldwide Public Affairs 2019 2013 2019 Senior Vice President and General Counsel Rajesh Kalathur 53 President, John Deere Financial, and Chief Information Officer 2019 2018 2019 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Information Officer, 2012 2018 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Cory J. Reed 51 President, Worldwide Agriculture and Turf Division, Production and Precision Ag, Sales and Marketing Regions of the Americas and Australia 2020 2019 2020 President, Worldwide Agriculture Turf Division, Americas and Australia, Global Harvesting and Turf Platforms, Agricultural Solutions, 2016 2019 President, John Deere Financial, 2013 2016 Senior Vice President, Intelligent Solutions Group John H. Stone 51 President, Worldwide Construction and Forestry and Power Systems 2020 2016 2020 Senior Vice President, Intelligent Solutions Group Markwart von Pentz 58 President, Worldwide Agriculture and Turf Division, Small Ag and Turf, Sales and Marketing Regions of Europe, CIS, Asia, and Africa 2020 2019 2020 President, Worldwide Agriculture Turf Division Tractor and Hay Forage, Regions 1 2, and Advanced Engineering, 2018 2019 President, Worldwide Agriculture Turf Division Global Tractor and Hay Forage Platforms, Europe, CIS, Asia, Africa, 2012 2018 President, Agriculture Turf Division-Europe, Asia, Africa, and Global Tractor Platform 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. The following risks are considered material to John Deere s business based upon current knowledge, information, and assumptions. This discussion of risk factors should be considered closely in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations beginning on page 27, including the risks and uncertainties described in the Safe Harbor Statement on pages 37 39, and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page 49. These risk factors and other forward-looking statements that relate to future events, expectations, trends, and operating periods involve certain factors that are subject to change and important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Some of these risks and uncertainties could affect particular lines of business, while others could affect all of the Company s businesses. Although the risks are organized by headings and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. The Company, except as required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise this risk factors discussion, whether as a result of new developments or otherwise. The risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Safe Harbor Statement in this report are not the only risks faced by the Company. Risks Related to the COVID Pandemic The COVID pandemic resulted in additional risks that could materially adversely affect John Deere s business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows. The virus causing COVID was identified in late 2019 and spread globally (COVID pandemic). Efforts to combat the virus have been complicated by viral variants and uneven access to, and acceptance and effectiveness of, vaccines globally. The pandemic resulted in governments and other authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and business closures. These measures have impacted and may continue to impact all or portions of John Deere s workforce and operations and the operations of customers, dealers, and suppliers. Although certain restrictions related to the COVID pandemic have eased, uncertainty continues to exist regarding such measures and potential future measures. Current material and component shortages have limited and could continue to limit John Deere s ability to meet customer demand, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. The COVID pandemic caused a global recession and the sustainability of the economic recovery observed in 2021 remains unclear. The COVID pandemic has also significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty, has caused inflationary pressure in the U.S. and elsewhere, and has led to disruption and volatility in demand for John Deere s products and services, suppliers ability to fill orders, and global capital markets. Economic uncertainties could continue to affect demand for John Deere s products and services, the value of the equipment financed or leased, the demand for financing, and the financial condition and credit risk of John Deere s dealers and customers. Continued uncertainties related to the magnitude, duration, and persistent effects of the COVID pandemic may significantly adversely affect our business and outlook. These uncertainties include, among other things: the duration and impact of the resurgence in COVID cases in any country, state, or region; the emergence, contagiousness, and threat of new and different strains of virus; the availability, acceptance, and effectiveness of vaccines; additional closures or other actions as mandated or otherwise made necessary by governmental authorities, including employee vaccine mandates; disruptions in the supply chain, including those caused by industry capacity constraints, material availability, and global logistics delays and constraints arising from, among other things, the transportation capacity of ocean shipping containers, and a prolonged delay in resumption of operations by one or more key suppliers, or the failure of any key supplier; an increasingly competitive labor market due to a sustained labor shortage or increased turnover caused by the COVID pandemic; John Deere s ability to meet commitments to customers on a timely basis as a result of increased costs and supply and transportation challenges; increased logistics costs; additional operating costs due to continued remote working arrangements, adherence to social distancing guidelines, and other COVID-related challenges; increased risk of cyberattacks on network connections used in remote working arrangements; increased privacy-related risks due to processing health-related personal information; legal claims related to personal protective equipment designed, made, or provided by John Deere or alleged exposure to COVID on John Deere premises; absence of employees due to illness; and the impact of the pandemic on John Deere s customers and dealers. These factors, and others that are currently unknown or considered immaterial, could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial position. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Geopolitical Uncertainties International, national, and regional trade laws, regulations, and policies (particularly those related to or restricting global trade) and government farm programs and policies could significantly impair John Deere s profitability and growth prospects. International, national, and regional laws, regulations, and policies directly or indirectly related to or restricting the import and export of John Deere s products, services, and technology, or those of our customers, including protectionist policies in particular jurisdictions or for the benefit of favored industries or sectors, could harm John Deere s global business. John Deere s profitability and growth prospects are tied directly to the global marketplace. Restricted access to global markets impairs John Deere s ability to export goods and services from its various manufacturing locations around the world and limits the ability to access raw materials and high-quality parts and components at competitive prices on a timely basis. Trade restrictions, including withdrawal from or modification of existing trade agreements, negotiation of new trade agreements, non-tariff trade barriers, local content requirements, and imposition of new or retaliatory tariffs against certain countries or covering certain products, including developments in U.S.-China trade relations, could limit John Deere s ability to capitalize on current and future growth opportunities in international markets and impair John Deere s ability to expand the business by offering new technologies, products, and services. These trade restrictions, and changes in or uncertainty surrounding global trade policies, may affect John Deere s competitive position. Furthermore, market access and the ability to export agricultural and forestry commodities is critical to John Deere s agricultural and forestry customers. Policies impacting exchange rates and commodity prices or those limiting the export or import of commodities could have a material adverse effect on the international flow of agricultural and other commodities that may result in a corresponding negative effect on the demand for agricultural and forestry equipment in many areas of the world. John Deere s agricultural equipment sales could be especially harmed by such policies because farm income strongly influences sales of agricultural equipment around the world. Furthermore, trade restrictions could impede those in developing countries from achieving a higher standard of living, which could negatively impact John Deere s future growth opportunities arising from increasing global demand for food, fuel, and infrastructure. Additionally, changes in government farm programs and policies, including direct payment and other subsidies, can significantly influence demand for agricultural equipment as well as create unequal competition for multinational companies relative to domestic companies. Embargoes, sanctions, and export controls imposed by the U.S. and other governments restricting or prohibiting transactions with certain persons or entities, including financial institutions, to certain countries or regions, or involving certain products, limit the sales of John Deere products. Embargoes, sanctions, and export control laws are changing rapidly for certain geographies, including with respect to China, Russia, Myanmar (Burma), and Belarus. In particular, changing U.S. export controls and sanctions on China, as well as other restrictions affecting transactions involving China and Chinese parties, could affect John Deere s ability to collect receivables, provide aftermarket and warranty support for John Deere equipment, and sell products, and otherwise impact John Deere s reputation and business. Although John Deere has a compliance program in place designed to reduce the likelihood of potential violations of import and export laws and sanctions, violations of these laws or sanctions could harm John Deere s reputation and business, and may subject John Deere to civil and criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on John Deere s results of operations and financial condition. Greater political, economic, and social uncertainty and the evolving globalization of businesses could significantly change the dynamics of John Deere s competition, customer base, and product offerings and impact John Deere s growth opportunities globally. John Deere s efforts to grow its businesses depend in part upon access to additional geographic markets, including, but not limited to, Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Russia, and South Africa, and its success in developing market share and operating profitably in such markets. In some cases, these countries have greater political and economic volatility, greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions, and differing local customer product preferences and requirements than John Deere s other markets. Negative market conditions resulting from economic and political uncertainties in these and other countries could reduce customer confidence, resulting in declines in demand and increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could affect write-offs and provisions for credit losses. Operating and seeking to expand business in a number of different regions and countries exposes John Deere to multiple and potentially conflicting cultural practices, business practices, and legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to change and are often complex and difficult to navigate, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, property ownership rights, taxation, sanctions and export control requirements, repatriation of earnings, and advanced technologies. Expanding business operations globally also increases exposure to currency fluctuations, which can materially affect the Company s financial results. While John Deere maintains a positive corporate image and its brands are widely recognized and valued in its traditional markets, the brands are less well known in some emerging markets, which could impede John Deere s efforts to successfully compete in these markets. Although John Deere is taking measures to adapt to these changing circumstances, John Deere s reputation and/or business results could be negatively affected should these efforts prove unsuccessful. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Uncertain Economic Conditions Negative economic conditions and outlook can materially weaken demand for John Deere s equipment and services, limit access to funding, and result in higher funding costs. The demand for John Deere s products and services can be significantly reduced in an economic environment characterized by high unemployment, cautious consumer spending, lower corporate earnings, U.S. budget issues, and lower business investment. Negative or uncertain economic conditions that cause John Deere s customers to lack confidence in the general economic outlook can significantly reduce their likelihood of purchasing John Deere s equipment. As discussed under Risks Related to the COVID Pandemic The COVID pandemic resulted in additional risks that could materially adversely affect John Deere s business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows , the COVID pandemic caused a global recession and significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty. Sustained negative economic conditions and outlook affect housing starts, energy demand, and other construction, which dampens demand for certain construction equipment. John Deere s turf operations and its construction and forestry business are dependent on construction activity and general economic conditions. Decreases in construction activity and housing starts could have a material adverse effect on John Deere s results of operations. If negative economic conditions affect the overall farm economy, there could be a similar effect on John Deere s agricultural equipment sales. In addition, uncertain or negative outlook with respect to pervasive U.S. fiscal issues as well as general economic conditions and outlook can cause significant changes in market liquidity conditions. Such changes could impact access to funding and associated funding costs, which could reduce the Company s earnings and cash flows. Additionally, the Company s investment management activities could be adversely affected by changes in the equity and bond markets, which would negatively affect earnings. In addition, demand for John Deere s products and services can be significantly reduced by concerns regarding the diverse economic and political circumstances of the individual countries in the eurozone, the debt burden of certain eurozone countries and their ability to meet future financial obligations, the risk that one or more other European Union countries could come under increasing pressure to leave the European Union, or the long term stability of the euro as a single common currency. Persistent disparity with respect to the widely varying economic conditions within the individual countries in the eurozone, and its implications for the euro as well as market perceptions concerning these and related issues, could adversely affect the value of John Deere s euro-denominated assets and obligations, have an adverse effect on demand for John Deere s products and services in the eurozone, and have an adverse effect on financial markets in Europe and globally. More specifically, it could affect the ability of John Deere s customers, suppliers, and lenders to finance their respective businesses and access liquidity at acceptable financing costs, if at all, as well as the availability of supplies and materials and the demand for John Deere s products. Financial Risks Changes in government banking, monetary, and fiscal policies could have a negative effect on John Deere. Policies of the U.S. and other governments regarding banking, monetary, and fiscal policies intended to promote or maintain liquidity, stabilize financial markets, and/or address local deficit or structural economic issues may not be effective and could have a material impact on John Deere s customers and markets. Failure of the U.S. federal government to pass a 2022 budget resolution could lead to a U.S. default under its sovereign debt, the consequences of which could have significant and unpredictable effects on global financial markets, which could in turn negatively affect John Deere s operating results, cash flows, and financial condition. John Deere s operations and results could also be affected by financial regulatory reform that could have an adverse effect on the financial services segment and on John Deere s customers by limiting their ability to enter into hedging transactions or to finance purchases of John Deere products. Government policies on spending can also affect John Deere, especially the construction and forestry segment, due to the impact of government spending on infrastructure development. John Deere s operations, including those outside of the United States, may also be affected by non-U.S. regulatory reforms being implemented to further regulate non-U.S. financial institutions and markets. Changes in tax rates, tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities could have a negative effect on John Deere. John Deere is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. John Deere s domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. Tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. John Deere s effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretations. If John Deere s effective tax rates were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of its taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, John Deere s operating results, cash flows, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 The Company s consolidated financial results are reported in U.S. dollars while certain assets and other reported items are denominated in the currencies of other countries, creating currency exchange and translation risk. John Deere operates in many areas of the world, involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. John Deere is subject to currency exchange risk to the extent that its costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which John Deere earns revenues. Additionally, the reporting currency for the Company s consolidated financial statements is the U.S. dollar. Certain of John Deere s assets, liabilities, expenses, and revenues are denominated in other countries currencies. Those assets, liabilities, expenses, and revenues are translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rates to prepare the Company s consolidated financial statements. Therefore, increases or decreases in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and those other currencies affect the value of those items as reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements, even if their value remains unchanged in their original currencies. Substantial fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar could have a significant impact on John Deere s results. Because the financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of John Deere s sales worldwide, negative economic conditions in the financial industry could materially impact John Deere s operations and financial results. Negative economic conditions can have an adverse effect on the financial industry in which the financial services segment operates. The financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of John Deere s sales worldwide. The financial services segment is exposed to the risk that customers and others will default on contractual obligations and may experience credit losses that exceed its expectations and adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. The financial services segment s inability to access funds at cost-effective rates to support its financing activities could have a material adverse effect on John Deere s business. The financial services segment s liquidity and ongoing profitability depend largely on timely access to capital in order to meet future cash flow requirements and to fund operations and costs associated with engaging in diversified funding activities. Additionally, negative market conditions could reduce customer confidence levels, resulting in declines in credit applications and increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could materially impact the financial services segment s write-offs and provision for credit losses. The financial services segment may also experience residual value losses that exceed its expectations caused by lower pricing for used equipment and higher-than-expected equipment returns at lease maturity. Because John Deere s equipment operations and financial services segment are subject to interest rate risks, changes in interest rates can reduce demand for equipment, adversely affect interest margins, and limit access to capital markets while increasing borrowing costs. Rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity and/or the financial condition of John Deere s customers, either or both of which could negatively affect customer demand for John Deere equipment and customers ability to repay obligations to John Deere. In addition, credit market dislocations could have an impact on funding costs, which are very important to the financial services segment because such costs affect the segment s ability to offer customers competitive financing rates. While the Company strives to match the interest rate characteristics of its financial assets and liabilities, changing interest rates could have an adverse effect on the Company s net interest rate margin the difference between the yield the Company earns on its assets and the interest rates the Company pays for funding, which could in turn affect the Company s net interest income and earnings. Actions by credit rating agencies, such as downgrades or negative changes to ratings outlooks, can affect the availability and cost of funding for the Company and can increase the Company s cost of capital and hurt its competitive position. The transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and the adoption of alternative reference rates could adversely affect John Deere s business and results of operations. John Deere is exposed to LIBOR-based financial instruments, primarily relating to debt, derivative, and receivables transactions, that have been entered into previously and remain outstanding. The LIBOR benchmark has been subject of national, international, and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. In July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced its intention to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for calculation of LIBOR after 2021. In November 2020, the Intercontinental Exchange announced its intention to cease publication of certain LIBOR settings by the end of 2021 while continuing to publish overnight and one-, three-, six-, and twelve-month U.S. dollar LIBOR rates through June 30, 2023. However, in early 2021, the United States Federal Reserve Board and other regulatory bodies issued guidance encouraging banks and other financial market participants to cease entering into new contracts that use U.S. dollar LIBOR as a reference rate as soon as practicable and in any event no later than December 31, 2021. These actions may cause LIBOR to perform differently than in the past and LIBOR will likely ultimately cease to exist. To facilitate an orderly transition from LIBOR to alternative benchmark rate(s), John Deere has established an initiative led by internal subject matter experts to assess and mitigate risks associated with the discontinuation of LIBOR. As part of this initiative, several alternative benchmark rates have been, and continue to be, evaluated. At this time, however, the effects of the phase out of LIBOR and the adoption of alternative benchmark rates have not been fully determined. Any new benchmark rate will likely not replicate 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 LIBOR exactly, which could affect John Deere s contracts that mature after a LIBOR cessation date. In addition, there is uncertainty about how applicable laws, the courts, or John Deere will address the replacement of LIBOR with alternative rates on variable rate contracts that do not include, or contain unclear, alternative rate fallback provisions. A failure to properly transition away from LIBOR could expose John Deere to various financial, operational, and regulatory risks, which could affect its results of operations and cash flows. Uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes may also adversely affect the trading market for the Company s securities. Sustained increases in funding obligations under the Company s pension plans may impair the Company s liquidity or financial condition. The Company maintains certain defined benefit pension plans for certain employees, which impose funding obligations. The Company uses many assumptions in calculating its future payment obligations under these plans. Significant adverse changes in credit or market conditions could result in actual rates of return on pension investments being lower than expected. The Company may be required to make significant contributions to its pension plans in the future. These factors could significantly increase the Company s payment obligations under the plans and adversely affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition. Market Conditions John Deere s ability to adapt in highly competitive markets could affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition. John Deere operates in a variety of highly competitive global and regional markets. John Deere competes worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. John Deere competes on the basis of product performance, innovation and quality, distribution, customer service, and price. Aggressive pricing or other strategies pursued by competitors, unanticipated product or manufacturing delays, or John Deere s failure to price its products competitively could adversely affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition. John Deere s ability to understand its customers specific preferences and requirements, and to develop, manufacture, and market products that meet customer demand, could significantly affect its business results. John Deere s ability to match new product offerings to diverse global customers anticipated preferences for different types and sizes of equipment and various equipment features and functionality, at affordable prices, is critical to its success. This requires a thorough understanding of John Deere s existing and potential customers on a global basis, particularly in growth markets such as Argentina, Brazil, and India. Failure to deliver quality products that meet customer needs at competitive prices ahead of competitors could have a significant adverse effect on John Deere s business. Changing worldwide demand for food and different forms of bio-energy could affect the price of farm commodities and consequently the demand for certain John Deere equipment and could also result in higher research and development costs related to changing machine fuel requirements. Changing worldwide demand for farm outputs to meet the world s growing food and bio-energy demands, driven in part by government policies, including those related to climate change, and a growing world population, are likely to result in fluctuating agricultural commodity prices, which directly affect sales of agricultural equipment. Lower agricultural commodity prices directly affect farm incomes, which could negatively affect sales of agricultural equipment and result in higher credit losses. While higher commodity prices benefit John Deere s crop-producing agricultural equipment customers, higher commodity prices also could result in greater feed costs for livestock and poultry producers, which in turn may result in lower levels of equipment purchased by these customers. Furthermore, changing bio-energy demands may cause farmers to change the types or quantities of the crops they raise, with corresponding changes in equipment demands. Finally, changes in governmental policies regulating bio-fuel utilization could affect commodity demand and commodity prices, demand for John Deere s diesel-fueled equipment, and result in higher research and development costs related to equipment fuel standards. Manufacturing and Operations Changes in the availability and price of certain raw materials, components, and whole goods could result in significant disruptions to the supply chain, production disruptions, and increased costs and lower profits on sales of John Deere products. John Deere requires access to various raw materials, components, and whole goods at competitive prices to manufacture and distribute its products. Changes in the availability and prices of these raw materials, components, and whole goods, which have fluctuated significantly in the past and are more likely to fluctuate during times of economic volatility, regulatory instability, or change in import tariffs or trade agreements, can significantly increase the costs of production, which could have a material negative effect on the profitability of the business, particularly if John Deere, due to pricing considerations or other factors, is unable to recover the increased costs from its customers. Significant disruptions to the supply chain resulting from shortages of raw materials, components, 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 and whole goods can adversely affect John Deere s ability to meet commitments to customers. John Deere relies on suppliers to acquire raw materials, components, and whole goods required to manufacture its products. Certain components and parts used in John Deere s products are available from a single supplier and cannot be alternatively sourced quickly. As discussed under Item 1, Construction and Forestry, the Company agreed to voluntarily terminate its joint venture agreement with Hitachi in a transaction that is expected to close in the first half of fiscal 2022. In connection with this termination, John Deere Construction Forestry Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has entered into a supply agreement with Hitachi pursuant to which Hitachi will continue to provide John Deere-branded excavators, components, and service parts. Any delay or failure by Hitachi to deliver these supplies, or failure by Hitachi to produce such supplies in a manner that meets John Deere s quality and quantity requirements, could adversely affect John Deere s business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition or its ability to meet commitments to its customers. In 2020, the COVID pandemic caused a significant reduction in global demand for goods, resulting in widespread cuts in manufacturing capacity and the displacement of workers. As economies around the world have reopened in 2021, sharp increases in demand have created significant disruptions to the global supply chain, which have affected John Deere s ability to receive goods on a timely basis and at anticipated costs. These supply chain disruptions have been caused and compounded by many factors, including changes in supply and demand, industry capacity constraints, weather conditions, natural disasters, business continuity, labor shortages, the COVID pandemic, geopolitical tensions, and trade conflicts. Global logistics network challenges include shortages of shipping containers, ocean freight capacity constraints, international port delays, trucking and chassis shortages, railway and air freight capacity, and labor availability constraints, which have resulted in delays, shortages of key manufacturing components, increased order backlogs, and increased transportation costs. John Deere actively monitors and mitigates supply chain risk, but there can be no assurance that our mitigation plans will be effective to prevent disruptions that may arise from shortages of materials that we use in the production of our products. Uncertainties related to the magnitude and duration of global supply chain disruptions have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, John Deere s business and outlook. Supply chain disruptions due to pandemic events, including the COVID pandemic, supplier financial distress, capacity constraints, trade barriers, labor shortages, business continuity, quality, cyberattacks, energy supply, delivery issues, or disruptions due to weather-related events or natural disasters could affect John Deere s operations and profitability. Data Security and Privacy Risks Security breaches and other disruptions to John Deere s information technology infrastructure could interfere with John Deere s operations and could compromise the information of John Deere as well as its customers, suppliers, and/or dealers, exposing John Deere to liability that could cause John Deere s business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of business, John Deere relies upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing, and collection of payments from dealers and other purchasers of John Deere equipment and from customers of the financial services segment. John Deere uses information technology systems to record, process, and summarize financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal, and tax requirements. Additionally, John Deere collects and stores sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, and the proprietary business information of John Deere s customers, suppliers, and dealers, as well as personally identifiable information of John Deere s customers and employees, in data centers, which are often owned by third parties, and on information technology networks. The secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to John Deere s business operations and strategy. Despite security measures, including a vulnerability disclosure program, and business continuity plans, John Deere s information technology networks and infrastructure have been and may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals or breaches due to employee, supplier, or dealer error or malfeasance or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events. Although John Deere has not suffered any significant cyber incidents that resulted in material business impact, we have from time to time been the target of malicious cyber threat actors. The occurrence of any significant event could compromise John Deere s networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disruption to John Deere s operations, and damage John Deere s reputation, which could adversely affect John Deere s business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, as security threats continue to evolve and increase in frequency and sophistication, John Deere may need to invest additional resources to protect the security of its systems. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 John Deere is subject to governmental laws, regulations, and other legal obligations related to privacy and data protection and any inability or perceived inability of John Deere to address these requirements could adversely affect our business. The legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. John Deere collects personal information and other data as integral parts of its business processes and activities. This data is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including oversight by various regulatory and other governmental bodies. Many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the European Union, China, Canada, and other relevant jurisdictions where John Deere conducts business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of personal information and other data obtained from their residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdictions. The European Union General Data Protection Regulation, the California Consumer Privacy Act, and the China Personal Information Protection Law, among others, impose stringent data protection requirements and provide significant penalties for noncompliance. New privacy laws will continue to come into effect around the world in the future. Any inability or perceived inability to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations (including at newly acquired companies) could result in additional cost and liability to the Company or Company officials, damage our reputation, inhibit sales, and otherwise adversely affect our business . Security breaches with respect to John Deere s products could interfere with the business of John Deere, its dealers, and/or customers, exposing John Deere to liability that would cause its business and reputation to suffer. Some of John Deere s products include connectivity hardware typically used for remote system updates. While John Deere has implemented security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to its products, malicious actors have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized access to such products through such connectivity hardware in order to gain control of the products, change the products functionality, user interface, or performance characteristics, or gain access to data stored in or generated by the products. Any unauthorized access to or control of John Deere products or systems or any loss of data could result in legal claims against John Deere or government investigations. In addition, reports of unauthorized access to John Deere s products, systems, and data, regardless of their veracity, may result in the perception that the products, systems, or data are capable of being hacked, which could harm John Deere s brand, prospects, and operating results. John Deere has been the subject of such reports in the past. Intellectual Property Risks The potential loss of John Deere intellectual property through trade secret theft, infringement of patents, trademark counterfeiting, or other loss of rights to exclusive use of John Deere intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on the Company. Infringement of the intellectual property rights of others by John Deere could also have a material adverse effect on the Company. John Deere relies on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, and confidentiality agreements to protect its intellectual property rights. In particular, John Deere heavily relies on certain trademarks that contribute to John Deere s identity and the recognition of its products and services, including but not limited to the John Deere mark, the leaping deer logo, the Nothing Runs Like a Deere slogan, the prefix JD associated with many products, and the green and yellow equipment colors. These trademarks, as well as the many patents used in our products, are integral to the John Deere business, and their loss could have a material adverse effect on the Company. Additionally, third parties may initiate litigation to challenge the validity of John Deere s patents or allege that John Deere infringes their patents. John Deere may incur substantial costs if its competitors or other third parties initiate such litigation, or if John Deere initiates any proceedings to protect its proprietary rights. If the outcome of any such litigation is unfavorable to John Deere, our business could be adversely affected. Similarly, disputes may arise regarding whether John Deere s products or technologies infringe the proprietary rights of others. Any such infringement could cause third parties, including our competitors, to bring claims against John Deere, resulting in significant costs, possible damages, and substantial uncertainty. Human Capital Risks John Deere s ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees could affect its ability to execute its strategy. John Deere s continued success depends, in part, on its ability to identify and attract qualified candidates with the requisite education, background, and experience as well as its ability to develop, engage, and retain qualified employees. Failure to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees, whether as a result of an insufficient number of qualified applicants, difficulty in recruiting new employees, or inadequate resources to train, integrate, and retain qualified employees, could impair John Deere s ability to execute its business strategy, and could adversely affect John Deere s business. In addition, while John Deere strives to reduce the impact of the departure of employees, John Deere s operations or ability to execute its business strategy and meet its business objectives may be affected by the loss of employees, particularly when departures involve larger numbers of employees, such as those John Deere could experience if a surge occurs in the number of employees voluntarily leaving their jobs similar to that experienced by 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 other employers and industries since 2020. Higher rates of employee separations may adversely affect John Deere through decreased employee morale, the loss of knowledge of departing employees, and the devotion of resources to recruiting and onboarding new employees. Disputes with labor unions have adversely affected John Deere s ability to operate its facilities as well as its financial results. Many of John Deere s production and maintenance employees are represented by labor unions under various collective bargaining agreements with different expiration dates. The failure of John Deere to successfully renegotiate labor agreements as they expire has from time to time led, and could in the future lead, to work stoppages or other disputes with labor unions. Disruptions to John Deere s manufacturing and parts-distribution facilities, through various forms of labor disputes, adversely affect the Company. On October 14, 2021, after employees represented by the UAW failed to approve a new collective bargaining agreement between John Deere and the UAW, the UAW initiated a labor strike affecting more than 10,000 workers at 14 John Deere facilities across the U.S., which adversely affected John Deere s operations in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. The strike ended after a new collective bargaining agreement was approved on November 17, 2021. The UAW strike is expected to have an adverse effect on John Deere s results of operations for the three months ending January 30, 2022 as a result of reduced production and shipments. Any strike, work stoppage, or other dispute with a labor union distracts management from operating the business, may displace employees from ordinary job positions to fill in vacant positions, may affect John Deere s reputation, and could materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition. Environmental, Climate, and Weather Risks Unfavorable weather conditions or natural calamities that reduce agricultural production and demand for agriculture and turf equipment could directly and indirectly affect John Deere s business. Poor or unusual weather conditions, particularly during the planting and early growing season, can significantly affect the purchasing decisions of John Deere s customers, particularly the purchasers of agriculture and turf equipment. The timing and quantity of rainfall are two of the most important factors in agricultural production. Insufficient levels of rain prevent farmers from planting new crops and may cause growing crops to die or result in lower yields. Excessive rain or flooding can prevent planting from occurring at optimal times and may cause crop loss through increased disease or mold growth. Temperatures outside normal ranges can also cause crop failure or decreased yields and may also affect disease incidence. Temperature affects the rate of growth, maturity, and quality of crops. Natural calamities such as regional floods, hurricanes or other storms, droughts, diseases, and pests can have significant negative effects on agricultural and livestock production. The resulting negative impact on farm income can strongly affect demand for agricultural equipment and the financial condition and credit risk of John Deere s dealers and customers. Adverse weather conditions in a particular geographic region, particularly during the important spring selling season, may adversely affect sales of some turf equipment. Drought conditions can adversely affect sales of certain mowing equipment and unusually rainy weather can similarly cause lower sales volumes. Increasingly rigorous environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations of federal, state, and local authorities in the U.S. and various regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions apply to John Deere s operations, suppliers, and customers, and enforcement actions or civil litigation related to those requirements could adversely affect John Deere s business results. Enforcement actions arising from violations of environmental, health, and safety laws or regulations can lead to investigations and legal costs and result in significant fines or penalties. In addition, new or more stringent requirements of governmental authorities, including with respect to disclosure relating to climate change risks, could prevent or restrict John Deere s operations or those of our suppliers and customers, require significant expenditures to achieve compliance, and/or give rise to civil or criminal liability. Further, civil litigation on these subjects continues to increase, primarily in the U.S. There can be no assurance that violations of such laws and/or regulations, civil claims for damages to property or personal injury arising from the environmental, health, or safety impacts of John Deere s operations or those of our suppliers and customers, or other civil claims in which John Deere becomes a party, would not have consequences that result in a material adverse effect on John Deere s business, results of operations, or financial condition. Increasingly stringent engine emission regulations or bans on internal combustion engines could impact John Deere s ability to manufacture and distribute certain engines or equipment, which could negatively affect business results. John Deere s equipment operations must meet increasingly stringent engine emission reduction regulations throughout the world, including the European Union s Stage V standard. In addition, governmental agencies throughout the world are enacting more stringent laws and regulations to reduce off-road engine emissions. These laws and regulations are applicable to engines manufactured by John Deere, including those used in John Deere agriculture and construction and forestry equipment. John Deere has incurred and continues to incur substantial research and development costs related to the implementation of these more rigorous laws and regulations. While John Deere has developed and is executing comprehensive plans to meet these requirements, these plans are subject to many variables that could delay or otherwise affect John Deere s ability to manufacture and distribute certain equipment or 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 engines, which could negatively impact business results. Additionally, in certain locations governments have banned or may in the future ban internal combustion engines for some types of products completely. To the extent these bans affect products manufactured and sold by John Deere, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be negatively affected. Governmental actions designed to address climate change and the emergence of new technologies and business models in connection with the transition to a lower-carbon economy could adversely affect John Deere and its customers. The physical effects attributed to climate change could further impact John Deere s facilities, suppliers, and customers. There is global scientific consensus that emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG) continue to alter the composition of Earth s atmosphere in ways that are affecting and are expected to continue to affect the global climate. These considerations may lead to new international, national, regional, or local legislative or regulatory responses. Various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders, and non-governmental organizations, as well as companies in many business sectors, including John Deere, are continuing to look for ways to reduce GHG emissions. The regulation of GHG emissions from certain stationary or mobile sources or the imposition of carbon pricing mechanisms could result in additional costs to John Deere in the form of taxes or emission allowances, facilities improvements, and energy costs, which would increase John Deere s operating costs through higher utility, transportation, and materials costs. Increased input costs, such as fuel and fertilizer, and compliance-related costs could also affect customer operations and demand for John Deere equipment. Because the impact of any future climate change-related legislative, regulatory, or product standard requirements on John Deere s global businesses and products is dependent on the timing and design of mandates or standards, John Deere is unable to predict their potential impact at this time. Customer preferences in the markets served by John Deere could change as these markets transition to less carbon-intensive business models. Demand for electric agricultural, turf, and construction equipment could rise. The development of alternative farming techniques, carbon sequestration technologies, and new low-carbon biofuels could change farmers business models and equipment needs. If John Deere fails to properly develop or invest in new technologies to meet changing customer demands, John Deere will be at risk of losing potential sources of revenue, which could affect the Company s future financial results. The potential physical impacts of climate change on John Deere s facilities, suppliers, and customers and therefore on John Deere s operations are highly uncertain and will be particular to the circumstances developing in various geographic regions. These may include extreme weather events and long-term changes in temperature levels and water availability. These potential physical effects may adversely affect the demand for John Deere s products and the cost, production, sales, and financial performance of John Deere s operations. Legal and Regulatory Risks John Deere s global operations are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations, the violation of which could expose John Deere to potential liabilities, increased costs, and other adverse effects. John Deere s global operations are subject to numerous international, federal, state, and local laws and regulations, many of which are complex, frequently changing, and subject to varying interpretations. These laws and regulations cover a broad spectrum of subject areas, including advertising; anti money laundering; antitrust; consumer finance; environmental, health, and safety, including proper handling of electronic waste, recycling, and climate change; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; foreign ownership and investment; import/export and trade; human rights, labor, and employment; product liability; and telematics and data privacy and connectivity. These laws may vary substantially within the different markets in which John Deere operates. Compliance with these laws and regulations is costly and may further increase the cost of conducting John Deere s global operations. In addition, John Deere must comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and all applicable foreign anti-corruption laws, including the U.K. Bribery Act, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or providing anything of value to improperly influence government officials or private individuals for the purpose of obtaining or retaining a business advantage, regardless of whether those practices are legal or culturally expected in a particular jurisdiction. Although John Deere has a compliance program in place designed to reduce the likelihood of potential violations of such laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that John Deere s employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or John Deere s policies and procedures. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in criminal or civil sanctions and have a materially adverse effect on John Deere s reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. Changes to existing laws and regulations or changes to how they are interpreted or the implementation of new, more stringent laws or regulations could adversely affect John Deere s business by increasing compliance costs, limiting John Deere s ability to offer a product or service, requiring changes to John Deere s business practices, or otherwise making John Deere s products and services less attractive to customers. For example, so-called right to repair legislation proposals in certain states and at the federal level in the U.S. could require John Deere to provide access to the software code embedded in its products, which, among other harmful consequences, could result in product safety issues, compromise engine emissions and performance controls, adversely affect the protection of John Deere s intellectual property rights, and discourage innovation and investments in research and development. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Legislative and regulatory changes and other actions that could potentially affect John Deere s business may be announced with little or no advance notice and John Deere may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse effects from such measures. Strategic Performance Risks John Deere may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of its business strategies, including acquisitions, joint ventures, and divestitures, or these benefits may take longer to realize than expected. From time to time, John Deere makes strategic acquisitions and divestitures and participates in joint ventures. Acquisitions and joint ventures that John Deere has entered into, or may enter into in the future, may involve significant challenges and risks, including that the acquisitions or joint ventures do not advance John Deere s business strategy or fail to produce satisfactory returns on investment. John Deere may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with its operations, applying internal control processes to these acquisitions, managing strategic investments, and assimilating new capabilities to meet the future needs of John Deere s businesses. Integrating acquisitions is often costly and may require significant attention from management. Furthermore, John Deere may not realize all the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or joint ventures, or the realized benefits may be significantly delayed. While our evaluation of any potential transaction includes business, legal, and financial due diligence with the goal of identifying and evaluating the material risks involved, these due diligence reviews may not identify all of the issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential risks of a particular acquisition or joint venture, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from an acquisition target s or joint venture partner s previous activities or costs associated with any quality issues with an acquisition target s or joint venture s products or services. John Deere may decide to divest acquired businesses if we determine any such divestiture is in the best interests of our shareholders, and our joint ventures may be terminated at or before their stated terms. Divestitures of businesses or dissolutions of joint ventures may involve significant challenges and risks, including failure to advance our business strategy, costs or disruptions to John Deere, and negative effects on John Deere s product offerings, which may adversely affect John Deere s business, results of operations, and financial condition. Divestitures of businesses or dissolutions of joint ventures may result in ongoing financial or legal involvement in the divested business through indemnifications or other financial arrangements, such as retained liabilities, which could affect the Company s future financial results. In addition, John Deere may not realize all anticipated benefits of its recent reorganization and the implementation of its operating model within the anticipated timeframe or at all. Factors that could affect these benefits include the adoption of new job types within John Deere, changing job responsibilities of employees, the number of layers of management, the ability of employees to embrace change, anxiety within the workforce, and temporary inefficiencies. Further, the ability of John Deere to execute its business strategies in production systems, precision technologies, and aftermarket support could affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition. Precision Technology Risks If John Deere is unable to deliver precision technology and agricultural solutions to its customers, it could affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition. John Deere s approach to precision technology involves hardware and software, guidance, connectivity and digital solutions, automation and machine intelligence, and autonomy. To create and maintain a competitive differentiation through precision technology solutions, John Deere needs to successfully develop and introduce new precision technology solutions that improve profitability and sustainability for customers through the production systems. John Deere may make significant investments in research and development, acquisitions or other business ventures, data security for precision technology solutions, and employee training. These investments may not produce solutions that provide the desired results for customers profitability or sustainability outcomes. In addition, John Deere may depend on third parties to supply components, software, and services in support of precision technology solutions. The dealer channel s ability to support and service precision technology solutions may affect customers acceptance and adoption rates of these products. Further, if John Deere is not able to deliver precision technology solutions with differentiated features and functionality, customers may not adopt technology solutions, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s reputation and business. The reallocation of radio frequency (RF) bands could disrupt or degrade the reliability of John Deere s high precision augmented Global Positioning System (GPS) or other RF technology, which could impair John Deere s ability to develop and market GPS- and RF-based technology solutions as well as significantly reduce agricultural and construction customers profitability. John Deere s current and planned integrated agricultural business and equipment management systems, as well as its fleet management telematics solutions for construction equipment, depend upon the use of RF signals. These signals include, but are not limited to, GPS signals, other GPS-like satellite signals, augmented GPS services, and other RF technologies that link equipment, operations, owners, dealers, and technicians. These radio services depend on frequency allocations governed by international and national government agencies. Any international or national reallocation of frequency bands, including frequency bands segmentation 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 and band spectrum sharing, or other modifications concerning the regulation of frequency bands, could significantly disrupt or degrade the utility and reliability of John Deere s GPS-based products, which could negatively affect John Deere s ability to develop and market GPS-based technology solutions. For John Deere s agricultural customers, the inability to use high-precision augmented GPS signals or other RF signals could result in lower crop yields and higher equipment maintenance, seed, fertilizer, fuel, and wage costs. For construction customers, disrupting GPS or RF applications could result in higher fuel and equipment maintenance costs, as well as lower construction design and project management efficiencies. These cost increases could significantly reduce customers profitability and demand for John Deere products. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. See Manufacturing in Item 1. The equipment operations own or lease 11 facilities comprised of two locations supporting centralized parts distribution and nine regional parts depots and distribution centers throughout the U.S. and Canada. Outside the U.S. and Canada, the equipment operations also own or lease and occupy 12 centralized parts distribution centers in Brazil, Germany, India, and Russia and regional parts depots and distribution centers in Argentina, Australia, China, Mexico, South Africa, Sweden, and the United Kingdom . John Deere also owns or leases eight facilities for the manufacture and distribution of other brands of replacement parts. The Company owns or leases 44 administrative offices and research facilities globally as well as many other smaller, miscellaneous facilities. Overall, John Deere owns approximately 68.4 million square feet of facilities and leases approximately 11.8 million additional square feet in various locations. These properties are adequate and suitable for John Deere s business as presently conducted and are well maintained. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. The Company is subject to various unresolved legal actions that arise in the normal course of its business, the most prevalent of which relate to product liability (including asbestos-related liability), retail credit, employment, patent, and trademark matters. Item 103 of Regulation S-K requires disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and the proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that the Company reasonably believes could exceed 300,000. The following matter is disclosed solely pursuant to that requirement: In 2018, the Provincia Santa Fe Ministerio de Medio Ambiente (MoE) in Argentina issued a Notice of Violation to Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A., an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (IJDA), in connection with alleged groundwater contamination. IJDA worked with the appropriate authorities to implement corrective actions to remediate the relevant site. In 2019, the MoE issued a Notice of Fine, which IJDA contested. On October 12, 2021, IJDA paid an amount equal to approximately 321,000, under protest, to settle the matter. The Company believes the reasonably possible range of losses for other unresolved legal actions would not have a material effect on its financial statements . ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 (a) The Company s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE. The Company has a history of paying quarterly cash dividends. While we currently expect a cash dividend to be paid in the future, future dividend payments will depend on the Company s earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, and other factors considered relevant by our Board of Directors. See the information concerning the number of stockholders in Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. (b) Not applicable. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 (c) The Company s purchases of its common stock during the fourth quarter of 2021 were as follows: ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Maximum Total Number of Number of Shares Shares Purchased that May Yet Be Total Number of as Part of Publicly Purchased under Shares Average Price Announced Plans the Plans or Purchased Paid Per or Programs (1) Programs (1) Period (thousands) Share (thousands) (millions) Aug 2 to Aug 29 643 371.02 643 18.5 Aug 30 to Sept 26 641 361.04 641 17.8 Sept 27 to Oct 31 845 341.16 845 17.0 Total 2,129 2,129 

(1) The Company announced a share repurchase plan in December 2019 to purchase up to 8,000 million of shares of the Company s common stock. The maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under this plan was based on the closing share price as at end of the fourth quarter of 342.31 per share. At the end of the fourth quarter of 2021, 5,811 million of common stock remained to be purchased under this plan. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. See the information under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis on pages 27 43. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. The Company is exposed to a variety of market risks, including interest rates and currency exchange rates. The Company attempts to actively manage these risks. See the information under Management s Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 27, under Financial Instrument Market Risk Information on page 43 and in Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. See the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto and supplementary data on pages 44 84. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. Not applicable. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company s principal executive officer and its principal financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) were effective as of October 31, 2021, based on the evaluation of these controls and procedures required by Rule 13a-15(b) or 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2021, using the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment, management believes that, as of October 31, 2021, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. That report is included herein. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting During the fourth quarter, there were no changes that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. Not applicable. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. Not applicable. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. The information regarding directors required by this Item 10 will be set forth in the definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2022 annual meeting of stockholders (proxy statement) to be filed with the Commission in advance of such meeting. Information regarding executive officers is presented in Item 1 of this report under the caption Information about our Executive Officers. The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its executives, including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer. This code of ethics and the Company s corporate governance policies are posted on the Company s website at http://www.deere.com/governance. The Company intends to satisfy disclosure requirements regarding amendments to or waivers from its code of ethics by posting such information on this website. The charters of the Audit Review, Corporate Governance, Compensation, and Finance committees of the Company s Board of Directors are available on the Company s website as well. This information is also available in print free of charge to any person who requests it. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. The information required by this Item 11 will be set forth in the proxy statement to be filed with the Commission. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. The information required by this Item 12 will be set forth in the proxy statement to be filed with the Commission. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. The information required by this Item 13 will be set forth in the proxy statement to be filed with the Commission. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. The information required by this Item 14 will be set forth in the proxy statement to be filed with the Commission. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Page (1) Financial Statements Statement of Consolidated Income for the years ended October 31, 2021, November 1, 2020, and November 3, 2019 44 Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income for the years ended October 31, 2021, November 1, 2020, and November 3, 2019 45 Consolidated Balance Sheet as of October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 46 Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows for the years ended October 31, 2021, November 1, 2020, and November 3, 2019 47 Statement of Changes in Consolidated Stockholders Equity for the years ended November 3, 2019, November 1, 2020, and October 31, 2021 48 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 49 (2) Exhibits See the Index to Exhibits on pages 88 91 of this report Certain instruments relating to long-term borrowings constituting less than 10 percent of registrant s total assets are not filed as exhibits herewith pursuant to Item 601(b)4(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. Registrant agrees to file copies of such instruments upon request of the Commission. Financial Statement Schedules Omitted The following schedules for the Company and consolidated subsidiaries are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required: I, II, III, IV, and V. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. None. 
 26 

Table of Contents MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is intended to promote understanding of the financial condition and results of operations. The MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K). RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2021, NOVEMBER 1, 2020, AND NOVEMBER 3, 2019 OVERVIEW Organization The company s equipment operations generate revenues and cash primarily from the sale of equipment to John Deere dealers and distributors. The equipment operations manufacture and distribute a full line of agricultural equipment; a variety of commercial and consumer equipment; and a broad range of equipment for construction, roadbuilding, and forestry. The company s financial services primarily provide credit services, which mainly finance sales and leases of equipment by John Deere dealers and trade receivables purchased from the equipment operations. In addition, financial services offers extended equipment warranties. The information in the following discussion is presented in a format that includes information grouped as consolidated, equipment operations, and financial services. The equipment operations represents the enterprise without financial services. The equipment operations includes the company s production and precision agriculture operations, small agriculture and turf operations, construction and forestry operations, and other corporate assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses not reflected within financial services. The company also views its operations as consisting of two geographic areas: the U.S. and Canada, and outside the U.S. and Canada. The company s operating segments consist of production and precision agriculture, small agriculture and turf, construction and forestry, and financial services. Trends and Economic Conditions The company s production and precision agriculture equipment and small agriculture and turf equipment sales both increased 27 percent in 2021. Industry sales of large agricultural machinery in the U.S. and Canada for 2022 are forecasted to increase approximately 15 percent compared to 2021. Industry sales of small agricultural and turf equipment in the U.S. and Canada are expected to be flat in 2022. Industry sales of agricultural machinery in Europe are estimated to be about 5 percent higher. South American industry sales of tractors and combines are expected to be roughly 5 percent higher in 2022. Asia industry sales are forecasted to be nearly the same in 2022 as in 2021. The company s construction and forestry sales increased 27 percent in 2021. On an industry basis, North American construction equipment and compact construction equipment sales are both expected to be 5 to 10 percent higher in 2022. Global forestry industry sales are projected to increase 10 to 15 percent. The company s f inancial services operations for the full year 2022 are expected to experience slightly lower results due to a higher provision for credit losses, 
 lower gains on operating lease residual values, and higher selling, general and administrative expenses. These factors are expected to be partially offset by income earned on a higher average portfolio. Items of concern that could affect the company s results of operations and liquidity and capital resources include uncertainty of the effectiveness of governmental and private sector actions to address COVID, supply of critical parts and components, trade agreements, the uncertainty of the results of monetary and fiscal policies, the impact of elevated levels of sovereign and state debt, capital market disruptions, changes in demand and pricing for new and used equipment, geopolitical events, and the other items discussed in the Safe Harbor Statement below. Significant fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and volatility in the price of many commodities could also impact the company s results. The future financial effects of COVID continue to be unknown due to many factors. As a result of these uncertainties, predicting the company s forecasted financial performance is subject to many assumptions. The UAW, the union representing the majority of the company s production and maintenance employees in the U.S., initiated a strike on October 14, 2021. This resulted in a work stoppage affecting employees at 14 U.S. facilities. The work stoppage continued through the approval of a new six-year collective bargaining agreement on November 17, 2021. The company s operations during the remainder of the fourth quarter were adversely affected by the work stoppage, which reduced production and shipments. The company s 2021 full-year performance reflects strong end-market demand and the ability of the company s dedicated employees, dealers, and suppliers throughout the world, who have helped safely maintain operations, manage supply chain challenges, and continue to serve customers throughout the COVID pandemic. Demand for farm and construction equipment is expected to continue to benefit from positive fundamentals, including favorable crop prices, economic growth, and increased investment in infrastructure. While supply-chain pressures are expected to persist into at least the early part of fiscal year 2022, the company is working closely with key suppliers to secure the parts and components that customers need in order to deliver essential food and infrastructure more profitably and sustainably. COVID Effects, Actions, and Recent Developments During 2020 and to a lesser extent in 2021, the effects of COVID and the related actions of governments and other authorities to contain COVID have affected and continue to affect the company s operations, results, cash flows, and forecasts. The U.S. government and many other governments in countries where the company operates have designated the company an essential critical infrastructure business. This designation allows the company to operate in support of its customers to the extent possible. The company s first priority in addressing the effects of COVID continues to be the health, safety, and overall welfare of its 

27 

Table of Contents 
 employees. The company effectively activated previously established business continuity plans and proactively implemented health and safety measures at its operations around the world. The company broadened its supply base to minimize the impact of potential supply chain disruptions on its ability to meet customer demand. The company has experienced shortages of critical parts and components, which caused challenges and production disruptions. The company continues to monitor the situation and work closely with suppliers. The company continued to work closely with customers in 2021 in connection with short-term payment relief on obligations owed to the company. Financing receivables and operating leases granted relief since the beginning of the pandemic that remained outstanding at October 31, 2021 represented about 3 percent and about 2 percent of the respective portfolio balances. The trade receivables granted relief that remained outstanding at October 31, 2021 were not material. Additional information is presented in Notes 13 and 25. 2021 COMPARED WITH 2020 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS 

Deere Company (In millions of dollars, except per share amounts) 2021 2020 Net sales and revenues 44,024 35,540 Net income attributable to Deere Company 5,963 2,751 Diluted earnings per share 18.99 8.69 Net income in 2020 was negatively affected by impairment charges and employee-separation costs of 458 million after-tax (see Notes 4 and 5). In addition, net income in 2020 was less favorably affected by discrete adjustments to the provision for income taxes. 

Equipment Operations (In millions of dollars) 2021 2020 Change Worldwide: Net sales 39,737 31,272 +27 Operating profit 6,868 3,559 +93 Net income 5,082 2,185 +133 Price realization +6 Currency translation +2 U.S. and Canada: Net sales 22,476 17,954 +25 Price realization +5 Currency translation +1 Outside U.S. and Canada: Net sales 17,261 13,318 +30 Price realization +8 Currency translation +4 The discussion on net sales and operating profit is included in the Business Segment and Geographic Area Results below. 
 A discussion of the cost of sales to net sales ratio and other significant statement of consolidated income changes follows: 

Deere Company (In millions of dollars) 2021 2020 Change Cost of sales to net sales 73.3 75.7 Finance and interest income 3,296 3,450 -4 Other income 991 818 +21 Research and development expenses 1,587 1,644 -3 Selling, administrative and general expenses 3,383 3,477 -3 Interest expense 993 1,247 -20 Other operating expenses 1,343 1,612 -17 The cost of sales to net sales ratio decreased compared to 2020 mainly due to price realization and the impact of impairments and employee-separation expenses recorded in 2020 (see Note 5). Finance and interest income reduced slightly in 2021 due to lower average interest rates, largely offset by a higher average credit portfolio. Other income increased primarily due to operating lease disposition gains. Research and development expenses were lower in 2021 largely due to employee-separation expenses incurred in 2020 (see Note 5) and organizational efficiencies. Selling, administrative and general expenses decreased mostly due to employee-separation expenses recorded in 2020 (see Note 5) and a lower provision for credit losses, partially offset by higher incentive compensation. Interest expense decreased in 2021 due to lower average borrowing rates. Other operating expenses were lower compared to 2020 largely due to lower retirement benefit costs, reduced depreciation of equipment on operating leases, and the impact of operating lease impairments recorded in 2020 (see Note 5). The company has several funded and unfunded defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit (OPEB) plans, primarily health care and life insurance plans. The company s costs for these plans in 2021 were 197 million, compared with 341 million in 2020. The long-term expected return on plan assets, which is reflected in these costs, was an expected gain of 5.9 percent in 2021 and 6.4 percent in 2020, or 876 million and 869 million, respectively. The actual return was a gain of 3,616 million in 2021 and 1,177 million in 2020. In 2022, the expected return is approximately 5.0 percent. The company s costs under these plans in 2022, including the pension expense related to the UAW contract ratification and the expected gain on the voluntary OPEB contribution (see Note 29), are expected to be consistent with 2021. See the discussion in Critical Accounting Estimates for more information about pension and OPEB benefit obligations. BUSINESS SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC AREA RESULTS The following discussion relates to operating results by reportable segment and geographic area. Operating profit is income before corporate expenses, certain external interest expense, certain foreign exchange gains or losses, and income taxes. However, the financial services segment operating profit includes the effect of interest expense and foreign currency exchange gains or losses. 

28 

Table of Contents 
 In fiscal year 2021, the company implemented a new operating model and reporting structure. With this change, the company s agriculture and turf operations were divided into two new segments: production and precision agriculture and small agriculture and turf. The production and precision agriculture segment defines, develops, and delivers global equipment and technology solutions to unlock customer value for production-scale growers of large grains, small grains, cotton, and sugar. Main products include large and certain mid-size tractors, combines, cotton pickers, sugarcane harvesters and loaders, and soil preparation, seeding, application and crop care equipment. The small agriculture and turf segment defines, develops, and delivers global equipment and technology solutions to unlock customer value for dairy and livestock producers, high-value crop producers, and turf and utility customers. The segment s primary products include certain mid-size and small tractors, as well as hay and forage equipment, riding and commercial lawn equipment, golf course equipment, and utility vehicles. There were no reporting changes for the construction and forestry and financial services segments. As a result, the company has four reportable segments. Worldwide Production and Precision Agriculture Operations 

(In millions of dollars) 2021 2020 Change Net sales 16,509 12,962 +27 Operating profit 3,334 1,969 +69 Operating margin 20.2 15.2 Segment sales increased due to higher shipment volumes and price realization. Operating profit benefitted from price realization, higher shipment volumes / sales mix, and a favorable indirect tax ruling in Brazil. These items were partially offset by higher production costs. The prior year was also impacted by employee-separation program expenses (see Note 5). 
 Worldwide Small Agriculture and Turf Operations 

(In millions of dollars) 2021 2020 Change Net sales 11,860 9,363 +27 Operating profit 2,045 1,000 +105 Operating margin 17.2 10.7 Segment sales and operating profit were both higher in 2021 due to higher shipment volumes / sales mix and price realization. The operating profit improvement was partially offset by higher production costs. Results for the current year were positively impacted by a gain on the sale of a factory in China, while results for the prior year were affected by impairments, closure costs, and employee-separation expenses (see Note 5). Worldwide Construction and Forestry Operations 

(In millions of dollars) 2021 2020 Change Net sales 11,368 8,947 +27 Operating profit 1,489 590 +152 Operating margin 13.1 6.6 Segment sales increased in 2021 primarily due to higher shipment volumes and price realization. Operating profit increased mainly due to positive shipment volumes / sales mix and price realization, partially offset by higher production costs. The prior year was also impacted by employee-separation program expenses and impairments in certain fixed assets and unconsolidated affiliates (see Note 5). 

29 

Table of Contents 
 Worldwide Financial Services Operations 

(In millions of dollars) 2021 2020 Change Revenue (including intercompany) 3,794 3,867 -2 Interest expense 687 942 -27 Net income 881 566 +56 While the average balance of receivables and leases financed was 5 percent higher in 2021, revenue decreased due to lower average interest rates. Interest expense decreased in 2021 as a result of lower average borrowing rates. Net income in 2021 increased mainly due to an improvement on operating lease residual values, a lower provision for credit losses, more favorable financing spreads, and income earned on a higher average portfolio. Deere Company in U.S. and Canada 

(In millions of dollars) 2021 2020 Change Net sales and revenues 25,829 21,386 +21 Operating profit 4,774 2,775 +72 Operating margin 18.5 13.0 Net sales and revenues increased in 2021 due mostly to higher shipment volumes / sales mix and price realization. The growth in operating profit was due primarily to increased shipment volumes / sales mix and price realization, partially offset by higher production costs. Results in 2020 were negatively impacted by impairment charges and employee-separation expenses. Deere Company outside U.S. and Canada 

(In millions of dollars) 2021 2020 Change Net sales and revenues 18,195 14,154 +29 Operating profit 3,238 1,530 +112 Operating margin 17.8 10.8 The net sales and revenue increase in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily the result of higher shipment volumes / sales mix, price realization, and the favorable effects of currency translation. Operating profit improvement was largely due to higher shipment volumes / sales mix and price realization, partially offset by increased production costs. Results in 2020 were negatively impacted by impairment charges and employee-separation costs. 
 2020 COMPARED WITH 2019 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS 

Deere Company (In millions of dollars, except per share amounts) 2020 2019 Net sales and revenues 35,540 39,258 Net income attributable to Deere Company 2,751 3,253 Diluted earnings per share 8.69 10.15 Net income in 2020 was negatively affected by impairment charges and employee-separation costs of 458 million after-tax (see Notes 4 and 5). In 2019, the similar charges were 82 million. In addition, the provision for income taxes was adversely affected by non-deductible impairments and charges in 2020 and less favorably affected by discrete adjustments in 2020 than in 2019. 

Equipment Operations (In millions of dollars) 2020 2019 Change Worldwide: Net sales 31,272 34,886 -10 Operating profit 3,559 3,721 -4 Net income 2,185 2,714 -19 Price realization +3 Currency translation (unfavorable) -2 U.S. and Canada: Net sales 17,954 20,264 -11 Price realization +3 Outside U.S. and Canada: Net sales 13,318 14,622 -9 Price realization +4 Currency translation (unfavorable) -4 The discussion of net sales and operating profit is included in the following Business Segment and Geographic Area Results. The equipment operations provision for income taxes and net income were adversely affected by non-deductible impairments and charges in 2020 and were less favorably affected by discrete adjustments to the provision for income taxes in 2020 than in 2019. A discussion of the cost of sales to net sales ratio and other significant statement of consolidated income changes follows: 

Deere Company (In millions of dollars) 2020 2019 Change Cost of sales to net sales 75.7 76.8 Finance and interest income 3,450 3,493 -1 Other income 818 879 -7 Research and development expenses 1,644 1,783 -8 Selling, administrative and general expenses 3,477 3,551 -2 Interest expense 1,247 1,466 -15 Other operating expenses 1,612 1,578 +2 The cost of sales to net sales ratio decreased compared to 2019 mainly due to price realization, improved production costs, and lower warranty expenses, partially offset by impairments, employee-separation expenses (see Note 5), and the unfavorable 

30 

Table of Contents 
 effects of foreign currency exchange. Finance and interest income decreased slightly in 2020 due to lower average interest rates, largely offset by a higher average credit portfolio. Other income declined primarily due to lower service income compared to 2019. Research and development expenses decreased compared to 2019 as a result of targeted project reductions related to COVID spending adjustments. Selling, administrative and general expenses decreased largely due to spending reductions and the favorable effects of currency translation, mostly offset by employee-separation expenses (see Note 5) and an increase in the provision for credit losses. Interest expense decreased in 2020 due to lower average borrowing rates, partially offset by higher average borrowings. Other operating expenses increased compared to 2019 largely due to increased depreciation of equipment on operating leases, employee-separation expenses (see Note 5), and a loss on sale of a business (see Note 4). These items were mostly offset by lower impairments and reduced losses on operating lease residual values and reduced service related expenses. The company has several funded and unfunded defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans, primarily health care and life insurance plans. The company s costs for these plans in 2020 were 341 million, compared with 235 million in 2019. The returns on plan assets were gains of 1,177 million in 2020 and 2,163 million in 2019. Total company contributions to the plans were 951 million in 2020 and 518 million in 2019, which included voluntary contributions and direct benefit payments. The voluntary contributions to plan assets were 700 million in 2020 to a U.S. OPEB plan, and 306 million in 2019, which included 300 million to the same U.S. OPEB plan. BUSINESS SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC AREA RESULTS Worldwide Production and Precision Agriculture Operations 

(In millions of dollars) 2020 2019 Change Net sales 12,962 13,364 -3 Operating profit 1,969 1,729 +14 Operating margin 15.2 12.9 Segment sales decreased due to lower shipment volumes and the unfavorable effects of currency translation, partially offset by price realization. Operating profit increased largely due to price realization, lower research and development expense, reduced selling, administrative and general expenses, and lower warranty expenses. These items were partially offset by lower shipment volumes / mix, the unfavorable effects of currency exchange, and employee-separation expenses. Worldwide Small Agriculture and Turf Operations 

(In millions of dollars) 2020 2019 Change Net sales 9,363 10,302 -9 Operating profit 1,000 777 +29 Operating margin 10.7 7.5 Segment sales decreased due to lower shipment volumes, partially offset by price realization. Operating profit improved due to price realization, favorable production costs, lower selling, 
 administrative and general expenses, reduced research and development expense, and lower warranty expense, partially offset by lower shipment volumes / mix, employee-separation expenses and impairments. Worldwide Construction and Forestry Operations 

(In millions of dollars) 2020 2019 Change Net sales 8,947 11,220 -20 Operating profit 590 1,215 -51 Operating margin 6.6 10.8 Segment sales decreased in 2020 primarily due to lower shipment volumes and the unfavorable effect of currency translation, partially offset by price realization. Operating profit declined mainly due to lower shipment volumes / mix, employee-separation expenses, impairments, and the unfavorable effects of currency exchange. The reduction in operating profit was partially offset by price realization, lower research and development expenses, reduced selling, administrative and general expenses, and improved production costs. Worldwide Financial Services Operations 

(In millions of dollars) 2020 2019 Change Revenue (including intercompany) 3,867 3,969 -3 Interest expense 942 1,234 -24 Net income 566 539 +5 While the average balance of receivables and leases financed was 2 percent higher in 2020, revenue decreased due to lower average interest rates. Interest expense decreased in 2020 as a result of lower average borrowing rates, partially offset by higher average borrowings. Net income in 2020 increased mainly due to lower impairments and reduced losses on operating lease residual values and income earned on a higher average portfolio, partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses, employee-separation expenses, and unfavorable financing spreads. Deere Company in U.S. and Canada 

(In millions of dollars) 2020 2019 Change Net sales and revenues 21,386 23,746 -10 Operating profit 2,775 2,841 -2 Operating margin 13.0 12.0 Net sales and revenues decreased in 2020 due primarily to lower shipment volumes, partially offset by price realization. The reduction in operating profit was due primarily to lower shipment volumes / mix and employee-separation expenses, partially offset by price realization, lower research and development costs, reduced selling, general and administrative expenses, improved production costs, and lower warranty expenses. Deere Company outside U.S. and Canada 

(In millions of dollars) 2020 2019 Change Net sales and revenues 14,154 15,512 -9 Operating profit 1,530 1,574 -3 Operating margin 10.8 10.1 The net sales and revenues decrease in 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily the result of lower shipment volumes and the 

31 

Table of Contents 
 unfavorable effects of currency translation, partially offset by price realization. Operating profit declined primarily due to lower shipment volumes / mix, impairments, employee-separation expenses, and the unfavorable effects of currency exchange, largely offset by price realization, reduced selling, general and administrative expenses, lower research and development costs, improved production costs, and lower warranty expenses. CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY The discussion of capital resources and liquidity has been organized to review separately, where appropriate, the company s consolidated totals, equipment operations, and financial services operations. CONSOLIDATED Positive cash flows from consolidated operating activities in 2021 were 7,726 million. This resulted primarily from net income adjusted for non-cash provisions, an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses, and a decrease in receivables related to sales, which were partially offset by an increase in inventories. Cash outflows from investing activities were 5,750 million in 2021, due mainly to the cost of receivables (excluding receivables related to sales) and cost of equipment on operating leases acquired exceeding the collections of receivables and the proceeds from sales of equipment on operating leases by 4,332 million, purchases of property and equipment of 848 million, a change in collateral on derivatives net of 281 million, and acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired, of 244 million (see Note 4). Cash outflows from financing activities were 1,078 million in 2021, due primarily to repurchases of common stock of 2,538 million and dividends paid of 1,040 million, partially offset by an increase in borrowings of 2,450 million and proceeds from the issuance of common stock (resulting from the exercise of stock options) of 148 million. Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash increased 953 million during 2021. Over the last three years, operating activities have provided an aggregate of 18,621 million in cash. Cash inflows were also provided by increases in borrowings of 5,621 million. The aggregate amount of these cash inflows was used mainly to acquire receivables (excluding receivables related to sales) and equipment on operating leases that exceeded collections of receivables and the proceeds from sales of equipment on operating leases by 9,817 million, repurchase common stock of 4,541 million, pay dividends of 2,939 million, and purchase property and equipment of 2,788 million. Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash increased 4,110 million over the three-year period. The company has access to most global capital markets at reasonable costs and expects to have sufficient sources of global funding and liquidity to meet its funding needs in the short term and long term. Sources of liquidity for the company include cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, funds from operations, the issuance of commercial paper and term debt, the securitization of retail notes (both public and private markets), and committed and uncommitted bank lines of credit. The company s commercial paper outstanding at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 was 2,230 million and 1,238 million, respectively, while the 
 total cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities position was 8,745 million and 7,707 million, respectively. The amount of the total cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities held by foreign subsidiaries was 5,817 million at October 31, 2021 and 5,010 million at November 1, 2020. During November 2021, the company s foreign subsidiaries returned 3,500 million of cash and cash equivalents to the U.S. Lines of Credit. The company also has access to bank lines of credit with various banks throughout the world. Worldwide lines of credit totaled 8,336 million at October 31, 2021, 5,770 million of which were unused. For the purpose of computing the unused credit lines, commercial paper and short-term bank borrowings, excluding secured borrowings and the current portion of long-term borrowings, were considered to constitute utilization. Included in the total credit lines at October 31, 2021 was a 364-day credit facility agreement of 3,000 million, expiring in fiscal April 2022. In addition, total credit lines included long-term credit facility agreements of 2,500 million, expiring in fiscal April 2025, and 2,500 million, expiring in fiscal March 2026. The agreements are mutually extendable and the annual facility fees are not significant. These credit agreements require John Deere Capital Corporation (Capital Corporation) to maintain its consolidated ratio of earnings to fixed charges at not less than 1.05 to 1 for each fiscal quarter and the ratio of senior debt, excluding securitization indebtedness, to capital base (total subordinated debt and stockholder s equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)) at not more than 11 to 1 at the end of any fiscal quarter. The credit agreements also require the equipment operations to maintain a ratio of total debt to total capital (total debt and stockholders equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)) of 65 percent or less at the end of each fiscal quarter. Under this provision, the company s excess equity capacity and retained earnings balance free of restriction at October 31, 2021 was 15,388 million. Alternatively under this provision, the equipment operations had the capacity to incur additional debt of 28,579 million at October 31, 2021. All of these credit agreement requirements have been met during the periods included in the consolidated financial statements. Debt Ratings. To access public debt capital markets, the company relies on credit rating agencies to assign short-term and long-term credit ratings to the company s securities as an indicator of credit quality for fixed income investors. A security rating is not a recommendation by the rating agency to buy, sell, or hold company securities. A credit rating agency may change or withdraw company ratings based on its assessment of the company s current and future ability to meet interest and principal repayment obligations. Each agency s rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. Lower credit ratings generally result in higher borrowing costs, including costs of derivative transactions, and reduced access to debt capital markets. 

32 

Table of Contents 
 The senior long-term and short-term debt ratings and outlook currently assigned to unsecured company securities by the rating agencies engaged by the company are as follows: Senior Long-Term Short-Term Outlook Fitch Ratings A F1 Stable Moody s Investors Service, Inc. A2 Prime-1 Stable Standard Poor s A A-1 Stable Trade Accounts and Notes Receivable. Trade accounts and notes receivable primarily arise from sales of goods to independent dealers. Trade receivables increased by 37 million in 2021. The ratio of trade accounts and notes receivable at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 to fiscal year net sales was 11 and 13 percent, respectively. Total worldwide production and precision agriculture receivables decreased 193 million, worldwide small agriculture and turf receivables increased 199 million, and construction and forestry receivables increased 31 million. The collection period for trade receivables averages less than 12 months. The percentage of trade receivables outstanding for a period exceeding 12 months was 1 percent at October 31, 2021 and 3 percent at November 1, 2020. Deere Company Stockholders Equity . Deere Company stockholders equity was 18,431 million at October 31, 2021, compared with 12,937 million at November 1, 2020. The increase of 5,494 million resulted from net income attributable to Deere Company of 5,963 million, a change in the retirement benefits adjustment of 2,884 million, an increase in common stock of 159 million, and a change in the cumulative translation adjustment of 118 million, which was partially offset by an increase in treasury stock of 2,468 million and dividends declared of 1,125 million. Contractual Obligations and Cash Requirements. The company s material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations: Borrowings As of October 31, 2021, the equipment operations had 1,497 million of payments due on borrowings and securitization borrowings in the next year, along with interest payments of 329 million. As of the same date, the financial services operations had 11,959 million of payments due on borrowings and securitization borrowings in the next year, along with interest payments of 574 million. The securitization borrowing payments are based on the expected liquidation of the retail notes, as well as the repurchases due to the reduced facility capacity (see Note 29). The financial services borrowings will likely be replaced with new borrowings to finance their receivable and lease portfolios. Purchase Obligations As of October 31, 2021, the company s outstanding purchase obligations were 4,314 million, with 4,190 million payable within one year. These purchase obligations are noncancelable. Other Cash Requirements In addition to its contractual obligations, the company s quarterly cash dividend is 1.05 per share, subject to change at the discretion of the company s Board of Directors. Total company pension and OPEB contributions in 2022 are expected to be approximately 1,250 million. Fiscal year 
 2022 contributions include a voluntary U.S. OPEB plan contribution of 1,000 million made on November 30, 2021 (see Note 29). Also anticipated in 2022 is the dissolution of the joint venture agreement between the company and Hitachi. In connection with the termination, the company will purchase all of Hitachi s shares in the relevant joint venture manufacturing entities and receive certain intellectual property rights. The initial cash consideration consists of 275 million for the shares and an intellectual property license (see Notes 1, 4, and 11). The company will consider share repurchases as a means of deploying excess cash to shareholders once the previously mentioned requirements are met. EQUIPMENT OPERATIONS The company s equipment businesses are capital intensive and are subject to seasonal variations in financing requirements for inventories and certain receivables from dealers. The equipment operations sell a significant portion of their trade receivables to financial services. To the extent necessary, funds provided from operations are supplemented by external financing sources. Cash provided by operating activities of the equipment operations during 2021, including intercompany cash flows, was 5,900 million due largely to net income adjusted for non-cash provisions and an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by an increase in inventories and an increase in trade, notes, and financing receivables related to sales. Over the last three years, these operating activities, including intercompany cash flows, have provided an aggregate of 13,860 million in cash. Trade receivables held by the equipment operations increased by 142 million during 2021. The equipment operations sell a significant portion of their trade receivables to financial services (see previous consolidated discussion). Inventories increased by 1,782 million in 2021 due primarily to increased production schedules. A majority of these inventories are valued on the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method. The ratios of inventories on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis (see Note 15), which approximates current cost, to fiscal year cost of sales were 31 percent and 28 percent at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. Total interest-bearing debt, excluding finance lease liabilities, of the equipment operations was 10,373 million at the end of 2021, compared with 10,382 million at the end of 2020 and 6,446 million at the end of 2019. The ratio of total debt to total capital (total interest-bearing debt and Deere Company stockholders equity) at the end of 2021, 2020, and 2019 was 36 percent, 45 percent, and 36 percent, respectively. In 2020, the equipment operations issued three tranches of notes in the U.S. with aggregate principal totaling 2,250 million that are due from 2025 to 2050. The equipment operations also issued Euro notes with aggregate principal totaling 2,000 million (approximately 2,170 million based on the exchange rate at the issue date) that are due from 2024 to 2032 (see Note 20). In 2020, the equipment operations issued commercial paper in the U.S. with aggregate 

33 

Table of Contents 
 principal totaling 466 million, of which 448 million had an original term greater than 90 days. This commercial paper was repaid in 2020 and is presented in Increase (decrease) in total short-term borrowings in the statement of consolidated cash flows. Property and equipment cash expenditures for the equipment operations in 2021 were 845 million, compared with 816 million in 2020. Capital expenditures in 2022 are estimated to be 1,175 million. FINANCIAL SERVICES The financial services operations rely on their ability to raise substantial amounts of funds to finance their receivable and lease portfolios. Their primary sources of funds for this purpose are a combination of commercial paper, term debt, securitization of retail notes, equity capital, and borrowings from Deere Company. The cash provided by operating and financing activities was used primarily to increase receivables and leases. Cash flows from the financial services operating activities, including intercompany cash flows, were 1,965 million in 2021. Cash used for investing activities totaled 4,308 million in 2021 due primarily to the cost of receivables (excluding trade and wholesale) and cost of equipment on operating leases acquired exceeding collections of these receivables and the proceeds from sales of equipment on operating leases by 5,311 million, a change in collateral on derivatives net of 274 million, and purchases of marketable securities exceeding proceeds from maturities and sales by 89 million. Partially offsetting the use of cash was a decrease in trade receivables and wholesale notes of 1,364 million. Cash provided by financing activities totaled 2,238 million in 2021, resulting primarily from an increase in external borrowings of 2,468 million, an increase in borrowings from Deere Company of 354 million, partially offset by dividends paid to Deere Company of 555 million. Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash decreased 91 million. Over the last three years, the operating activities, including intercompany cash flows, have provided 6,359 million in cash. In addition, an increase in total borrowings of 5,476 million, a decrease in trade and wholesale receivables of 2,428 million, and a change in collateral on derivatives net of 59 million provided cash inflows. These amounts have been used mainly to fund receivables (excluding trade and wholesale) and equipment on operating lease acquisitions, which exceeded collections and the proceeds from sales of equipment on operating leases, by 12,454 million, pay dividends to Deere Company of 1,368 million, and purchase 182 million of marketable securities in excess of maturities and sales. Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash increased 112 million over the three-year period. Trade and financing receivables and equipment on operating leases increased by 3,401 million in 2021, compared with 2020. Total acquisition volumes of receivables (excluding trade and wholesale) and cost of equipment on operating leases increased 16 percent in 2021, compared with 2020. The volume of finance leases, retail notes, and revolving charge accounts increased 33 percent, 26 percent, and 1 percent, respectively. The volume of operating leases decreased 2 percent . During 2021, the wholesale notes and 
 trade receivables portfolios decreased 26 percent and 7 percent, respectively. Total external interest-bearing debt of the financial services operations was 37,978 million at the end of 2021, compared with 35,556 million at the end of 2020 and 38,888 million at the end of 2019. Total external borrowings have changed generally corresponding with the level of the receivable and lease portfolio, the level of cash and cash equivalents, the change in payables owed to Deere Company, and the change in investment from Deere Company. The financial services operations ratio of total interest-bearing debt to total stockholder s equity was 7.8 to 1 at the end of 2021, 7.8 to 1 at the end of 2020, and 8.0 to 1 at the end of 2019. The Capital Corporation has a revolving credit agreement to utilize bank conduit facilities to securitize retail notes (see Note 14). At October 31, 2021, the revolving credit agreement had a total capacity, or financing limit, of up to 2,000 million of secured financings at any time. At October 31, 2021, 1,572 million of short-term securitization borrowings were outstanding under the agreement. At the end of the contractual revolving period, unless the banks and Capital Corporation agree to renew, Capital Corporation would liquidate the secured borrowings over time as payments on the retail notes are collected. The agreement was renewed in November 2021 with an expiration in November 2022 and a capacity of 1,000 million. As a result of the reduced capacity, 511 million of outstanding short-term securitization borrowings were repurchased by the company in November 2021, in addition to the normal monthly collection of payments on the retail notes. During 2021, the financial services operations issued 2,801 million and retired 2,861 million of retail note securitization borrowings, which are presented in Increase (decrease) in total short-term borrowings on the statement of consolidated cash flows. The financial services operations also issued 8,711 million and retired 6,996 million of long-term borrowings in 2021, which were primarily medium-term notes. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES The preparation of the company s consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could have a significant effect on the financial statements. The accounting policies below are those management believes are the most critical to the preparation of the company s financial statements and require the most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. The company s other accounting policies are described in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Sales Incentives In certain markets, the company provides sales incentives to dealers. At the time a sale to a dealer is recognized, the company records an estimate of the future sales incentive costs as a reduction to the sales price. These incentives may be based on a 

34 

Table of Contents 
 dealer s purchase volume, or on retail sales incentive programs for allowances and financing programs that will be due when the dealer sells the equipment to a retail customer. The estimated cost of these programs is based on historical data, announced and expected incentive programs, field inventory levels, and forecasted sales volumes. The final cost of these programs is determined at the end of the measurement period for volume-based incentives or when the dealer sells the equipment to the retail customer. This is due to numerous programs available at any particular time and new programs that may be announced after the company records the equipment sale. Changes in the mix and types of programs affect these estimates, which are reviewed quarterly. The sales incentive accruals at October 31, 2021, November 1, 2020, and November 3, 2019 were 1,680 million, 1,718 million, and 2,033 million, respectively. The total accruals recorded were 880 million, 1,109 million, and 1,443 million in trade accounts and notes receivable net, and 800 million, 609 million, and 590 million in accounts payable and accrued expenses at October 31, 2021, November 1, 2020, and November 3, 2019, respectively. The decrease in 2021 primarily resulted from higher retail demand and the decrease in 2020 primarily related to lower sales volume. The estimation of the retail sales incentive accrual is impacted by many assumptions. One of the key assumptions is the predictive value of the historical percent of retail sales incentive costs to retail sales from dealers. Over the last five fiscal years, this percent has varied by an average of approximately plus or minus .5 percent, compared to the average retail sales incentive costs to retail sales percent during that period. Holding other assumptions constant, if this estimated retail incentive cost experience percent were to increase or decrease .5 percent, the sales incentive accrual at October 31, 2021 would increase or decrease by approximately 31 million. Product Warranties For most equipment and parts sales, the company provides a standard warranty to provide assurance that the equipment will function as intended for a specified period of time. At the time a sale is recognized, the company records the estimated future warranty costs. The company generally determines its total warranty liability by applying historical claims rate experience to the estimated amount of equipment that has been sold and is still under warranty based on dealer inventories and retail sales. The historical claims rate is primarily determined by a review of five-year claims costs and consideration of current quality developments. Variances in claims experience and the type of warranty programs affect these estimates, which are reviewed quarterly. The product warranty accruals, excluding extended warranty unamortized premiums, at October 31, 2021, November 1, 2020, and November 3, 2019 were 1,312 million, 1,105 million, and 1,218 million, respectively. The increase in 2021 primarily related to higher sales volume while the decrease in 2020 mainly related to lower sales volume. Estimates used to determine the product warranty accruals are significantly affected by the historical percent of warranty claims 
 costs to sales. Over the last five fiscal years, this percent has varied by an average of approximately plus or minus .08 percent, compared to the average warranty costs to sales percent during that period. Holding other assumptions constant, if this estimated cost experience percent were to increase or decrease .08 percent, the warranty accrual at October 31, 2021 would increase or decrease by approximately 35 million. Postretirement Benefit Obligations Pension and OPEB, primarily health care and life insurance plans, obligations are based on various assumptions used by the company s actuaries in calculating these amounts. These assumptions include discount rates, health care cost trend rates, expected return on plan assets, compensation increases, retirement rates, mortality rates, and other factors. Actual results that differ from the assumptions and changes in assumptions affect future expenses and obligations. The pension assets, net of pension liabilities, recognized on the balance sheet at October 31, 2021 were 2,665 million. The pension liabilities, net of pension assets, recognized on the balance sheet at November 1, 2020 and November 3, 2019 were 447 million and 226 million, respectively. The increase in the pension net assets in 2021 was primarily due to returns on plan assets. The increase in the pension net liabilities in 2020 was primarily due to decreases in discount rates and interest on the liabilities, largely offset by the return on plan assets. The OPEB liabilities, net of OPEB assets, at October 31, 2021, November 1, 2020, and November 3, 2019 were 3,175 million, 3,892 million, and 4,686 million, respectively. The decrease in OPEB net liabilities in 2021 was due primarily to returns on plan assets and favorable changes to medical assumptions. The decrease in OPEB net liabilities in 2020 was due primarily to contributions to a U.S. OPEB plan. The effect of hypothetical changes to selected assumptions on the company s major U.S. retirement benefit plans would be as follows in millions of dollars: October 31, 2021 2022 Increase Increase Percentage (Decrease) (Decrease) Assumptions Change PBO/APBO Expense Pension Discount rate +/-.5 (812)/930 (42)/45 Expected return on assets +/-.5 (63)/63 OPEB Discount rate +/-.5 (271)/300 (11)/11 Expected return on assets +/-.5 (9)/9 Health care cost trend rate +/-1.0 512/(429) 52/(49) Projected benefit obligation (PBO) for pension plans and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (APBO) for OPEB plans. Pretax impact on service cost, interest cost, and amortization of gains or losses. Goodwill Goodwill is not amortized and is tested for impairment annually and when events or circumstances change such that it is more 

35 

Table of Contents 
 likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is reduced below its carrying amount. The end of the fiscal third quarter is the annual measurement date. To test for goodwill impairment, the carrying value of each reporting unit is compared with its fair value. If the carrying value of the goodwill is considered impaired, a loss is measured as the excess of the reporting unit s carrying value over the fair value, with a limit of the goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. An estimate of the fair value of the reporting unit is determined through a combination of comparable market values for similar businesses and discounted cash flows. These estimates can change significantly based on such factors as the reporting unit s financial performance, economic conditions, interest rates, growth rates, pricing, changes in business strategies, and competition. The company has not identified a reporting unit for which the goodwill was impaired in 2021, 2020, or 2019. For all reporting units, a 10 percent decrease in the estimated fair value would have had no effect on the carrying value of goodwill at the annual measurement date in 2021. Allowance for Credit Losses The allowance for credit losses is an estimate of the credit losses expected over the life of the receivable portfolio. The allowance is measured on a collective basis when similar risk characteristics exist. Risk characteristics considered by the company include finance product category, market, geography, credit risk, and remaining duration. Receivables that do not share risk characteristics with other receivables in the portfolio are evaluated on an individual basis. Non-performing receivables are included in the estimate of expected credit losses. The company utilizes loss forecast models, which are selected based on the size and credit risk of the underlying pool of receivables, to estimate expected credit losses. Transition matrix models are used for large and complex retail customer receivable pools, while weighted average remaining maturity models are used for smaller and less complex retail customer receivable pools. Expected credit losses on wholesale receivables are based on historical loss rates, with consideration of current economic conditions and dealer financial risk. The modeled expected credit losses are adjusted based on reasonable and supportable forecasts, which may include economic indicators such as commodity prices, industry equipment sales, unemployment rates, and housing starts. Management reviews each model s output quarterly, and qualitative adjustments are incorporated as necessary. In 2021, the company adopted ASU No. 2016-13, which revised the measurement of credit losses from an incurred loss to an expected loss methodology. Upon adoption the company s allowance for credit losses increased with an offset to retained earnings (see Note 3). The allowance for credit losses at November 1, 2020 and November 3, 2019 were not restated under the expected loss methodology. The total allowance for credit losses at October 31, 2021, November 1, 2020, and November 3, 2019 was 207 million, 223 million, and 222 million, respectively. The allowance decreased in 2021 compared to 2020 due to lower expected losses 
 in the construction and forestry market, continued improvement in the agriculture and turf market, and better than expected performance of accounts granted payment relief due to the economic effects of COVID. As previously mentioned, the allowance decrease was partially offset by the adoption of ASU No. 2016-13. The allowance was about the same in 2020 compared to 2019 with an increase in the financing receivable allowance largely offset by a decrease in the allowance for trade accounts and notes receivable (see Note 13). The assumptions used in evaluating the company s exposure to credit losses involve estimates and significant judgment. While the company believes its allowance is sufficient to provide for losses over the life of its existing receivable portfolio, different assumptions or changes in economic conditions would result in changes to the allowance for credit losses. Historically, changes in economic conditions have had limited impact on credit losses within the company s wholesale receivable portfolio. Within the retail customer receivables portfolio, credit loss estimates are dependent on a number of factors, including historical portfolio performance, current delinquency levels, and estimated recoveries on defaulted accounts. The company s transition matrix models, which are utilized to estimate credit losses for more than 90 percent of retail customer receivables, use historical portfolio performance and current delinquency levels to forecast future defaults. Estimated recovery rates are applied to the estimated default balance to calculate the expected credit losses. Holding all other factors constant, a 10 percent increase in the transition matrix models forecasted defaults and a simultaneous 10 percent decrease in recovery rates would have resulted in a 34 million increase to the allowance for credit losses at October 31, 2021. Operating Lease Residual Values The carrying value of equipment on operating leases is affected by the estimated fair values of the equipment at the end of the lease (residual values). Upon termination of the lease, the equipment is either purchased by the lessee or sold to a third party, in which case the company may record a gain or a loss for the difference between the estimated residual value and the sale price. The estimated residual values are based on several factors, including lease term, expected hours of usage, historical wholesale sales prices, return experience, intended equipment use, market dynamics and trends, and dealer residual value guarantees. The company reviews residual value estimates during the lease term and tests the carrying value of its operating leases for impairment when events or circumstances necessitate. Changes in residual value assumptions would affect the amount of depreciation expense and the amount of investment in equipment on operating leases. Depreciation is adjusted prospectively on a straight-line basis over the remaining lease term if residual estimates are revised. The total operating lease residual values at October 31, 2021, November 1, 2020, and November 3, 2019 were 5,025 million, 5,254 million, and 5,259 million, respectively. The decreases in 2021 and 2020 primarily related to a lower average operating lease portfolio. 

36 

Table of Contents 
 Estimates used in determining end of lease market values for equipment on operating leases significantly impact the amount and timing of depreciation expense. Hypothetically, if future market values for this equipment were to decrease 10 percent from the company s present estimates and all the equipment on operating leases were returned to the company for remarketing at the end of the lease term, the total effect would be to increase the company s annual depreciation for equipment on operating leases by approximately 80 million, after consideration of dealer residual value guarantees. Income Taxes The company s income tax provision, deferred income tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for uncertain tax benefits represent the company s best estimate of current and future income taxes to be paid. The annual tax rate is based on income tax laws, statutory tax rates, taxable income levels, and tax planning opportunities available in various jurisdictions where the company operates. These tax laws are complex, and require significant judgment to determine the consolidated provision for income taxes. Changes in tax laws, regulations, statutory tax rates, and estimates of the company s future taxable income levels could result in actual realization of deferred taxes being materially different from amounts provided for in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred income taxes represent temporary differences between the tax and the financial reporting basis of assets and liabilities, which will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future. Deferred tax assets also include loss carryforwards and tax credits. These assets are regularly assessed for the likelihood of recoverability from estimated future taxable income, reversal of deferred tax liabilities, and tax planning strategies. To the extent the company determines that it is more likely than not a deferred income tax asset will not be realized, a valuation allowance is established. The recoverability analysis of the deferred income tax assets and the related valuation allowances requires significant judgment and relies on estimates. Uncertain tax positions are determined based on whether it is more likely than not the tax positions will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position. For those positions that meet the more likely than not criteria, an estimate of the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority is recognized. The ultimate resolution of the tax position could take many years and result in a payment that is significantly different from the original estimate. A provision for foreign withholding taxes has not been recorded on undistributed profits of the company s non-U.S. subsidiaries that are determined to be indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. If management intentions change in the future, there may be a significant impact on the provision for income taxes in the period the change occurs. For further information on income taxes, see Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: Statements under Business (including under 
 Market Conditions ), Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis (including under Overview and Trends and Economic Conditions ), and other forward-looking statements herein that relate to future events, expectations, and trends involve factors that are subject to change, and risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Some of these risks and uncertainties could affect particular lines of business, while others could affect all of the company s businesses. The company s agricultural equipment businesses are subject to a number of uncertainties, including certain factors that affect farmers confidence and financial condition. These factors include demand for agricultural products; world grain stocks; weather conditions and the effects of climate change; soil conditions; harvest yields; prices for commodities and livestock; crop and livestock production expenses; availability of transport for crops (including as a result of reduced state and local transportation budgets); trade restrictions and tariffs (e.g., China); global trade agreements; the level of farm product exports (including concerns about genetically modified organisms); the growth and sustainability of non-food uses for some crops (including ethanol and biodiesel production); real estate values; available acreage for farming; land ownership policies of governments; changes in government farm programs and policies; international reaction to such programs; changes in and effects of crop insurance programs; changes in environmental regulations and their impact on farming practices; animal diseases (e.g., African swine fever and their effects on poultry, beef, and pork consumption and prices and on livestock feed demand; crop pests and diseases; and the impact of the COVID pandemic on the agricultural industry including demand for, and production and exports of, agricultural products, and commodity prices. The production and precision agriculture business is dependent on agricultural conditions, and relies in part on hardware and software, guidance, connectivity and digital solutions, and automation and machine intelligence. Many factors contribute to the company s precision agriculture sales and results, including the impact to customers profitability and/or sustainability outcomes; the rate of adoption and use by customers; availability of technological innovations; speed of research and development; effectiveness of partnerships with third parties; and the dealer channel s ability to support and service precision technology solutions. Factors affecting the company s small agriculture and turf equipment operations include agricultural conditions; consumer confidence; weather conditions and the effects of climate change; customer profitability; labor supply; consumer borrowing patterns; consumer purchasing preferences; housing starts and supply; infrastructure investment; spending by municipalities and golf courses; and consumable input costs. Factors affecting the company s construction and forestry equipment operations include consumer spending patterns; real estate and housing prices; the number of housing starts; interest 

37 

Table of Contents 
 rates; commodity prices such as oil and gas; the levels of public and non-residential construction; and investment in infrastructure. Prices for pulp, paper, lumber, and structural panels affect sales of forestry equipment. Many of the factors affecting the production and precision agriculture, small agriculture and turf, and construction and forestry segments have been and may continue to be impacted by global economic conditions, including those resulting from the COVID pandemic and responses to the pandemic taken by governments and other authorities. All of the company s businesses and its results are affected by general economic conditions in the global markets and industries in which the company operates; customer confidence in general economic conditions; government spending and taxing; foreign currency exchange rates and their volatility, especially fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar; interest rates (including the availability of IBOR reference rates); inflation and deflation rates; changes in weather and climate patterns; the political and social stability of the global markets in which the company operates; the effects of, or response to, terrorism and security threats; wars and other conflicts; natural disasters; and the spread of major epidemics or pandemics (including the COVID pandemic) and government and industry responses to such epidemics or pandemics, such as travel restrictions and extended shut downs of businesses. Continued uncertainties related to the magnitude, duration, and persistent effects of the COVID pandemic may significantly adversely affect the company s business and outlook. These uncertainties include, among other things: the duration and impact of the resurgence in COVID cases in any country, state, or region; the emergence, contagiousness, and threat of new and different strains of virus; the availability, acceptance, and effectiveness of vaccines; additional closures as mandated or otherwise made necessary by governmental authorities; disruptions in the supply chain, including those caused by industry capacity constraints, material availability, and global logistics delays and constraints arising from, among other things, the transportation capacity of ocean shipping containers, and a prolonged delay in resumption of operations by one or more key suppliers, or the failure of any key suppliers; an increasingly competitive labor market due to a sustained labor shortage or increased turnover caused by the COVID pandemic; the company s ability to meet commitments to customers on a timely basis as a result of increased costs and supply and transportation challenges; increased logistics costs; additional operating costs due to continued remote working arrangements, adherence to social distancing guidelines, and other COVID - related challenges; increased risk of cyberattacks on network connections used in remote working arrangements; increased privacy-related risks due to processing health-related personal information; legal claims related to personal protective equipment designed, made, or provided by the company or alleged exposure to COVID on company premises; absence of employees due to illness; and the impact of the pandemic on the 
 company s customers and dealers. The sustainability of the economic recovery observed in 2021 remains unclear and significant volatility could continue for a prolonged period. These factors, and others that are currently unknown or considered immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial position . Significant changes in market liquidity conditions, changes in the company s credit ratings, and any failure to comply with financial covenants in credit agreements could impact access to funding and funding costs, which could reduce the company s earnings and cash flows. Financial market conditions could also negatively impact customer access to capital for purchases of the company s products and customer confidence and purchase decisions, financing and repayment practices, and the number and size of customer delinquencies and defaults. A debt crisis in Europe, Latin America, or elsewhere could negatively impact currencies, global financial markets, social and political stability, funding sources and costs, asset and obligation values, customers, suppliers, demand for equipment, and company operations and results. The company s investment management activities could be impaired by changes in the equity, bond, and other financial markets, which would negatively affect earnings. Continued effects of the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union could adversely affect business activity, political stability, and economic conditions in the United Kingdom, the European Union, and elsewhere. The economic conditions and outlook could be further adversely affected by (i) uncertainty regarding any new or modified trade arrangements between the United Kingdom and the European Union and/or other countries; (ii) the risk that one or more other European Union countries could come under increasing pressure to leave the European Union; or (iii) the risk that the euro as the single currency of the eurozone could cease to exist. Any of these developments could affect our businesses, liquidity, results of operations, and financial position. Additional factors that could materially affect the company s operations, access to capital, expenses, and results include changes in, uncertainty surrounding, and the impact of governmental trade, banking, monetary, and fiscal policies, including financial regulatory reform and its effects on the consumer finance industry, derivatives, funding costs, and other areas; the potential default of the U.S. federal government if Congress fails to pass a 2022 budget resolution; governmental programs, policies, and tariffs for the benefit of certain industries or sectors; sanctions in particular jurisdictions; retaliatory actions to such changes in trade, banking, monetary, and fiscal policies; actions by central banks; actions by financial and securities regulators; actions by environmental, health, and safety regulatory agencies, including those related to engine emissions, carbon and other greenhouse gas emissions, noise, and the effects of climate change; changes to GPS radio frequency bands or their permitted uses; changes in labor and immigration regulations; changes to accounting standards; changes in tax rates, estimates, laws, and regulations and 

38 

Table of Contents 
 company actions related thereto; changes to and compliance with privacy, banking, and other regulations; changes to and compliance with economic sanctions and export controls laws and regulations; compliance with U.S. and foreign laws when expanding to new markets and otherwise; and actions by other regulatory bodies. Other factors that could materially affect the company s results include production, design, and technological innovations and difficulties, including capacity and supply constraints and prices; the loss of or challenges to intellectual property rights, whether through theft, infringement, counterfeiting, or otherwise; the availability and prices of strategically sourced materials, components, and whole goods; delays or disruptions in the company s supply chain or the loss of liquidity by suppliers; disruptions of infrastructures that support communications, operations, or distribution; the failure of customers, dealers, suppliers, or the company to comply with laws, regulations, and company policy pertaining to employment, human rights, health, safety, the environment, sanctions, export controls, anti-corruption, privacy and data protection, and other ethical business practices; introduction of legislation that could affect the company s business model and intellectual property, such as right to repair or right to modify; events that damage the company s reputation or brand; significant investigations, claims, lawsuits, or other legal proceedings; start-up of new plants and products; the success of new product initiatives or business strategies; changes in customer product preferences and sales mix; gaps or limitations in rural broadband coverage, capacity, and speed needed to support technology solutions; oil and energy prices, supplies, and volatility; the availability and cost of freight; actions of competitors in the various industries in which the company competes, particularly price discounting; dealer practices, especially as to levels of new and used field inventories; changes in demand and pricing for used equipment and resulting impacts on lease residual values; labor relations and contracts, including work stoppages and other disruptions; changes in the ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified personnel; acquisitions and divestitures of businesses; greater-than-anticipated transaction costs; the integration of new businesses; the failure or delay in closing or realizing anticipated benefits of acquisitions, joint ventures, or divestitures; the inability to deliver precision technology and agricultural solutions to customers; the implementation of the smart industrial operating model and other organizational changes; the failure to realize anticipated savings or benefits of cost reduction, productivity, or efficiency efforts; difficulties related to the conversion and implementation of enterprise resource planning systems; security breaches, cybersecurity attacks, technology failures, and other disruptions to the information technology infrastructure of the company and its suppliers and dealers; security breaches with respect to the company s products; changes in company-declared dividends and common stock issuances and repurchases; changes in the level and funding of employee retirement benefits; changes in market values of investment assets, compensation, retirement, 
 discount, and mortality rates which impact retirement benefit costs; and significant changes in health care costs. The liquidity and ongoing profitability of John Deere Capital Corporation and the company s other financial services subsidiaries depend largely on timely access to capital in order to meet future cash flow requirements, and to fund operations, costs, and purchases of the company s products. If general economic conditions deteriorate or capital markets become more volatile, funding could be unavailable or insufficient. Additionally, customer confidence levels may result in declines in credit applications and increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could materially impact write-offs and provisions for credit losses. The company s forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions relating to the factors described above, which are sometimes based upon estimates and data prepared by government agencies. Such estimates and data are often revised. The company, except as required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new developments or otherwise. Further information concerning the company and its businesses, including factors that could materially affect the company s financial results, is included in the company s other filings with the SEC (including, but not limited to, the factors discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this annual report on Form 10-K and the company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q). SUPPLEMENTAL CONSOLIDATING INFORMATION The supplemental consolidating data presented on the subsequent pages is presented for informational purposes. The equipment operations represents the enterprise without financial services. The equipment operations includes the company s production and precision agriculture operations, small agriculture and turf operations, construction and forestry operations, and other corporate assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses not reflected within financial services. Transactions between the equipment operations and financial services have been eliminated to arrive at the consolidated financial statements. The equipment operations and financial services participate in different industries. The equipment operations primarily generate earnings and cash flows by manufacturing and distributing equipment, service parts, and technology solutions to dealers and retail customers. Financial services primarily finances sales and leases by dealers of new and used equipment that is largely manufactured by the company. Those earnings and cash flows generally are the difference between the finance income received from customer payments less interest expense, and depreciation on equipment subject to an operating lease. The two businesses are capitalized differently and have separate performance metrics. The supplemental consolidating data is also used by management due to these differences. 

39 

Table of Contents 
 SUPPLEMENTAL CONSOLIDATING DATA 

INCOME STATEMENT For the Years Ended October 31, 2021, November 1, 2020, and November 3, 2019 (In millions of dollars) Unaudited EQUIPMENT FINANCIAL OPERATIONS 1 SERVICES ELIMINATIONS CONSOLIDATED 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 Net Sales and Revenues Net sales 39,737 31,272 34,886 39,737 31,272 34,886 Finance and interest income 133 112 118 3,442 3,610 3,735 (279) (272) (360) 3,296 3,450 3,493 2 Other income 941 808 881 352 257 234 (302) (247) (236) 991 818 879 3 Total 40,811 32,192 35,885 3,794 3,867 3,969 (581) (519) (596) 44,024 35,540 39,258 Costs and Expenses Cost of sales 29,119 23,679 26,793 (3) (2) (1) 29,116 23,677 26,792 4 Research and development expenses 1,587 1,644 1,783 1,587 1,644 1,783 Selling, administrative and general expenses 2,887 2,878 3,031 504 606 528 (8) (7) (8) 3,383 3,477 3,551 4 Interest expense 368 329 256 687 942 1,234 (62) (24) (24) 993 1,247 1,466 5 Interest compensation to Financial Services 217 248 336 (217) (248) (336) 5 Other operating expenses 181 278 299 1,453 1,572 1,506 (291) (238) (227) 1,343 1,612 1,578 6 Total 34,359 29,056 32,498 2,644 3,120 3,268 (581) (519) (596) 36,422 31,657 35,170 Income before Income Taxes 6,452 3,136 3,387 1,150 747 701 7,602 3,883 4,088 Provision for income taxes 1,386 899 689 272 183 163 1,658 1,082 852 Income after Income Taxes 5,066 2,237 2,698 878 564 538 5,944 2,801 3,236 Equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated affiliates 18 (50) 20 3 2 1 21 (48) 21 Net Income 5,084 2,187 2,718 881 566 539 5,965 2,753 3,257 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 2 2 4 2 2 4 Net Income Attributable to Deere Company 5,082 2,185 2,714 881 566 539 5,963 2,751 3,253 1 The equipment operations represents the enterprise without financial services. The equipment operations includes the company s production and precision agriculture operations, small agriculture and turf operations, construction and forestry operations, and other corporate assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses not reflected within financial services. 2 Elimination of financial services interest income earned from equipment operations. 3 Elimination of equipment operations margin from inventory transferred to equipment on operating leases (see Note 7). 4 Elimination of intercompany service fees. 5 Elimination of equipment operations interest expense to financial services. 6 Elimination of financial services lease depreciation expense related to inventory transferred to equipment on operating leases. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 SUPPLEMENTAL CONSOLIDATING DATA (continued) 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET As of October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 (In millions of dollars) Unaudited EQUIPMENT FINANCIAL OPERATIONS 1 SERVICES ELIMINATIONS CONSOLIDATED 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents 7,188 6,145 829 921 8,017 7,066 Marketable securities 3 7 725 634 728 641 Receivables from unconsolidated affiliates 5,591 5,290 (5,564) (5,259) 27 31 7 Trade accounts and notes receivable - net 1,155 1,013 3,895 4,238 (842) (1,080) 4,208 4,171 8 Financing receivables - net 73 106 33,726 29,644 33,799 29,750 Financing receivables securitized - net 10 26 4,649 4,677 4,659 4,703 Other receivables 1,602 1,117 159 151 (23) (48) 1,738 1,220 8 Equipment on operating leases - net 6,988 7,298 6,988 7,298 Inventories 6,781 4,999 6,781 4,999 Property and equipment - net 5,783 5,778 37 39 5,820 5,817 Investments in unconsolidated affiliates 153 174 22 19 175 193 Goodwill 3,291 3,081 3,291 3,081 Other intangible assets - net 1,275 1,327 1,275 1,327 Retirement benefits 3,539 859 64 59 (2) (55) 3,601 863 9 Deferred income taxes 1,215 1,763 53 45 (231) (309) 1,037 1,499 10 Other assets 1,493 1,439 477 994 (1) 1,970 2,432 Total Assets 39,152 33,124 51,624 48,719 (6,662) (6,752) 84,114 75,091 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY LIABILITIES Short-term borrowings 1,509 292 9,410 8,290 10,919 8,582 Short-term securitization borrowings 10 26 4,595 4,656 4,605 4,682 Payables to unconsolidated affiliates 143 104 5,564 5,260 (5,564) (5,259) 143 105 7 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 11,055 9,114 2,015 2,127 (865) (1,129) 12,205 10,112 8 Deferred income taxes 438 385 369 443 (231) (309) 576 519 10 Long-term borrowings 8,915 10,124 23,973 22,610 32,888 32,734 Retirement benefits and other liabilities 4,239 5,366 107 102 (2) (55) 4,344 5,413 9 Total liabilities 26,309 25,411 46,033 43,488 (6,662) (6,752) 65,680 62,147 Commitments and contingencies (Note 21) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Total Deere Company stockholders equity 18,431 12,937 5,591 5,231 (5,591) (5,231) 18,431 12,937 11 Noncontrolling interests 3 7 3 7 Financial Services equity (5,591) (5,231) 5,591 5,231 11 Adjusted total stockholders equity 12,843 7,713 5,591 5,231 18,434 12,944 Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 39,152 33,124 51,624 48,719 (6,662) (6,752) 84,114 75,091 1 The equipment operations represents the enterprise without financial services. The equipment operations includes the company s production and precision agriculture operations, small agriculture and turf operations, construction and forestry operations, and other corporate assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses not reflected within financial services. 7 Elimination of receivables / payables between equipment operations and financial services. 8 Reclassification of sales incentive accruals on receivables sold to financial services. 9 Reclassification of net pension assets / liabilities. 10 Reclassification of deferred tax assets / liabilities in the same taxing jurisdictions. 11 Elimination of financial services equity. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 SUPPLEMENTAL CONSOLIDATING DATA (continued) 

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS For the Years Ended October 31, 2021, November 1, 2020, and November 3, 2019 (In millions of dollars) Unaudited EQUIPMENT FINANCIAL OPERATIONS 1 SERVICES ELIMINATIONS CONSOLIDATED 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income 5,084 2,187 2,718 881 566 539 5,965 2,753 3,257 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision (credit) for credit losses 7 5 14 (13) 105 29 (6) 110 43 Provision for depreciation and amortization 1,043 1,016 1,015 1,140 1,227 1,135 (133) (125) (131) 2,050 2,118 2,019 12 Impairment charges 50 162 32 77 50 194 77 Share-based compensation expense 82 81 82 82 81 82 13 Loss on sale of businesses and unconsolidated affiliates 24 5 24 5 Undistributed earnings of unconsolidated affiliates 560 381 437 (3) (2) (2) (555) (386) (426) 2 (7) 9 14 Provision (credit) for deferred income taxes (369) 105 (222) (72) (116) (243) (441) (11) (465) Changes in assets and liabilities: Trade, notes, and financing receivables related to sales (105) 373 (142) 1,074 1,636 (727) 969 2,009 (869) 15, 17, 18 Inventories (1,835) 1,011 (102) (662) (614) (678) (2,497) 397 (780) 16 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 1,589 (331) 13 57 (1) 163 238 325 (130) 1,884 (7) 46 17 Accrued income taxes payable/receivable 13 (14) (355) (2) 22 528 11 8 173 Retirement benefits 30 (544) (235) (1) 7 2 29 (537) (233) Other (167) 385 54 (22) 136 190 (183) (170) (196) (372) 351 48 12, 13, 16 Net cash provided by operating activities 5,900 4,760 3,200 1,965 1,976 2,418 (139) 747 (2,206) 7,726 7,483 3,412 Cash Flows from Investing Activities Collections of receivables (excluding receivables related to sales) 20,527 18,829 18,190 (1,568) (1,448) (1,484) 18,959 17,381 16,706 15 Proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities 4 12 105 93 77 109 93 89 Proceeds from sales of equipment on operating leases 2,094 1,783 1,648 2,094 1,783 1,648 Proceeds from sales of businesses and unconsolidated affiliates, net of cash sold 93 93 Cost of receivables acquired (excluding receivables related to sales) (25,305) (21,360) (20,321) 1,652 1,395 1,448 (23,653) (19,965) (18,873) 15 Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired (244) (66) (244) (66) Purchases of marketable securities (4) (3) (194) (126) (137) (194) (130) (140) Purchases of property and equipment (845) (816) (1,118) (3) (4) (2) (848) (820) (1,120) Cost of equipment on operating leases acquired (2,627) (2,666) (3,246) 895 830 917 (1,732) (1,836) (2,329) 16 Decrease (increase) in trade and wholesale receivables 1,364 1,999 (935) (1,364) (1,999) 935 15 Collateral on derivatives - net (7) (6) (274) 274 59 (281) 268 59 Other 58 (99) 27 5 (38) (54) (23) 110 (30) 40 (27) (57) 14, 18 Net cash used for investing activities (1,034) (991) (989) (4,308) (1,216) (4,721) (408) (1,112) 1,786 (5,750) (3,319) (3,924) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Increase (decrease) in total short-term borrowings 65 (177) (149) 753 (1,183) (768) 818 (1,360) (917) Change in intercompany receivables/payables (354) (3,207) (305) 354 3,207 305 Proceeds from long-term borrowings 11 4,586 1,348 8,711 4,685 8,638 8,722 9,271 9,986 Payments of long-term borrowings (94) (607) (972) (6,996) (6,776) (5,454) (7,090) (7,383) (6,426) Proceeds from issuance of common stock 148 331 178 148 331 178 Repurchases of common stock (2,538) (750) (1,253) (2,538) (750) (1,253) Dividends paid (1,040) (956) (943) (555) (386) (427) 555 386 427 (1,040) (956) (943) 14 Other (61) (105) (79) (29) (7) (30) (8) (21) (7) (98) (133) (116) 14 Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities (3,863) (885) (2,175) 2,238 (460) 2,264 547 365 420 (1,078) (980) 509 Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 41 76 (42) 14 (44) (14) 55 32 (56) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 1,044 2,960 (6) (91) 256 (53) 953 3,216 (59) Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash at Beginning of Year 6,156 3,196 3,202 1,016 760 813 7,172 3,956 4,015 Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash at End of Year 7,200 6,156 3,196 925 1,016 760 8,125 7,172 3,956 1 The equipment operations represents the enterprise without financial services. The equipment operations includes the company s production and precision agriculture operations, small agriculture and turf operations, construction and forestry operations, and other corporate assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses not reflected within financial services. 12 Elimination of depreciation on leases related to inventory transferred to equipment on operating leases (see Note 7). 13 Reclassification of share-based compensation expense. 14 Elimination of dividends from financial services to the equipment operations, which are included in the equipment operations net cash provided by operating activities, and capital investments in financial services from the equipment operations. 15 Primarily reclassification of receivables related to the sale of equipment. 16 Reclassification of direct lease agreements with retail customers. 17 Reclassification of sales incentive accruals on receivables sold to financial services 18 Elimination and reclassification of the effects of financial services partial financing of the construction and forestry retail locations sales and subsequent collection of those amounts (see Note 4). 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT MARKET RISK INFORMATION The company is naturally exposed to various interest rate and foreign currency risks. As a result, the company enters into derivative transactions to manage certain of these exposures that arise in the normal course of business and not for the purpose of creating speculative positions or trading. The company s financial services operations manage the relationship of the types and amounts of their funding sources to their receivable and lease portfolio in an effort to diminish risk due to interest rate and foreign currency fluctuations while responding to favorable financing opportunities. In addition, the company has interest rate exposure at certain equipment operations units for below market retail financing programs that are used as sales incentives and are offered for extended periods. Accordingly, from time to time, these operations enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage their interest rate exposure. The company also has foreign currency exposures at some of its foreign and domestic operations related to buying, selling, and financing in currencies other than the functional currencies. The company has entered into agreements related to the management of these foreign currency transaction risks. Interest Rate Risk Quarterly, the company uses a combination of cash flow models to assess the sensitivity of its financial instruments with interest rate exposure to changes in market interest rates. The models calculate the effect of adjusting interest rates as follows: cash flows for financing receivables are discounted at the current prevailing rate for each receivable portfolio, cash flows for marketable securities are primarily discounted at the applicable benchmark yield curve plus market credit spreads, cash flows for unsecured borrowings are discounted at the applicable benchmark yield curve plus market credit spreads for similarly rated borrowers, cash flows for securitized borrowings are discounted at the swap yield curve plus a market credit spread for similarly rated borrowers, and cash flows for interest rate swaps are projected and discounted using forward rates from the swap yield curve at the repricing dates. The net loss in these financial instruments fair values which would be caused by increasing the interest rates by 10 percent from the market rates at October 31, 2021 would have been approximately 19 million. The net loss from increasing the interest rates by 10 percent at November 1, 2020 would have been approximately 50 million. 
 Foreign Currency Risk In the equipment operations, the company s practice is to hedge significant currency exposures. Worldwide foreign currency exposures are reviewed quarterly. Based on the equipment operations anticipated and committed foreign currency cash inflows, outflows, and hedging policy for the next twelve months, the company estimates that a hypothetical 10 percent strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies through 2022 would decrease the 2022 expected net cash inflows by approximately 113 million. At November 1, 2020, a hypothetical 10 percent strengthening of the U.S. dollar under similar assumptions and calculations indicated a potential 90 million adverse effect on the 2021 net cash inflows. In the financial services operations, the company s policy is to manage foreign currency risk through hedging strategies if the currency of the borrowings does not match the currency of the receivable portfolio. As a result, a hypothetical 10 percent adverse change in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to all other foreign currencies would not have a material effect on the financial services cash flows. 

43 

Table of Contents 
 DEERE COMPANY STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED INCOM E For the Years Ended October 31, 2021, November 1, 2020, and November 3, 2019 (In millions of dollars and shares except per share amounts) 

2021 2020 2019 Net Sales and Revenues Net sales Finance and interest income Other income Total Costs and Expenses Cost of sales Research and development expenses Selling, administrative and general expenses Interest expense Other operating expenses Total Income of Consolidated Group before Income Taxes Provision for income taxes Income of Consolidated Group Equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated affiliates ) Net Income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net Income Attributable to Deere Company Per Share Data Basic Diluted Dividends declared Average Shares Outstanding Basic Diluted The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 DEERE COMPANY STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE IN COME For the Years Ended October 31, 2021, November 1, 2020, and November 3, 2019 (In millions of dollars) 

2021 2020 2019 Net Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Income Taxes Retirement benefits adjustment ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment ) Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives ) Unrealized gain (loss) on debt securities ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Income Taxes ) Comprehensive Income of Consolidated Group Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive Income Attributable to Deere Company The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 DEERE COMPANY CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET As of October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 (In millions of dollars) 

2021 2020 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Receivables from unconsolidated affiliates Trade accounts and notes receivable - net Financing receivables - net Financing receivables securitized - net Other receivables Equipment on operating leases - net Inventories Property and equipment - net Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Goodwill Other intangible assets - net Retirement benefits Deferred income taxes Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY LIABILITIES Short-term borrowings Short-term securitization borrowings Payables to unconsolidated affiliates Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred income taxes Long-term borrowings Retirement benefits and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 21) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Common stock, par value (authorized shares; issued shares in 2021 and 2020), at paid-in amount Common stock in treasury, shares in 2021 and shares in 2020, at cost ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total Deere Company stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 DEERE COMPANY STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED CASH F LOWS For the Years Ended October 31, 2021, November 1, 2020, and November 3, 2019 (In millions of dollars) 2021 2020 2019 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision (credit) for credit losses ) Provision for depreciation and amortization Impairment charges Share-based compensation expense Loss on sales of businesses and unconsolidated affiliates Undistributed earnings of unconsolidated affiliates ) Credit for deferred income taxes ) ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Trade, notes, and financing receivables related to sales ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Accrued income taxes payable/receivable Retirement benefits ) ) Other ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Collections of receivables (excluding receivables related to sales) Proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities Proceeds from sales of equipment on operating leases Proceeds from sales of businesses and unconsolidated affiliates, net of cash sold Cost of receivables acquired (excluding receivables related to sales) ) ) ) Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Cost of equipment on operating leases acquired ) ) ) Collateral on derivatives - net ) Other ) ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Increase (decrease) in total short-term borrowings ) ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings Payments of long-term borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash ) Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash at Beginning of Year Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash at End of Year The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 DEERE COMPANY STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN CONSOLIDATED STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY For the Years Ended November 3, 2019, November 1, 2020, and October 31, 2021 (In millions of dollars) Total Stockholders Equity Deere Company Stockholders Accumulated Total Other Redeemable Stockholders Common Treasury Retained Comprehensive Noncontrolling Noncontrolling Equity Stock Stock Earnings Income (Loss) Interests Interest Balance October 28, 2018 ) ) ASU No. 2016-01 adoption ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Treasury shares reissued Dividends declared ) ) ) Stock options and other ) Balance November 3, 2019 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Repurchases of common stock ) ) Treasury shares reissued Dividends declared ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest redemption (Note 5) ) Stock options and other ) Balance November 1, 2020 ) ) ASU No. 2016-13 adoption (Note 3) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Repurchases of common stock ) ) Treasury shares reissued Dividends declared ) ) ) Stock options and other ) Balance October 31, 2021 ) ) The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 48 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Fiscal Year weeks compared to weeks in fiscal year 2019. Unless otherwise stated, 
 Wirtgen Reporting Lag Removal Prior to November 2, 2020, the operating results of the Wirtgen Group (Wirtgen) were incorporated into the company s consolidated financial statements using a one-month lag period. In 2021, the reporting lag was eliminated resulting in one additional month of Wirtgen activity in fiscal year 2021. The effect was an increase to Net sales of million, which the company considers immaterial to construction and forestry s annual net sales. Prior period results were not restated. Variable Interest Entities The company consolidates certain VIEs related to retail note securitizations (see Note 14). The company also has an interest in a joint venture that manufactures construction equipment in Indaiatuba, Brazil for local and overseas markets. The joint venture is a VIE; however, the company is not the primary beneficiary. Therefore, the entity s financial results are not fully consolidated in the company s consolidated financial statements but are included on the equity basis. In 2020, the investment in the joint venture was impaired. The maximum exposure to loss was million and million at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. On August 19, 2021, the company announced the dissolution of the joint venture with Hitachi Construction Machinery Co., Ltd. and the purchase of the shares in the relevant joint venture manufacturing entities, including the above referenced factory in Indaiatuba, Brazil. Refer to Note 4 for more details. Argentina The company has equipment operations and financial services operations in Argentina. The U.S. dollar has historically been the functional currency for the company s Argentina operations, as its business is generally indexed to the U.S. dollar due to the highly inflationary conditions. The Argentine government has certain capital and currency controls that restrict the company s ability to access U.S. dollars in Argentina and remit earnings from its Argentine operations. As of October 31, 2021, the company s net investment in Argentina was approximately million. The company s net investment in its Argentine operations is likely to increase as Deere generates net income that is unable to be remitted. Net sales and revenues from the company s Argentine operations represented approximately percent of consolidated net sales and revenues for 2021. The company has employed mechanisms to convert Argentine pesos into U.S. dollars to the extent possible. The net peso exposure as of October 31, 2021 was approximately million. Argentine peso-denominated monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured at each balance sheet date using the official currency exchange rate. 

49 

Table of Contents 
 Revenue Recognition for most equipment. Interest-free periods may not be extended. Interest is primarily charged to dealers on outstanding balances, from the earlier of the date when goods are sold to a retail customer by the dealer or the expiration of the interest-free period granted at the time of the sale to the dealer, 
 year or less. Service parts and certain attachments returns are estimable and accrued at the time a sale is recognized. The estimated returns are recorded in Other assets for the inventory value of estimated returns, adjusted for restocking fees. The estimated dealer refund liability, adjusted for restocking fees, is recorded in Accounts payable and accrued expenses. The estimated returns are based on historical return rates, current dealer inventory levels, and current economic conditions. The company remanufactures used engines and components (cores) that are sold to dealers and retail customers for maintenance and repair parts. Revenue for remanufactured components is recognized using the same criteria as other parts sales. When a remanufactured part is sold, the company collects a deposit that is repaid if the customer returns a core that meets certain specifications within a defined time period. The deposit received from the customer is recognized as a liability in Accounts payable and accrued expenses and the used component that is expected to be returned is recognized in Other assets in the consolidated balance sheet. When a customer returns a core, the deposit is repaid, the liability reversed, and the returned core is recorded in inventory to be remanufactured and sold to another customer. If a core is not returned within the required time, the deposit is recognized as revenue in Net sales, and the estimated core return is recorded as an expense in Cost of sales in the statement of consolidated income. Certain equipment is sold with precision guidance, telematics, and other information gathering and analyzing capabilities. These technology solutions require hardware, software, and may include an obligation to provide services for a period of time. These solutions are generally bundled with the sale of the equipment but can also be purchased or renewed separately. The revenue related to the hardware and embedded software is generally recognized at the time of the equipment sale and recorded in Net sales in the statement of consolidated income. The revenue for the future services is generally deferred and recognized over the service period. The deferred revenue is recorded as a contract liability in Accounts payable and accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheet and is recognized in Other income with the 

50 

Table of Contents 
 Product Warranties claims costs with consideration of current quality developments. The company also offers extended warranty arrangements for purchase at the customer s option. The premiums for extended warranties are recognized in Other income in the statement of consolidated income primarily in proportion to the costs expected to be incurred over the contract period. The unamortized extended warranty premiums (deferred revenue) are recorded in Accounts payable and accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheet (see Note 21). Sales and Transaction Taxes Contract Costs year or less. 
 Advertising Costs million in 2021, million in 2020, and million in 2019. Depreciation and Amortization Securitization of Receivables Receivables and Allowances 

51 

Table of Contents 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill, and Other Intangible Assets Derivative Financial Instruments 
 Foreign Currency Translation million, million, and ) million, respectively. , Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which establishes Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses. This ASU was adopted using a modified-retrospective approach. The ASU, along with related amendments, revised the measurement of credit losses for financial assets measured at amortized cost from an incurred loss to an expected loss methodology. The ASU affects receivables, debt securities, net investment in leases, and most other financial assets that represent a right to receive cash. The company holds deposits from dealers (dealer deposits), which are recorded in Accounts payable and accrued expenses to absorb certain credit losses. Prior to adopting this ASU, the allowance for credit losses was estimated on probable credit losses incurred after consideration of recoveries from dealer deposits. The ASU considers dealer deposits and certain credit insurance contracts as freestanding credit enhancements. As a result, after adoption, credit losses recovered from dealer deposits and certain credit insurance contracts are presented in Other income and no longer as part of the allowance for credit losses or the provision for credit losses. The ASU also modified the treatment of the estimated write-off of delinquent receivables by no longer including the estimated benefit of charges to the dealer deposits in the write-off amount. This change increases the estimated write-offs on delinquent financing receivables with the benefit of credit losses recovered from dealer deposits presented in Other income. This benefit, in both situations, is recorded when the dealer deposits are charged and no longer based on estimated recoveries. 

52 

Table of Contents 
 Financing receivables - net ) Financing receivables securitized - net ) Deferred income taxes Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred income taxes ) Stockholders equity Retained earnings ) Note 13 contains additional disclosures, while the company s updated allowance for credit losses accounting policy is included in Note 2 and the MD A s Critical Accounting Estimates. The company also adopted the following standards in 2021, none of which had a material effect on the company s consolidated financial statements: 

Accounting Standards Updates Customer s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract, which amends ASC 350-40, Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses, Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and Topic 825, Financial Instruments Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope New Accounting Standards to be Adopted The company will adopt the following standards in future periods, none of which are expected to have a material effect on the company s consolidated financial statements: 

Accounting Standards Updates Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes, which amends ASC 740, Income Taxes Codification Improvements to Subtopic 310-20, Receivables Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs 
 million for the shares and an intellectual property license. The cash consideration will be offset by cash acquired and the settlement of intercompany balances. The company will also assume substantially all liabilities and debt of the joint venture entities. In addition to the foregoing payments, Hitachi will pay the book value of certain pre-existing inventory. Following the Termination, the company will purchase John Deere-branded excavators, components, and service parts from Hitachi under a new supply agreement with a duration that ranges from 5 to . The company will also continue to manufacture 10-50 metric ton John Deere-branded excavators. The Termination is expected to close during the first half of fiscal year 2022, subject to the receipt of certain required regulatory approvals and satisfaction of certain other customary closing conditions. The company expects to fund the initial consideration and the transaction expenses from cash on hand. Acquisitions Bear Flag million, was million, with an additional million to be recognized as compensation expense over the post-acquisition service period. In addition to the cash purchase price, million of liabilities were assumed. The preliminary asset and liability fair values at the acquisition date in millions of dollars follow: 

August 2021 Property and equipment Goodwill Other intangible assets Total assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred income taxes Total liabilities The identified intangible was related to technology with a amortization period. The goodwill will not be deductible for tax purposes. 

53 

Table of Contents 
 million, was million, with million funded to an escrow to secure certain indemnity obligations. In addition to the cash purchase price, million of liabilities were assumed. The asset and liability fair values at the acquisition date in millions of dollars follow: 

September 2020 Trade accounts and notes receivable Other receivables Inventories Property and equipment Goodwill Other intangible assets Total assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred income taxes Total liabilities The identified intangibles were primarily related to customer relationships, trade name, and a non-compete agreement. The weighted-average amortization period is approximately . The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. For the acquisitions, the goodwill was the result of future cash flows and related fair value exceeding the fair value of the identified assets and liabilities. The results of these operations have been included in the company s consolidated financial statements in the production and precision agriculture operating segment and the pro forma results of operations as if these acquisitions had occurred at the beginning of the current or comparative fiscal year would not differ significantly from the reported results. Dispositions In September 2020, the company sold its German lawn mower business. At the time of the sale, total assets were million, which were recorded in Other assets, and total liabilities were million, which were recorded in Accounts payable and accrued expenses. cash proceeds were received, resulting in a loss on sale, including transaction costs, of million pretax and after-tax . The loss was recorded with a pretax and after-tax accrual recognized in the third quarter of 2020 when a definitive sale agreement was finalized. The loss was recorded in Other operating expenses in the small agriculture and turf segment. 
 million consisting of inventory of million, property and equipment net of million, other assets of million, and goodwill of million. The liabilities consisted of million of accounts payable and accrued expenses. In addition, the company accrued million for transaction expenses and related costs. The total proceeds from the sale were approximately million, with million received in 2019. The remaining sales price was due based on standard payment terms of new equipment sales to independent dealers and separately negotiated terms ranging from to . A pretax loss of approximately million was recorded in Other operating expenses in the construction and forestry segment. For the retail location disposition, the company sells equipment, service parts, and provides other services to the purchaser as an independent dealer. million pretax gain. The fixed assets in an asphalt plant factory in Germany were impaired by million, pretax and after-tax . The company also continued to assess its manufacturing locations, resulting in additional long-lived asset impairments of million pretax. The impairments were the result of a decline in forecasted financial performance that indicated it was probable future cash flows would not cover the carrying amount of the net assets. The company recognized a favorable indirect tax ruling in Brazil of million pretax. See Note 26 for fair value measurement information. 

Expense (benefit): PPA SAT CF Total Gain on sale Other income ) ) Long-lived asset impairments Cost of sales Brazil indirect tax Cost of sales ) ) ) Total pretax expense (benefit) ) ) ) 

54 

Table of Contents 
 Long-lived asset impairments: Cost of sales SA G expenses Other operating expenses Affiliate company impairments Equity in loss of unconsolidated affiliates Total pretax impairments and closure costs In the fourth quarter of 2019, the company recorded non-cash charges in Other operating expenses of approximately million pretax for the impairment of equipment on operating leases and approximately million pretax on matured operating lease inventory recorded in Other assets. The impairment was the result of lower estimated values of used agriculture and construction equipment than originally estimated with the probable effect that the future cash flows would not cover the carrying amount of the net assets. The assets are part of the financial services operations (see Note 26). Employee-Separation Programs During 2020, the company implemented employee-separation programs for the company s salaried workforce in several geographic areas, including the U.S., Europe, Asia, and Latin America. The programs main purpose was to improve efficiency through a leaner, more flexible organization. The programs were largely voluntary in nature with the expense recorded primarily in the period in which the employees irrevocably accepted a separation offer. For the limited involuntary employee-separation programs, the expense was recorded when management committed to a plan, the plan was communicated to the employees, and the employees were not required to provide service beyond the legal notification period. The programs provided for cash payments based on years of service, and in some countries subsidized healthcare for a limited period and outplacement services. 
 Research and development expenses Selling, administrative and general expenses Total operating profit impact Non-operating profit impact Total pretax expense Relates primarily to non-cash charges of million from curtailments in certain OPEB plans (see Note 8) and other corporate expenses, both of which were recorded outside of operating profit . Approximately million of the curtailment charge was recorded by financial services. Research and development expenses Selling, administrative and general expenses Total pretax expense Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest In 2020, the minority interest holder in Hagie Manufacturing Company, LLC exercised its right to sell the remaining percent interest to the company for million. The arrangement was accounted for as an equity transaction with gain or loss recorded in the statement of consolidated income. This operation is included in the company s production and precision agriculture segment. 

55 

Table of Contents 
 Canada Western Europe Central Europe and CIS Latin America Asia, Africa, Australia, New Zealand, and Middle East Total Major product lines: Production agriculture Small agriculture Turf Construction Compact construction Roadbuilding Forestry Financial products Other Total Revenue recognized: At a point in time Over time Total 
 Canada Western Europe Central Europe and CIS Latin America Asia, Africa, Australia, New Zealand, and Middle East Total Major product lines: Production agriculture Small agriculture Turf Construction Compact construction Roadbuilding Forestry Financial products Other Total Revenue recognized: At a point in time Over time Total 

PPA SAT CF FS Total 2019 Primary geographic markets: United States Canada Western Europe Central Europe and CIS Latin America Asia, Africa, Australia, New Zealand, and Middle East Total Major product lines: Production agriculture Small agriculture Turf Construction Compact construction Roadbuilding Forestry Financial products Other Total Revenue recognized: At a point in time Over time Total 

56 

Table of Contents 
 Following is a description of the company s major product lines: Production Agriculture Includes net sales of large and certain mid-size tractors and associated attachments, combines, cotton pickers, cotton strippers, sugarcane harvesters, sugarcane loaders and pull behind scrapers, tillage, seeding, and application equipment, including sprayers and nutrient management and soil preparation machinery, and related attachments and service parts. Small Agriculture Includes net sales of mid-size and utility tractors, self-propelled forage harvesters, hay and forage equipment, balers, mowers, and related attachments and service parts. Turf Includes net sales of turf and utility equipment, including riding lawn equipment, golf course equipment, utility vehicles, and commercial mowing equipment, along with a broad line of associated implements, other outdoor power products, and related attachments and service parts. Construction Includes net sales of a broad range of machines used in construction, earthmoving, and material handling, including backhoe loaders, crawler dozers and loaders, four-wheel-drive loaders, excavators, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, and related attachments and service parts. Compact Construction Includes net sales of smaller construction equipment, including compact excavators, compact track loaders, compact wheel loaders, skid steers, landscape loaders, and related attachments and service parts. Roadbuilding Includes net sales of equipment used in roadbuilding and renovation, including milling machines, recyclers, slipform pavers, surface miners, asphalt pavers, compactors, tandem and static rollers, mobile crushers and screens, mobile and stationary asphalt plants, and related attachments and service parts. Forestry Includes net sales of equipment used in timber harvesting, including log skidders, feller bunchers, log loaders, log forwarders, log harvesters, and related attachments and service parts. Financial Products Includes finance and interest income primarily from retail notes related to sales of John Deere equipment to retail customers, wholesale financing to dealers of John Deere equipment, and revolving charge accounts; lease income from retail leases of John Deere equipment; and revenue from extended warranties. Other Includes sales of components to other equipment manufacturers that are included in Net sales and revenue earned over time from precision guidance, telematics, and other information enabled solutions, revenue from service performed at company owned dealerships and service centers, gains on disposition of property and businesses, trademark licensing revenue, and other miscellaneous revenue items that are included in Other income. The company invoices in advance of recognizing the sale of certain products and the revenue for certain services. These items are 
 million and million at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. The contract liability is reduced as the revenue is recognized. Revenue recognized from deferred revenue that was recorded as a contract liability at the beginning of the fiscal year was million in 2021, million in 2020, and million in 2019. The amount of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original duration greater than one year is million at October 31, 2021. The estimated revenue to be recognized by fiscal year follows in millions of dollars: 2022 - , 2023 - , 2024 - , 2025 - , 2026 - , and later years - . As permitted, the company elected only to disclose remaining performance obligations with an original contract duration greater than one year. The contracts with an expected duration of one year or less are generally for sales to dealers and retail customers for equipment, service parts, repair services, and certain telematics services. The equipment operations sell a significant portion of their trade receivables to financial services. These intercompany cash flows are eliminated in the consolidated cash flows. All cash flows from the changes in trade accounts and notes receivable (see Note 13) are classified as operating activities in the statement of consolidated cash flows as these receivables arise from sales to the company s customers. Cash flows from financing receivables that are related to sales to the company s customers (see Note 13) are also included in operating activities. The remaining financing receivables are related to the financing of equipment sold by independent dealers and are included in investing activities. The company had the following non-cash operating and investing activities that were not included in the statement of consolidated cash flows. The company transferred inventory to equipment on operating leases of million, million, and million in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. The company also had accounts payable related to purchases of property and equipment of million, million, and million at October 31, 2021, November 1, 2020, and November 3, 2019, respectively. 

57 

Table of Contents 
 Financial services Total The restricted cash, recorded in Other assets in the consolidated balance sheet, primarily relates to securitization of financing receivables (see Note 14). Financial services Intercompany eliminations ) ) ) Consolidated Income taxes: Equipment operations Financial services ) Intercompany eliminations ) ) Consolidated Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss Amortization of prior service cost Settlements/curtailments Net cost Weighted-average assumptions Discount rates - service cost Discount rates - interest cost Rate of compensation increase Expected long-term rates of return Interest crediting rate - U.S. cash balance plan 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) Curtailments Net cost Weighted-average assumptions Discount rates - service cost Discount rates - interest cost Expected long-term rates of return The 2020 OPEB curtailments were a result of the employee-separation programs (see Note 5). Retirement benefit adjustments included in other comprehensive (income) loss: Net actuarial (gain) loss ) Amortization of actuarial loss ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Total (gain) loss recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss ) Total recognized in comprehensive (income) loss ) 

58 

Table of Contents 
 Retirement benefit adjustments included in other comprehensive (income) loss: Net actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit Total (gain) loss recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss ) ) Total recognized in comprehensive (income) loss ) ) ) ) Service cost ) ) ) ) Interest cost ) ) ) ) Actuarial gain (loss) ) Benefits paid Health care subsidies ) ) Settlements/curtailments Foreign exchange and other ) ) ) End of year balance ) ) ) ) Change in plan assets (fair value) Beginning of year balance Actual return on plan assets Employer contribution Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Settlements ) Foreign exchange and other End of year balance Funded status ) ) ) Weighted-average assumptions Discount rates Rate of compensation increase Interest crediting rate - U.S. cash balance plan The company remeasured the U.S. hourly pension plan as of November 30, 2021 due to the new collective bargaining agreement, which decreased the plan s funded status and increased pension expense in 2022. See Note 29 for more information. The actuarial gain for pension for 2021 was primarily due to an increase in discount rates. The actuarial gain for OPEB for 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in health care trend rates, favorable mortality assumptions, and an increase in discount rates. The actuarial loss for pension for 2020 was primarily due to a decrease in discount rates partially offset by favorable mortality 
 Current liability ) ) ) ) Noncurrent liability ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income pretax Net actuarial loss Prior service cost (credit) ) ) Total The total accumulated benefit obligations for all pension plans at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, were million and million, respectively. The accumulated benefit obligations and fair value of plan assets for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were million and million, respectively, at October 31, 2021 and million and million, respectively, at November 1, 2020. The projected benefit obligations and fair value of plan assets for pension plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were million and million, respectively, at October 31, 2021 and million and million, respectively, at November 1, 2020. million in 2021 and million in 2020, which included both required and voluntary contributions and direct benefit payments. The voluntary contributions to plan assets were million in 2020. 

59 

Table of Contents 
 The company expects to contribute approximately million to its pension plans and approximately million to its OPEB plans in 2022. Fiscal year 2022 OPEB contributions include a voluntary contribution of million to a U.S. plan made on November 30, 2021 (see Note 29), which will increase plan assets. The pension and OPEB contributions exceeding the voluntary amounts primarily include direct benefit payments from company funds. The company has no significant required contributions to U.S. pension plan assets in 2022 under applicable funding regulations. 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 to 2031 Net of prescription drug group benefit subsidy under Medicare Part D. The annual rates of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care benefits (the health care cost trend rates) used to determine accumulated postretirement benefit obligations were based on the trends for medical and prescription drug claims for pre- and post-65 age groups due to the effects of Medicare. For the 2021 obligation, the weighted-average composite trend rates were assumed to be a percent increase from 2021 to 2022, followed by an increase of percent from 2022 to 2023, gradually decreasing to from 2028 to 2029 and all future years. The lower estimated increase from 2021 to 2022 resulted from a decrease in Medicare Advantage premiums. The 2020 obligations and the cost in 2021 assumed a percent increase from 2020 to 2021, followed by an increase of percent from 2021 to 2022, gradually decreasing to percent from 2027 to 2028 and all future years. The lower estimated increase from 2020 to 2021 resulted from the SECURE Act that repealed the health insurance provider fee effective in 2021. Fair value measurement levels in the following tables are defined in Note 26. 
 Equity: U.S. equity securities International equity securities and funds Fixed Income: Government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Mortgage-backed securities Real estate investment trusts Derivative contracts - assets Derivative contracts - liabilities ) ) ) Receivables, payables, and other ) ) Securities lending collateral Securities lending liability ) ) ) Securities sold short ) ) ) Total of Level 1 and Level 2 assets Investments at net asset value: Short-term investments U.S. equity funds International equity funds Fixed income funds Real estate funds Hedge funds Private equity Venture capital Other investments Total net assets The fair values of the health care assets at October 31, 2021 follow in millions of dollars: 

Total Level 1 Level 2 Cash and short-term investments Equity securities and funds Fixed Income: Government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Mortgage-backed securities Securities lending collateral Securities lending liability ) ) ) Securities sold short ) ) Total of Level 1 and Level 2 assets Investments at net asset value: Short-term investments U.S. equity funds International equity funds Fixed income funds Real estate funds Hedge funds Private equity Venture capital Other investments Total net assets 

60 

Table of Contents 
 Equity: U.S. equity securities International equity securities Fixed Income: Government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Mortgage-backed securities Real estate investment trusts Derivative contracts - assets Derivative contracts - liabilities ) ) ) Receivables, payables, and other ) ) Securities lending collateral Securities lending liability ) ) ) Securities sold short ) ) ) Total of Level 1 and Level 2 assets Investments at net asset value: Short-term investments U.S. equity funds International equity funds Fixed income funds Real estate funds Hedge funds Private equity Venture capital Other investments Total net assets The fair values of the health care assets at November 1, 2020 follow in millions of dollars: 

Total Level 1 Level 2 Cash and short-term investments Equity securities and funds Fixed Income: Government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Mortgage-backed securities Other ) ) Securities lending collateral Securities lending liability ) ) ) Securities sold short ) ) Total of Level 1 and Level 2 assets Investments at net asset value: Short-term investments U.S. equity funds International equity funds Fixed income funds Hedge funds Private equity Venture capital Other investments Total net assets Investments at net asset value in the preceding tables are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient and are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 percent for equity, percent for debt, percent for real estate, and percent for other investments. The target allocations for health care assets are approximately percent for equity, percent for debt, percent for real estate, and percent for other 

61 

Table of Contents 
 period. The market related value of the health care plan assets equals fair value. The expected return is based on the outlook for inflation and for returns in multiple asset classes, while also considering historical returns, asset allocation, and investment strategy. The company s approach has emphasized the long-term nature of the return estimate such that the return assumption is not changed significantly unless there are fundamental changes in capital markets that affect the company s expectations for returns over an extended period of time (i.e., to ). The average annual return of the company s U.S. pension fund was approximately percent during the past ten years and approximately percent during the past 20 years. Since return premiums over inflation and total returns for major asset classes vary widely even over ten-year periods, recent history is not necessarily indicative of long-term future expected returns. The company s systematic methodology for determining the long-term rate of return for the company s investment strategies supports its long-term expected return assumptions. The company has created certain Voluntary Employees Beneficiary Association trusts (VEBAs) for the funding of postretirement health care benefits. The future expected asset returns for these VEBAs are lower than the expected return on the other pension and health care plan assets due to investment in a higher proportion of liquid securities. These assets are in addition to the other postretirement health care plan assets that have been funded under Section 401(h) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and maintained in a separate account in the company s pension plan trust. The company has defined contribution plans related to employee investment and savings plans primarily in the U.S. The company s contributions and costs under these plans were million in 2021, million in 2020, and million in 2019. The contribution rate varies primarily based on the company s performance in the prior year and employee participation in the plans. 
 State Foreign Total current Deferred: U.S.: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred ) ) ) Provision for income taxes Based upon the location of the company s operations, the consolidated income before income taxes in the U.S. in 2021, 2020, and 2019 was million, million, and million, respectively, and in foreign countries was million, million, and million, respectively. Certain foreign operations are branches or partnerships of Deere Company and are subject to U.S. as well as foreign income tax regulations. The pretax income by location and the preceding analysis of the income tax provision by taxing jurisdiction are not directly related. percent) State and local taxes, net of federal effect Other Impacts of Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 ) ) Rate differential on foreign subsidiaries Research and business tax credits ) ) ) Excess tax benefits on equity compensation ) ) ) Valuation allowances Other - net ) Provision for income taxes million. A provision for foreign withholding taxes has t been made since these earnings are expected to remain indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. Determination of the amount of a foreign withholding tax liability on these unremitted earnings is not practicable. 

62 

Table of Contents 
 Deferred income taxes arise because there are certain items that are treated differently for financial accounting than for income tax reporting purposes. Lessor lease transactions Tax loss and tax credit carryforwards Accrual for sales allowances Tax over book depreciation Goodwill and other intangible assets Pension - net Allowance for credit losses Accrual for employee benefits Share-based compensation Deferred compensation Lessee lease transactions Unearned revenue Other items Less valuation allowances ) ) Deferred income tax assets and liabilities Deere Company files a consolidated federal income tax return in the U.S., which includes the wholly-owned financial services subsidiaries. These subsidiaries account for income taxes generally as if they filed separate income tax returns, with a modification for realizability of certain tax benefits. At October 31, 2021, tax loss and tax credit carryforwards of million were available with million expiring from 2022 through 2041 and million with an indefinite carryforward period. Increases to tax positions taken during the current year Increases to tax positions taken during prior years Decreases to tax positions taken during prior years ) ) ) Decreases due to lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Foreign exchange ) ) End of year balance The amount of unrecognized tax benefits at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 that would impact the effective tax rate if the tax benefits were recognized was million and million, respectively. The remaining liability was related to tax positions for which there are offsetting tax receivables, or the uncertainty was 
 million and million. During 2020, interest and penalties previously recorded were reversed when tax positions were effectively settled resulting in a million net benefit. The interest income in 2021, 2020, and 2019 was million, million, and million, respectively. At October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, the liability for accrued interest and penalties totaled million and million, respectively, and the receivable for interest was million and million, respectively. Insurance premiums and fees earned Trademark licensing income Operating lease disposition gains Investment income Other Total Other operating expenses Depreciation of equipment on operating leases Insurance claims and expenses Cost of services Operating lease residual losses and impairments Pension and OPEB benefit, excluding service cost component ) ) ) Other Total Primarily related to extended warranties (s ee Note 21). 

63 

Table of Contents 
 percent ownership) and Deere-Hitachi Maquinas de Construcao do Brasil S.A. percent ownership). During 2021, the company sold its investment in Bell Equipment Limited, resulting in no material gain or loss. The company also entered into a Dissolution Agreement with Hitachi to terminate the joint venture agreement. The termination is expected to occur in 2022 (see Note 4). The unconsolidated affiliated companies primarily manufacture or market equipment. Deere Company s share of the income or loss of these companies is reported in the consolidated income statement under Equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated affiliates. In 2020, the company recorded impairments on certain unconsolidated affiliates. The impairments were the result of an other-than-temporary decline in value (see Note 5). The investment in these companies is reported in the consolidated balance sheet under Investments in unconsolidated affiliates. Net income Deere Company s equity in net income (loss) ) Financial Position 2021 2020 Total assets Total external borrowings Total net assets Deere Company s share of the net assets Consolidated retained earnings at October 31, 2021 include undistributed earnings of the unconsolidated affiliates of million. Dividends from unconsolidated affiliates were million in 2021, in 2020, and million in 2019. In the ordinary course of business, the company purchases and sells components and finished goods to the unconsolidated affiliated companies. Purchases 
 International equity securities Total equity securities U.S. government debt securities Municipal debt securities Corporate debt securities International debt securities Mortgage-backed securities Total debt securities Marketable securities 2020 U.S. equity fund International equity securities Total equity securities U.S. government debt securities Municipal debt securities Corporate debt securities International debt securities Mortgage-backed securities Total debt securities Marketable securities Primarily issued by U.S. government sponsored enterprises. Equity Securities Proceeds of equity securities sold during 2021, 2020, and 2019 were not material. Less: Net gain on equity securities sold Unrealized gains on equity securities Debt Securities Due after one through five years Due after five through 10 years Due after 10 years Mortgage-backed securities Debt securities 

64 

Table of Contents 
 significant impairment write-downs in the periods reported. Small ag turf Construction forestry Trade accounts and notes receivable net Trade accounts and notes receivable have significant concentrations of credit risk in the agriculture and turf market and construction and forestry market as shown in the previous table. On a geographic basis, there is no disproportionate concentration of credit risk in any area. ASU No. 2016-13 ) Provision Write-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Translation adjustments ) End of year balance The equipment operations sell a significant portion of their trade receivables to financial services and provide compensation to financial services at approximate market interest rates. Trade accounts and notes receivable primarily arise from sales of goods to independent dealers. See Note 2 for the company s revenue recognition policy. The company evaluates and assesses dealers on an ongoing basis as to their creditworthiness and generally secures the receivables by retaining a security interest in the goods associated with the trade receivables or with other financial instruments. In certain jurisdictions, the company is obligated to repurchase goods sold to a dealer upon cancellation or termination of the dealer s contract for such causes as change in ownership and closeout of the business. During 2020 and to a much lesser extent in 2021, the company provided short-term payment relief on trade accounts and notes 
 , extending interest-free periods for up to an additional with the total interest-free period not to exceed , or reducing interest rates for a maximum of . The trade receivables granted relief that remained outstanding at October 31, 2021 were not material. This balance at November 1, 2020 was million, or approximately percent of the trade receivable portfolio. Outside of these actions, the company did not modify its normal sales terms with customers that are outlined in Note 2. For customers who obtained payment relief, subsequent sales transactions are evaluated to confirm the revenue recognition criteria are met, including that the sales price is determinable and collectability of the payments is probable based on the terms outlined in the contract. Financing Receivables While the company implemented a new operating model in fiscal year 2021 resulting in new operating segments, assets managed by financial services, including most financing receivables and equipment on operating leases, continue to be evaluated by market (agriculture and turf or construction and forestry). Construction and forestry Total Wholesale notes Revolving charge accounts Financing leases (direct and sales-type) Total financing receivables Less: Unearned finance income : Retail notes Wholesale notes Revolving charge accounts Financing leases Total Allowance for credit losses Financing receivables net Financing receivables have significant concentrations of credit risk in the agriculture and turf and construction and forestry markets as shown in the previous table. On a geographic basis, there is no disproportionate concentration of credit risk in any area. The company generally retains as collateral a security interest in the equipment associated with retail notes, wholesale notes, and financing leases. 

65 

Table of Contents 
 Construction and forestry Total Wholesale notes Sales-type leases Total Less: Unearned finance income: Retail notes Wholesale notes Sales-type leases Total Financing receivables related to the company s sales of equipment These retail notes generally arise from sales of equipment by company-owned dealers or through direct sales. 13 24 25 36 37 48 49 60 Thereafter Total The maximum terms for retail notes are generally for agriculture and turf equipment, and for construction and forestry equipment. The maximum term for financing leases is generally . The average term for wholesale notes is less than . or more past the contractual payment due date. Non-performing financing receivables represent loans for which the company has ceased accruing finance income. The company ceases accruing finance income when these receivables are generally delinquent. Generally, when receivables are delinquent the estimated uncollectible amount from the customer is written off to the allowance for credit losses. Finance income for non-performing receivables is recognized on a cash basis. Accrual of finance income is generally resumed when the receivable becomes contractually current and collections are reasonably assured. 
 Due to the significant, negative effects of COVID on dealers and retail customers, the company provided short-term payment relief to dealers and retail customers during 2020, and to a much lesser extent in 2021. The relief was provided in regional programs and case-by-case situations with customers that were generally current in their payment obligations. This relief generally included payment deferrals or reduced financing rates of or less. The financing receivables granted relief that remained outstanding at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 represented approximately percent and percent of the financing receivable portfolio, respectively. The majority of financing receivables granted short-term relief are beyond the deferral period and have either resumed making payments or are reported as delinquent based on the modified payment schedule. The company monitors the credit quality of financing receivables based on delinquency status. 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due 90+ days past due Non-performing Construction and forestry Current 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due 90+ days past due Non-performing Total retail customer receivables Year of Origination 2017 Prior Years Revolving Charge Accounts Total Retail customer receivables: Agriculture and turf Current 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due 90+ days past due Non-performing Construction and forestry Current 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due 90+ days past due Non-performing Total retail customer receivables 

66 

Table of Contents 
 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due 90+ days past due Non-performing Construction and forestry Current 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due 90+ days past due Non-performing Total retail customer receivables 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due 90+ days past due Non-performing Construction and forestry Current 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due 90+ days past due Non-performing Total wholesale receivables Year of Origination 2017 Prior Years Revolving Total Wholesale receivables: Agriculture and turf Current 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due 90+ days past due Non-performing Construction and forestry Current 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due 90+ days past due Non-performing Total wholesale receivables 
 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due 90+ days past due Non-performing Construction and forestry Current 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due 90+ days past due Non-performing Total wholesale receivables ASU No. 2016-13 ) Provision (credit) ) ) ) Write-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Translation adjustments End of year balance Financing receivables: End of year balance 

2020 Allowance: Beginning of year balance Provision Write-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Translation adjustments ) ) End of year balance Financing receivables: End of year balance 2019 Allowance: Beginning of year balance Provision Write-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Translation adjustments ) ) ) End of year balance Financing receivables: End of year balance Individual allowances were not significant. 

67 

Table of Contents 
 percent and percent of the receivables financed at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. Non-performing receivables comprised percent and percent of the financing receivables at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. The allowance for credit losses represented percent and percent of financing receivables outstanding at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. In addition, at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, the company s financial services operations had million and million, respectively, of deposits primarily withheld from dealers and merchants as credit enhancements. During 2021, 2020, and 2019, the company identified , , and receivable contracts as troubled debt restructurings with aggregate balances of million, million, and million pre-modification and million, million, and million post-modification, respectively. Troubled debt restructurings in 2021 and 2019 primarily related to retail notes, while 2020 modifications primarily related to wholesale receivables in Argentina. The short-term relief related to COVID did not meet the definition of a troubled debt restructuring. In 2021 and 2020, there were no significant troubled debt restructurings that subsequently defaulted and were written off. At October 31, 2021, the company had commitments to lend to customers whose accounts were modified in troubled debt restructurings. Other Receivables Other Other receivables 
 million and million at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. The liabilities (short-term securitization borrowings and accrued interest) of these SPEs totaled 

68 

Table of Contents 
 million at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. The credit holders of these SPEs do not have legal recourse to the company s general credit. The company has a revolving credit agreement to utilize bank conduit facilities to secure retail notes, described further in the following paragraphs. At October 31, 2021, the revolving credit agreement had a total capacity, or financing limit, of up to million of secured financings at any time. The agreement was renewed in November 2021 with an expiration in November 2022 and a capacity of million. As a result of the reduced capacity, the company repurchased million of outstanding short-term securitization borrowings in November 2021, in addition to the normal monthly liquidations as a result of payments collected on the retail notes. Through the revolving credit agreement, the company transfers retail notes into bank-sponsored, multi-seller, commercial paper conduits, which are SPEs that are not consolidated. The company does not service a significant portion of the conduits receivables, and therefore, does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the conduits economic performance. These conduits provide a funding source to the company (as well as other transferors into the conduit) as they fund the retail notes through the issuance of commercial paper. The company s carrying values and variable interest related to these conduits were restricted assets (retail notes securitized, allowance for credit losses, and other assets) of million and million at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. The liabilities (short-term securitization borrowings and accrued interest) related to these conduits were million and million at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. Maximum exposure to loss The total assets of the unconsolidated conduits related to securitizations were approximately billion at October 31, 2021. In addition, through the revolving credit agreement, the company transfers retail notes to banks, which may elect to fund the retail notes through the use of their own funding sources. These non-VIE banking operations are not consolidated since the company does not have a controlling interest in them. The company s carrying values and interests related to the securitizations with the unconsolidated non-VIEs were restricted assets (retail notes securitized, allowance for credit losses and other assets) of million and million at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. The liabilities (short-term securitization borrowings and accrued interest) were million and million at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. 
 Allowance for credit losses ) ) Other assets Total restricted securitized assets The components of consolidated secured borrowings and other liabilities related to securitizations at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 were as follows in millions of dollars: 

2021 2020 Short-term securitization borrowings Accrued interest on borrowings Total liabilities related to restricted securitized assets The secured borrowings related to these restricted securitized retail notes are obligations that are payable as the retail notes are liquidated. Repayment of the secured borrowings depends primarily on cash flows generated by the restricted assets. Due to the company s short-term credit rating, cash collections from these restricted assets are not required to be placed into a segregated collection account until immediately prior to the time payment is required to the secured creditors. At October 31, 2021, the maximum remaining term of all securitized retail notes was approximately . The value of gross inventories on the LIFO basis at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 represented percent and percent, respectively, of worldwide gross inventories at FIFO value. The pretax favorable income effect from the liquidation of LIFO inventory during 2020 was million. Work-in-process Finished goods and parts Total FIFO value Less adjustment to LIFO value Inventories 

69 

Table of Contents 
 Buildings and building equipment Machinery and equipment Dies, patterns, tools, etc. All other Construction in progress Total at cost Less accumulated depreciation Total Financial Services Land Buildings and building equipment All other Total at cost Less accumulated depreciation Total Property and equipment - net Weighted-averages Total property and equipment additions in 2021, 2020, and 2019 were million, million, and million and depreciation was million, million, and million, respectively. Capitalized interest was million, million, and million in the same periods, respectively. The cost of leased property and equipment under finance leases of million and million and accumulated depreciation of million and million at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively, is included in property and equipment. Capitalized software has an estimated useful life of . The amounts of total capitalized software costs, including purchased and internally developed software, classified as Other assets at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 were million and million, less accumulated amortization of million and million, respectively. Capitalized interest on software was million and million at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. Amortization of these software costs in 2021, 2020, and 2019 was million, million, and million, respectively. The cost of compliance with foreseeable environmental requirements has been accrued and did not have a material effect on the company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Acquisitions (Note 4) Translation adjustments and other ) November 1, 2020 Acquisitions (Note 4) Translation adjustments and other ) October 31, 2021 There were accumulated goodwill impairment losses in the reported periods. Technology, patents, trademarks, and other Total at cost Less accumulated amortization: Customer lists and relationships Technology, patents, trademarks, and other Total accumulated amortization Amortized intangible assets Unamortized intangible assets: In-process research and development Other intangible assets - net Other intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization. The amortization of other intangible assets in 2021, 2020, and 2019 was million, million, and million, respectively. The estimated amortization expense for the next five years is as follows in millions of dollars: 2022 - , 2023 - , 2024 - , 2025 - , and 2026 - . 

70 

Table of Contents 
 Finance lease obligations due within one year Long-term borrowings due within one year Total Financial Services Commercial paper Notes payable to banks Long-term borrowings due within one year Total Short-term borrowings Short-term securitization borrowings Equipment Operations Financial Services Total Total short-term borrowings Includes unamortized fair value adjustments related to interest rate swaps. The short-term securitization borrowings are secured by financing receivables (retail notes) on the balance sheet (see Note 14) and presented net of debt acquisition costs. Although these securitization borrowings are classified as short-term since payment is required if the retail notes are liquidated early, the payment schedule for these borrowings at October 31, 2021 based on the expected liquidation of the retail notes in millions of dollars is as follows: 2022 - , 2023 - , 2024 - , 2025 - , 2026 - , and later years - . The weighted-average interest rates on total short-term borrowings, excluding current maturities of finance lease obligations and long-term borrowings, at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 were percent and percent, respectively. Lines of credit available from U.S. and foreign banks were million at October 31, 2021. At October 31, 2021, million of these worldwide lines of credit were unused. For the purpose of computing the unused credit lines, commercial paper and short-term bank borrowings, excluding secured borrowings and the current portion of long-term borrowings, were primarily considered to constitute utilization. Included in the total credit lines at October 31, 2021 was a 364-day credit facility agreement of million, expiring in fiscal April 2022. In addition, total credit lines included long-term credit facility agreements of million, expiring in fiscal April 2025, and million, expiring in fiscal March 2026. The agreements are mutually extendable and the annual facility fees are not significant. These credit agreements require Capital Corporation to maintain its consolidated ratio of earnings to fixed charges at not less than to 1 for each fiscal quarter and the ratio of senior debt, excluding securitization indebtedness, to capital base (total subordinated debt and stockholder s equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)) at not more than to 1 at the end of any fiscal quarter. The credit agreements also require the equipment 
 percent or less at the end of each fiscal quarter. Under this provision, the company s excess equity capacity and retained earnings balance free of restriction at October 31, 2021 was million. Alternatively under this provision, the equipment operations had the capacity to incur additional debt of million at October 31, 2021. All of these credit agreement requirements have been met during the periods included in the consolidated financial statements. Deere Company has an agreement with Capital Corporation pursuant to which it has agreed to continue to own, directly or through one or more wholly-owned subsidiaries, at least percent of the voting shares of capital stock of Capital Corporation and to maintain Capital Corporation s consolidated tangible net worth at not less than million. This agreement also obligates Deere Company to make payments to Capital Corporation such that its consolidated ratio of earnings to fixed charges is not less than to 1 for each fiscal quarter. Deere Company s obligations to make payments to Capital Corporation under the agreement are independent of whether Capital Corporation is in default on its indebtedness, obligations or other liabilities. Further, Deere Company s obligations under the agreement are not measured by the amount of Capital Corporation s indebtedness, obligations, or other liabilities. Deere Company s obligations to make payments under this agreement are expressly stated not to be a guaranty of any specific indebtedness, obligation, or liability of Capital Corporation and are enforceable only by or in the name of Capital Corporation. No payments were required under this agreement during the periods included in the consolidated financial statements. At October 31, 2021, Deere Company indirectly owned percent of the voting shares of Capital Corporation s capital stock and Capital Corporation s consolidated tangible net worth was million. 

71 

Table of Contents 
 Dividends payable Operating lease liabilities Other Accrued expenses: Dealer sales discounts Product warranties Employee benefits Accrued taxes Unearned revenue Other Total Financial Services Accounts payable: Deposits withheld from dealers and merchants Collateral on derivatives Other Accrued expenses: Unearned revenue Accrued interest Employee benefits Other Total Eliminations Accounts payable and accrued expenses Pri marily sales incentive accruals with a right of set-off against trade receivables. At October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, million and million, respectively, of sales incentive accruals were classified as accrued expenses by the equipment operations as the related trade receivables had been sold to financial services. 
 notes due 2022 notes due 2025 debentures due 2028 notes due 2029 notes due 2030 debentures due 2030 notes due 2031 notes due 2042 notes due 2049 notes due 2050 Euro notes: notes due 2023 principal) notes due 2024 principal) notes due 2028 principal) notes due 2032 principal) notes due 2039 principal) Finance lease obligations and other notes Less debt issuance costs and debt discounts ) ) Total Financial Services Notes and debentures: Medium-term notes due 2022 - 2031: (principal - 2021, - 2020) Average interest rates of - 2021, - 2020 Other notes Less debt issuance costs and debt discounts ) ) Total Long-term borrowings Includes unamortized fair value adjustments related to interest rate swaps. All interest rates are as of year-end. The principal amounts of the equipment operations long-term borrowings maturing in each of the next five years in millions of dollars are as follows: 2022 - , 2023 - , 2024 - , 2025 - , and 2026 - . The principal amounts of the financial services long-term borrowings maturing in each of the next five years in millions of dollars are as follows: 2022 - , 2023 - , 2024 - , 2025 - , and 2026 - . 

72 

Table of Contents 
 claims costs and current quality developments. The unamortized extended warranty premiums (deferred revenue) included in the following table totaled million and million at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. Payments ) ) Amortization of premiums received ) ) Accruals for warranties Premiums received Foreign exchange ) End of year balance At October 31, 2021, the company had approximately million of guarantees issued primarily to banks outside the U.S. and Canada related to third-party receivables for the retail financing of John Deere equipment. The company may recover a portion of any required payments incurred under these agreements from repossession of the equipment collateralizing the receivables. At October 31, 2021, the company had accrued losses of approximately million under these agreements. The maximum remaining term of the receivables guaranteed at October 31, 2021 was about . At October 31, 2021, the company had commitments of approximately million for the construction and acquisition of property and equipment. Also at October 31, 2021, the company had restricted assets of million, classified as Other assets. See Note 14 for additional restricted assets associated with borrowings related to securitizations. The company also had other miscellaneous contingent liabilities totaling approximately million at October 31, 2021. The accrued liability for these contingencies was not material at October 31, 2021. The company has commitments to extend credit to customers through lines of credit and other pre-approved credit arrangements. The amount of unused commitments to extend credit to John Deere dealers was approximately billion at October 31, 2021. The amount of unused commitments to extend credit to retail customers was approximately billion at October 31, 2021, primarily related to revolving charge accounts. A significant portion of these commitments is not expected to be 
 million in 2021. The company is subject to various unresolved legal actions which arise in the normal course of its business, the most prevalent of which relate to product liability (including asbestos related liability), retail credit, employment, patent, and trademark matters. The company believes the reasonably possible range of losses for these unresolved legal actions would not have a material effect on its financial statements. par value common stock of Deere Company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE . At October 31, 2021, there were holders of record of the company s common stock. The number of common shares the company is authorized to issue is million. The number of common shares issued at October 31, 2021, November 1, 2020, and November 3, 2019 was million. The number of authorized preferred shares, of which has been issued, is million. The Board of Directors at a meeting in December 2019 authorized the repurchase of up to million of common stock. At the end of fiscal year 2021, this repurchase program had million million shares based on the fiscal year end closing common stock price of per share) remaining to be repurchased. Repurchases of the company s common stock under this plan will be made from time to time, at the company s discretion, in the open market. Average shares outstanding Basic per share Average shares outstanding Effect of dilutive stock options Total potential shares outstanding Diluted per share All stock options outstanding were included in the computation except million in 2020 and million in 2019 that had an antidilutive effect under the treasury stock method. 

73 

Table of Contents 
 after grant. Options expire after the date of grant. Restricted stock awards generally vest after . The compensation cost for stock options and service-based restricted stock units, which is based on the fair value at the grant date, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite period the employee is required to render service. The compensation cost for performance/service-based units, which is based on the fair value at the grant date excluding dividends, is recognized over the employees requisite service period and periodically adjusted for the probable number of shares to be awarded. The company recognizes the effect of award forfeitures as an adjustment to compensation expense in the period the forfeiture occurs. According to these plans, at October 31, 2021, the company is authorized to grant an additional million shares related to stock options or restricted stock units. The company currently uses shares that have been repurchased through its stock repurchase programs to satisfy share option exercises. The fair value of each option award was estimated on the date of grant using a binomial lattice option valuation model. Expected volatilities are based on implied volatilities from traded call options on the company s stock. The expected volatilities are constructed from the following three components: the starting implied volatility of short-term call options traded within a few days of the valuation date; the predicted implied volatility of long-term call options; and the trend in implied volatilities over the span of the call options time to maturity. The company uses historical data to estimate option exercise behavior. The expected term of options granted is derived from the output of the option valuation model based on the underlying distribution of historical exercise behavior and represents the weighted-average period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free rates utilized for periods throughout the contractual life of the options are based on U.S. Treasury security yields at the time of grant. Expected dividends Volatility Expected term (in years) Weighted-averages Granted Exercised ) Outstanding at end of year Exercisable at end of year Weighted-averages 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair values of options granted during 2021, 2020, and 2019 were , , and , respectively. The total intrinsic values of options exercised during 2021, 2020, and 2019 were million, million, and million, respectively. During 2021, 2020, and 2019, cash received from stock option exercises was million, million, and million, respectively, with tax benefits of million, million, and million, respectively. The service-only based units award one share of common stock for each unit at the end of the vesting period and include dividend equivalent payments. The performance/service based units are subject to a performance metric based on the company s compound annual revenue growth rate, compared to a benchmark group of companies over the vesting period. The performance/service based units award common stock in a range of to percent for each unit granted based on the level of the metric achieved and do not include dividend equivalent payments over the vesting period. The weighted-average fair values of the service-only based units at the grant dates during 2021, 2020, and 2019 were , , and per unit, respectively, based on the market price of a share of underlying common stock. The fair value of the performance/service based units at the grant date during 2021, 2020, and 2019 were , , and per unit, respectively, based on the market price of a share of underlying common stock excluding dividends. Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at end of year Performance/service based Nonvested at beginning of year Granted Vested ) Performance change Nonvested at end of year Weighted-averages During 2021, 2020, and 2019, the total share-based compensation expense was million, million, and million, respectively, with recognized income tax benefits of million, million, and million, respectively. At October 31, 2021, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost from share-based compensation arrangements granted under the plans, which is related to restricted shares and options. This compensation is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately . The total grant-date fair values of stock options and restricted shares vested during 2021, 2020, and 2019 were million, million, and million, respectively. 

74 

Table of Contents) ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) ) Unrealized loss on derivatives ) ) ) Unrealized gain on debt securities Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Reclassification of realized (gain) loss to: Equity in (income) loss of unconsolidated affiliates Net unrealized translation gain (loss) Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives: Unrealized hedging gain (loss) ) Reclassification of realized (gain) loss to: Interest rate contracts Interest expense ) Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives ) Unrealized gain (loss) on debt securities: Unrealized holding gain (loss) ) ) Net unrealized gain (loss) on debt securities ) ) Retirement benefits adjustment: Net actuarial gain (loss) ) Reclassification to other operating expenses through amortization of: Actuarial (gain) loss ) Prior service (credit) cost ) Settlements ) Net unrealized gain (loss) on retirement benefits adjustment ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) These accumulated other comprehensive income amounts are included in net periodic pension and OPEB costs. See Note 8 for additional detail. 
 Reclassification of realized (gain) loss to: Other operating expenses Equity in (income) loss of unconsolidated affiliates Net unrealized translation gain (loss) Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives: Unrealized hedging gain (loss) ) ) Reclassification of realized (gain) loss to: Interest rate contracts Interest expense ) Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives ) Unrealized gain (loss) on debt securities: Unrealized holding gain (loss) ) Net unrealized gain (loss) on debt securities ) Retirement benefits adjustment: Net actuarial gain (loss) ) ) Reclassification primarily to other operating expenses through amortization of: Actuarial (gain) loss ) Prior service (credit) cost ) Settlements ) Net unrealized gain (loss) on retirement benefits adjustment ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) These accumulated other comprehensive income amounts are primarily included in net periodic pension and OPEB costs. See Note 8 for additional detail. 

Before Tax After Tax (Expense) Tax Amount Credit Amount 2019 Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives: Unrealized hedging gain (loss) ) ) Reclassification of realized (gain) loss to: Interest rate contracts Interest expense ) ) Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on debt securities: Unrealized holding gain (loss) ) Net unrealized gain (loss) on debt securities ) Retirement benefits adjustment: Net actuarial gain (loss) ) ) Reclassification to other operating expenses through amortization of: Actuarial (gain) loss ) Prior service (credit) cost ) ) Settlements ) Net unrealized gain (loss) on retirement benefits adjustment ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) These accumulated other comprehensive income amounts are included in net periodic pension and OPEB costs. See Note 8 for additional detail. 

75 

Table of Contents 
 to . The company s financial services segment leases to users equipment produced or sold by the company, and a limited amount of other equipment. These leases are usually written for periods of less than to . The company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease at the contract inception. Lessee to or , that can generally extend the lease term from one to . Options that the company is reasonably certain to exercise are included in the lease term. Variable lease expense primarily includes warehouse facilities leases with payments based on utilization exceeding contractual minimum amounts and leases with payments indexed to inflation when the index changes after lease commencement. Short-term lease expense Variable lease expense Finance lease: Depreciation expense Interest on lease liabilities Total lease expense 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses Finance leases: Property and equipment net Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Total finance lease liabilities Finance leases 2023 2024 2025 2026 Later years Total lease payments Less imputed interest Total lease liabilities Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities follow in millions of dollars: 

2021 2020 Operating leases Finance leases 

76 

Table of Contents 
 Lessor The company leases equipment manufactured or sold by the company and a limited amount of non-John Deere equipment to retail customers through sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases. Sales-type and direct financing leases are reported in Financing receivables - net on the consolidated balance sheet. Operating leases are reported in Equipment on operating leases - net on the consolidated balance sheet. by the company may include and . At the end of a lease, the lessee generally has the to the equipment for a fixed price or return it to the dealer. If the equipment is returned to the dealer, the dealer also has the option to purchase the equipment or return it to the company for remarketing. In 2020 and 2019, the company recorded impairment losses on operating leases of million and million, respectively, due to higher expected equipment return rates and lower estimated values of used construction equipment. Operating lease impairments were recorded in Other operating expenses. The company has elected to . The nonlease components primarily relate to preventative maintenance and extended warranty agreements financed by the retail customer. The company has also elected to report consideration related to net of the related tax expense. Property taxes on leased assets are recorded on a gross basis in Finance and interest income and Other operating expenses on the statement of consolidated income. Variable lease revenues primarily relate to property taxes on leased assets in certain markets and late fees. Variable lease revenues also include excess use and damage fees of million and million for 2021 and 2020, respectively, which were reported in Other income on the statement of consolidated income. Due to the significant, negative effects of COVID, the company provided short-term relief to lessees during 2020, and to a much lesser extent in 2021. The relief, which included payment deferrals of or less, was provided in regional programs and on a case-by-case basis with customers that were generally current in their payment obligations. The operating leases granted relief represented approximately percent and percent of the company s operating lease portfolio at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. The majority of operating leases granted short-term relief are beyond the deferral period and have 
 Operating lease revenues Variable lease revenues Total lease revenues At the time of accepting a lease that qualifies as a sales-type or direct financing lease, the company records the gross amount of lease payments receivable, estimated residual value of the leased equipment, and unearned finance income. The unearned finance income is recognized as revenue over the lease term using the interest method. Construction and forestry Total Guaranteed residual values Unguaranteed residual values Less unearned finance income ) ) Financing lease receivables 2023 2024 2025 2026 Later years Total Lease payments from operating leases are recorded as income on a straight-line method over the lease terms. Operating lease assets are recorded at cost and depreciated to their estimated residual value on a straight-line method over the terms of the leases. Construction and forestry Total Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Equipment on operating leases - net The total operating lease residual values at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 were million and million, respectively. Certain operating leases are subject to residual value 

77 

Table of Contents 
 million and million at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. The residual value guarantees at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 include million and million, respectively, of dealer deposits available for potential losses on residual values. The equipment is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The corresponding depreciation expense was million in 2021, million in 2020, and million in 2019. 2023 2024 2025 2026 Later years Total Past due balances of operating leases represent the total balance held (net book value plus accrued lease payments) and still accruing financing income with any payment amounts or more past the contractual payment due date. These amounts were million and million at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, respectively. The delinquency status of operating leases granted relief due to COVID is based on the modified payment schedule. The company discusses with lessees and dealers options to purchase the equipment or extend the lease prior to lease maturity. Equipment returned to the company upon termination of leases is remarketed by the company and recorded in Other assets at the lower of net book value or estimated fair value of the equipment less costs to sell and is not depreciated. The matured operating lease inventory balances at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 were million and million, respectively. In 2020, the company recorded impairment losses on matured operating lease inventory of million due to lower estimated values of used construction equipment. Impairment losses on matured operating lease inventory were included in Other operating expenses. 
 Level 1 measurements consist of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 measurements include significant other observable inputs such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; identical assets or liabilities in inactive markets; observable inputs such as interest rates and yield curves; and other market-corroborated inputs. Level 3 measurements include significant unobservable inputs. Financial services Total Financing receivables securitized net: Equipment operations Financial services Total Short-term securitization borrowings: Equipment operations Financial services Total Long-term borrowings due within one year: Equipment operations Financial services Total Long-term borrowings: Equipment operations Financial services Total Fair value measurements above were Level 3 for all financing receivables, Level 3 for equipment operations short-term securitization borrowings, and Level 2 for all other borrowings. Values exclude finance lease liabilities that are presented as borrowings (see Note 25). Fair values of the financing receivables that were issued long-term were based on the discounted values of their related cash flows at interest rates currently being offered by the company for similar financing receivables. The fair values of the remaining financing receivables approximated the carrying amounts. Fair values of long-term borrowings and short-term securitization borrowings were based on current market quotes for identical or similar borrowings and credit risk, or on the discounted values of their related cash flows at current market interest rates. Certain long-term borrowings have been swapped to current variable interest rates. The carrying values of these long-term borrowings included adjustments related to fair value hedges. 

78 

Table of Contents 
 International equity securities U.S. government debt securities Total Level 1 marketable securities Level 2: Marketable securities U.S. government debt securities Municipal debt securities Corporate debt securities International debt securities Mortgage-backed securities Total Level 2 marketable securities Other assets Derivatives: Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Cross-currency interest rate contracts Total Level 2 other assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Derivatives: Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Cross-currency interest rate contracts Total Level 2 accounts payable and accrued expenses Level 3: Marketable securities International debt securities Primarily issued by U.S. government sponsored enterprises. Equipment on operating leases net 2 Property and equipment net 3 Investments in unconsolidated affiliates 4 Other intangible assets net Other assets 5 1 Fair value as of August 2, 2020. 2 Fair value as of May 3, 2020. 3 2021 fair value of million at January 31, 2021. 2020 fair value of million at May 3, 2020, million at August 2, 2020, and million at November 1, 2020. 4 Fair value as of November 1, 2020. 5 2021 fair value as of January 31, 2021. 2020 fair value as of May 3, 2020. 
 The following is a description of the valuation methodologies the company uses to measure certain financial instruments on the balance sheet at fair value: Marketable securities The portfolio of investments, except for the Level 3 measurement international debt securities, is primarily valued on a market approach (matrix pricing model) in which all significant inputs are observable or can be derived from or corroborated by observable market data such as interest rates, yield curves, volatilities, credit risk, and prepayment speeds. Funds are primarily valued using the fund s net asset value, based on the fair value of the underlying securities. The Level 3 measurement international debt securities were primarily valued using an income approach based on discounted cash flows using yield curves derived from limited, observable market data. Derivatives The company s derivative financial instruments consist of interest rate contracts (swaps), foreign currency exchange contracts (futures, forwards and swaps), and cross-currency interest rate contracts (swaps). The portfolio is valued based on an income approach (discounted cash flow) using market observable inputs, including swap curves and both forward and spot exchange rates for currencies. Financing receivables Specific reserve impairments are based on the fair value of the collateral, which is measured using a market approach (appraisal values or realizable values). Inputs include a selection of realizable values (see Note 13). Other receivables The impairment was based on the expected realization of value-added tax receivables related to a closed factory operation (see Note 5). Equipment on operating leases net The impairments are based on an income approach (discounted cash flow), using the contractual payments, plus an estimate of return rates and equipment sale price at lease maturity. Inputs include historical return rates and realized sales values (see Note 5). Property and equipment net The impairments are measured at the lower of the carrying amount, or fair value. The valuations were based on cost and market approaches. The inputs include replacement cost estimates adjusted for physical deterioration and economic obsolescence, or quoted prices when available (see Note 5). Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Other than temporary impairments for investments are measured as the difference between the implied fair value or the estimated realization amount, and the carrying value. The fair value for publicly traded entities is the share price multiplied by the shares owned, or the estimated realization amount (see Note 5). Other intangible assets net The impairment was measured at the remaining net book value of customer relationships related to a closed factory operation (see Note 5). Other assets The impairments of the matured operating lease inventory were measured at the fair value of that equipment. The valuations were based on a market approach. The inputs include sales of comparable assets. The impairment of the German lawn 

79 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively. During 2019, the company hedged a portion of its exposure to interest rate changes on a forecasted debt issuance using an interest rate contract with a term of . The hedge was terminated upon issuance of the debt, resulting in a fair value loss of million. Fair value gains or losses on cash flow hedges were recorded in OCI and are subsequently reclassified into interest expense or other operating expenses (foreign currency exchange) in the same periods during which the hedged transactions impact earnings. These amounts offset the effects of interest rate or foreign currency exchange rate changes on the related borrowings. The cash flows from these contracts were recorded in operating activities in the statement of consolidated cash flows. The amount of loss recorded in OCI at October 31, 2021 that is expected to be reclassified to interest expense or other operating expenses in the next twelve months if interest rates or exchange rates remain unchanged is approximately million after-tax. There were gains or losses reclassified from OCI to earnings based on the probability that the original forecasted transaction would not occur. Fair Value Hedges Certain interest rate contracts (swaps) were designated as fair value hedges of borrowings. The total notional amounts of the receive-fixed/pay-variable interest rate contracts at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 were million and million, respectively. The fair value gains or losses on these contracts were generally offset by fair value gains or losses on the hedged items (fixed-rate borrowings) with both items recorded in interest expense. 
 ) Long-term borrowings 2020 Long-term borrowings due within one year Long-term borrowings Presented in short-term borrowings . Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments The company has certain interest rate contracts (swaps), foreign currency exchange contracts (futures, forwards, and swaps), and cross-currency interest rate contracts (swaps), which were not formally designated as hedges. These derivatives were held as economic hedges for underlying interest rate or foreign currency exposures primarily for certain borrowings, purchases or sales of inventory, and below market retail financing programs. The total notional amounts of the interest rate swaps at October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 were million and million, the foreign currency exchange contracts were million and million, and the cross-currency interest rate contracts were million and million, respectively. The fair value gains or losses from the interest rate contracts were recognized currently in interest expense and the gains or losses from foreign currency exchange contracts in cost of sales or other operating expenses, generally offsetting over time the expenses on the exposures being hedged. The cash flows from these non-designated contracts were recorded in operating activities in the statement of consolidated cash flows. 

80 

Table of Contents 
 Not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Cross-currency interest rate contracts Total not designated Total derivative assets Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses Designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate contracts Not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Cross-currency interest rate contracts Total not designated Total derivative liabilities Cash Flow Hedges Recognized in OCI: Interest rate contracts OCI (pretax) ) ) Reclassified from OCI: Interest rate contracts Interest expense ) ) Not Designated as Hedges Interest rate contracts Net sales ) ) Interest rate contracts Interest expense ) ) Foreign exchange contracts Cost of sales ) ) Foreign exchange contracts Other operating expenses ) Total not designated ) Includes interest and foreign exchange gains (losses) from cross-currency interest rate contracts. Counterparty Risk and Collateral Derivative instruments are subject to significant concentrations of credit risk to the banking sector. The company manages individual counterparty exposure by setting limits that consider the credit rating of the counterparty, the credit default swap spread of the counterparty, and other financial commitments and exposures between the company and the counterparty banks. All interest rate derivatives are transacted under International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) documentation. Some of these agreements include credit support provisions. Each master 
 million and million, respectively. In accordance with the limits established in these agreements, the company posted cash collateral at October 31, 2021 or November 1, 2020. In addition, the company paid million of collateral either in cash or pledged securities that was outstanding at both October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020 to participate in an international futures market to hedge currency exposure, not included in the table below. Derivatives are recorded without offsetting for netting arrangements or collateral. ) Liabilities ) ) 2020 Assets ) ) Liabilities ) business segments described as follows: The production and precision agriculture segment defines, develops, and delivers global equipment and technology solutions to unlock customer value for production-scale growers of large grains, small grains, cotton, and sugar. Main products include large and certain mid-size tractors, combines, cotton pickers, sugarcane harvesters and loaders, and soil preparation, seeding, application and crop care equipment. The small agriculture and turf segment defines, develops, and delivers global equipment and technology solutions to unlock customer value for dairy and livestock producers, high-value crop producers, and turf and utility customers. The segment s primary products include certain mid-size and small tractors, as well as hay and forage equipment, riding and commercial lawn equipment, golf course equipment, and utility vehicles. 

81 

Table of Contents 
 million, million, and million; small agriculture and turf net sales of million, million, and million; construction and forestry had intersegment sales in 2021, million in 2020, and million in 2019; and financial services revenues of million, million, and million, respectively. 

OPERATING SEGMENTS 2021 2020 2019 Net sales and revenues Unaffiliated customers: Production precision ag net sales Small ag turf net sales Construction forestry net sales Financial services revenues Other revenues Total Other revenues are primarily the equipment operations revenues for finance and interest income, and other income. 
 Small ag turf Construction forestry Financial services Total operating profit Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Foreign exchange gains (losses) from equipment operations financing activities ) ) Pension and OPEB benefit (cost), excluding service cost component Corporate expenses net ) ) ) Income taxes ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to Deere Company Operating profit of the financial services business segment includes the effect of its interest expense and foreign exchange gains or losses. 

Interest income Production precision ag Small ag turf Construction forestry Financial services Corporate Intercompany ) ) ) Total Does not include finance rental income for equipment on operating leases. 

Interest expense Production precision ag Small ag turf Construction forestry Financial services Corporate Intercompany ) ) ) Total Depreciation and amortization expense Production precision ag Small ag turf Construction forestry Financial services Intercompany ) ) ) Total Includes depreciation for equipment on operating leases. (continued) 

82 

Table of Contents 
 Construction forestry ) Financial services Total ) Identifiable operating assets Production precision ag Small ag turf Construction forestry Financial services Corporate Total Corporate assets are primarily the equipment operations retirement benefits, deferred income tax assets, goodwill, marketable securities, and cash and cash equivalents. 

Capital additions Production precision ag Small ag turf Construction forestry Financial services Total Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Production precision ag Small ag turf Construction forestry Financial services Total Outside U.S. and Canada Total 

Operating profit U.S. and Canada Outside U.S. and Canada Total Property and equipment U.S. and Canada Germany Other countries Total 
 million to million. As a result of the facility renewal at a reduced capacity, the company repurchased million of outstanding short-term securitization borrowings in November 2021, in addition to the normal monthly collection of payments on the retail notes. On November 17, 2021, employees represented by the UAW approved a new collective bargaining agreement and terminated a strike that began on October 14, 2021. The agreement, which has a term of , covers the wages, hours, benefits, and other terms and conditions of employment for the company s UAW-represented employees at U.S. facilities. The labor agreement includes a lump sum ratification bonus payment of per eligible employee, totaling million, and an immediate wage increase of percent plus further wage increases over the term of the contract. The lump sum payment will be expensed in the first quarter of 2022. The company remeasured the U.S. hourly pension plan as of November 30, 2021 due to the new collective bargaining agreement, which decreased the plan s funded status by approximately million and will increase pension expense in 2022 by nearly million. The U.S. hourly pension plan changes will continue to impact pension expense through the remaining term of the contract as well as years beyond the current contract as employees continue to accumulate years of service. The UAW strike is expected to have an adverse effect on the company s results of operations for the three months ending January 30, 2022 as a result of reduced production and shipments. On November 30, 2021, the company voluntarily contributed million to a U.S. OPEB plan. The expected return on this contribution was included in the 2022 pension and OPEB cost estimates in the MD A. A quarterly dividend of per share was declared at the Board of Directors meeting on December 8, 2021, payable on February 8, 2022 to stockholders of record on December 31, 2021. On December 14, 2021, the company announced a definitive agreement to acquire majority ownership in Kreisel Electric, Inc. (Kreisel), a battery technology provider based in Austria. Kreisel has differentiated battery technology for high-performance and off-highway applications as well as charging infrastructure offerings globally and across multiple end markets. This will provide Deere with the high-density battery technology necessary to optimally integrate and efficiently design vehicles and power trains while leveraging Kreisel s charging technology to build out infrastructure to enable global customer adoption. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of fiscal year 2022, subject to the receipt of certain required regulatory approvals and satisfaction of certain other customary closing conditions. Total cash consideration will be million and paid out of cash on hand. Kreisel will be allocated amongst the company s production and precision agriculture, small agriculture and turf, and construction and forestry segments. 

83 

Table of Contents 
 DEERE COMPANY SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA (Dollars in millions except per share amounts) 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 Net sales and revenues 44,024 35,540 39,258 37,358 29,738 26,644 28,863 36,067 37,795 36,157 Net sales 39,737 31,272 34,886 33,351 25,885 23,387 25,775 32,961 34,998 33,501 Finance and interest income 3,296 3,450 3,493 3,107 2,732 2,511 2,381 2,282 2,115 1,981 Research and development expenses 1,587 1,644 1,783 1,658 1,373 1,394 1,410 1,437 1,445 1,409 Selling, administrative and general expenses 3,383 3,477 3,551 3,455 3,098 2,791 2,868 3,266 3,558 3,369 Interest expense 993 1,247 1,466 1,204 899 764 680 664 741 783 Net income 5,963 2,751 3,253 2,368 2,159 1,524 1,940 3,162 3,537 3,065 Return on net sales 15.0 8.8 9.3 7.1 8.3 6.5 7.5 9.6 10.1 9.1 Return on beginning Deere Company stockholders equity 46.1 24.1 28.8 24.8 33.1 22.6 21.4 30.8 51.7 45.1 Comprehensive income 8,963 2,819 2,081 3,222 3,221 627 994 2,072 5,416 2,171 Net income per share basic 19.14 8.77 10.28 7.34 6.76 4.83 5.81 8.71 9.18 7.72 diluted 18.99 8.69 10.15 7.24 6.68 4.81 5.77 8.63 9.09 7.63 Dividends declared per share 3.61 3.04 3.04 2.58 2.40 2.40 2.40 2.22 1.99 1.79 Dividends paid per share 3.32 3.04 2.97 2.49 2.40 2.40 2.40 2.13 1.94 1.74 Average number of common shares outstanding (in millions) basic 311.6 313.5 316.5 322.6 319.5 315.2 333.6 363.0 385.3 397.1 diluted 314.0 316.6 320.6 327.3 323.3 316.6 336.0 366.1 389.2 401.5 Total assets 84,114 75,091 73,011 70,108 65,786 57,918 57,883 61,267 59,454 56,193 Trade accounts and notes receivable net 4,208 4,171 5,230 5,004 3,925 3,011 3,051 3,278 3,758 3,799 Financing receivables net 33,799 29,750 29,195 27,054 25,104 23,702 24,809 27,422 25,633 22,159 Financing receivables securitized net 4,659 4,703 4,383 4,022 4,159 5,127 4,835 4,602 4,153 3,618 Equipment on operating leases net 6,988 7,298 7,567 7,165 6,594 5,902 4,970 4,016 3,152 2,528 Inventories 6,781 4,999 5,975 6,149 3,904 3,341 3,817 4,210 4,935 5,170 Property and equipment net 5,820 5,817 5,973 5,868 5,068 5,171 5,181 5,578 5,467 5,012 Short-term borrowings: Equipment operations 1,509 292 987 1,434 375 249 464 434 1,080 425 Financial services 9,410 8,290 9,797 9,628 9,660 6,662 7,961 7,584 7,707 5,966 Total 10,919 8,582 10,784 11,062 10,035 6,911 8,425 8,018 8,787 6,391 Short-term securitization borrowings: Equipment operations 10 26 44 75 Financial services 4,595 4,656 4,277 3,882 4,119 4,998 4,585 4,553 4,103 3,569 Total 4,605 4,682 4,321 3,957 4,119 4,998 4,585 4,553 4,103 3,569 Long-term borrowings: Equipment operations 8,915 10,124 5,415 4,714 5,491 4,565 4,439 4,619 4,845 5,418 Financial services 23,973 22,610 24,814 22,523 20,400 19,138 19,336 19,699 16,673 16,970 Total 32,888 32,734 30,229 27,237 25,891 23,703 23,775 24,318 21,518 22,388 Total Deere Company stockholders equity 18,431 12,937 11,413 11,288 9,557 6,520 6,743 9,063 10,266 6,842 Book value per share 59.83 41.25 36.45 35.45 29.70 20.71 21.29 26.23 27.46 17.64 Capital expenditures 867 762 1,084 969 586 668 655 1,004 1,132 1,360 Number of employees (at year end) 75,550 69,634 73,489 74,413 60,476 56,767 57,180 59,623 67,044 66,859 Attributable to Deere Company . 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Deere Company: Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Deere Company and subsidiaries (the Company as of October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, the related statements of consolidated income, consolidated comprehensive income, changes in consolidated stockholders equity, and consolidated cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2021 and November 1, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated December 16, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Sales Incentives Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The sales incentive accrual at October 31, 2021 was 1,680 million, of which 880 million is recorded within trade accounts and notes receivable net and 800 million is recorded within accounts payable and accrued expenses. At the time a sale to a dealer is recognized, the Company records an estimate of the future sales incentive costs as a reduction to the sales price. These incentives may be based on a dealer s purchase volume, or on retail sales incentive programs for allowances and financing programs that will be due when the dealer sells the equipment to a retail customer. The estimated cost of these programs is based on historical data, announced and expected incentive programs, field inventory levels and forecasted sales volumes. The final cost of these programs is determined at the end of the measurement period for volume-based incentives or when the dealer sells the equipment to the retail customer. This is due to numerous programs available at any particular time and new programs that may be announced after the Company records the equipment sale. Changes in the mix and types of programs affect these estimates, which are reviewed quarterly. The estimation of the sales incentive accrual is impacted by many assumptions. One of the key assumptions is the predictive value of the historical percentage of sales incentive costs to retail sales from dealers. We identified the sales incentive accrual as a critical audit matter because estimating sales incentive costs requires significant judgment by management and changes in historical percentage of sales incentive costs to retails sales by dealers could have a material impact on the sales incentive accrual. Auditing management s assumptions about the predictive nature of historical sales incentive costs involves a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to testing management s assumption that historical sales incentive costs are predictive of future incentive costs included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the assumptions used to estimate the sales incentive accrual. We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast future incentive costs performing a retrospective review that involved comparing actual incentive costs to management s historical forecasts. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s assumption that historical sales incentive costs are predictive of future incentive costs by: 
 Considering the impact of changes in the current economic conditions and competitive environment. Testing the completeness of the population used in the calculation by inspecting a sample of incentive program communications to dealers to ensure all sales incentive programs offered were included in the calculation and by confirming sales incentive payments with a sample of dealers. Comparing historical and current sales incentive costs in the following manner: Type and number of programs Geography Program size and duration Eligible products Allowance for Credit Losses Refer to Notes 2 and 13 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The allowance for credit losses as of October 31, 2021 was 207 million. The allowance for credit losses is an estimate of the credit losses expected over the life of the Company s receivable portfolio. The Company measures expected credit losses on a collective basis when similar risk characteristics exist. Risk characteristics considered by the Company include finance product category, market, geography, credit risk, and remaining duration. The Company utilizes loss forecast models, which are selected based on the size and credit risk of the underlying pool of receivables, to estimate expected credit losses. Transition matrix models are used for large and complex retail customer receivable pools. The modeled expected credit losses are adjusted based on reasonable and supportable forecasts, which may include economic indicators such as commodity prices, industry equipment sales, unemployment rates, and housing starts. Management reviews each model s output quarterly, and qualitative adjustments are incorporated as necessary. We identified the allowance for credit losses as a critical audit matter because determining the appropriate methodology and assumptions used in the estimate requires significant judgment by management. Given the subjective nature and judgment applied by management to determine the allowance for credit losses, auditing the methodology and assumptions requires a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve credit specialists. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to testing the Company s allowance for credit losses included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the methodology, data and assumptions used to estimate the allowance for credit losses. We tested the accuracy and evaluated the relevance of the underlying historical data used in the Company s model. With the assistance of our credit specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness and accuracy of the models used to estimate the allowance for credit losses, including model assumptions and the selection and application of relevant risk characteristics and use of qualitative adjustments. We evaluated qualitative adjustments to the model estimate. Our evaluation included: 
 Comparison of qualitative factors used by the Company to source data provided by the Company and/or to externally available data. Consideration and evaluation of contradictory evidence. We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast credit losses by performing a retrospective review, which involved comparing actual credit losses to historical estimates. /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP Chicago, Illinois December 16, 2021 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1910. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Deere Company: Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Deere Company and subsidiaries (the Company as of October 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended October 31, 2021 of the Company and our report dated December 16, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP Chicago, Illinois December 16, 2021 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Exhibits 

2.1 Share and Asset Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated May 31, 2017, between the registrant and Wirtgen Group Holding GmbH (Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K of registrant filed June 1, 2017, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 2.2 Accession Agreement to the Share and Asset Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated November 24, 2017, among Wirtgen Group Holding GmbH, as Seller, the registrant, as Purchaser, and Purchaser s Nominees: John Deere GmbH Co. KG, John Deere Construction Forestry Company, John Deere Asia (Singapore) Private Limited, John Deere Holding S. r.L., John Deere India Private Limited, John Deere-Lanz Verwaltungs-GmbH, John Deere Proprietary Limited, WMT GmbH, and John Deere Technologies S.C.S. (Exhibit 2.2 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 29, 2017, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 2.3 First Amendment to the Share and Asset Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated November 24, 2017, between the registrant and Wirtgen Group Holding GmbH (Exhibit 2.3 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 29, 2017, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 2.4 Second Amendment to the Share and Asset Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2017, among Wirtgen Group Holding GmbH, as Seller, the registrant, as Purchaser, and Purchaser s Nominees: John Deere GmbH Co. KG, John Deere Construction Forestry Company, John Deere Asia (Singapore) Private Limited, John Deere Holding S. r.L., John Deere India Private Limited, John Deere-Lanz Verwaltungs-GmbH, John Deere Proprietary Limited, WMT GmbH, and John Deere Technologies S.C.S. (Exhibit 2.4 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 29, 2017, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation (Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-Q of registrant for the quarter ended July 28, 2019, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 3.2 Certificate of Designation Preferences and Rights of Series A Participating Preferred Stock (Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 31, 1998, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 3.3 Bylaws, as amended (Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K of registrant filed December 3, 2020, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 4.1 Form of common stock certificate (Exhibit 4.6 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 31, 1998, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 4.2 Indenture, dated September 25, 2008, between the registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.1 to the registration statement on Form S-3ASR no. 333-153704 filed September 26, 2008, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 4.3 Indenture, dated June 15, 2020, among John Deere Funding, as issuer, the registrant, as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.2 to the registration statement on Form S-3ASR no. 333-239165 filed June 15, 2020, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 4.4 Indenture, dated June 15, 2020, among Deere Funding Canada Corporation, as issuer, the registrant, as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.3 to the registration statement on Form S-3ASR no. 333-239165 filed June 15, 2020, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 4.5 Terms and Conditions of the Euro Medium Term Notes, published March 4, 2020, applicable to the U.S. 6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of the registrant, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., and John Deere Cash Management (Exhibit 4.5 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended November 1, 2020, Securities and Exchange Commission File number 1-4121 4.6 Description of Deere Company s Common Stock (Exhibit 4.4 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended November 3, 2019, Securities and Exchange Commission File number 1-4121 4.7 Description of Deere Company s 8 Debentures Due 2022 (Exhibit 4.5 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended November 3, 2019, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 4.8 Description of Deere Company s 6.55 Debentures Due 2028 (Exhibit 4.6 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended November 3, 2019, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 Certain instruments relating to long-term debt constituting less than 10 of the registrant s total assets are not filed as exhibits herewith pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. The registrant will file copies of such instruments upon request of the Commission. 10.1 Agreement, as amended November 1, 1994, between the registrant and John Deere Capital Corporation concerning agricultural retail notes (Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 31, 1998, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.2 Agreement, as amended November 1, 1994, between the registrant and John Deere Capital Corporation concerning lawn and grounds care retail notes (Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 31, 1998, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.3 Agreement, as amended November 1, 1994, between John Deere Construction Equipment Company and John Deere Capital Corporation concerning construction retail notes (Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 31, 1998, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.4 Agreement, dated July 14, 1997, between John Deere Construction Equipment Company and John Deere Capital Corporation concerning construction retail notes (Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 31, 2003, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.5 First Amended Agreement, dated November 1, 2003, between the registrant and John Deere Capital Corporation relating to fixed charges ratio, ownership, and minimum net worth of John Deere Capital Corporation (Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 31, 2003, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.6 Deere Company Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended October 31, 2020 10.7 John Deere Short-Term Incentive Bonus Plan, as amended February 25, 2015 (Appendix E to Proxy Statement of registrant filed January 14, 2015, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.8 John Deere Long-Term Incentive Cash Plan (Appendix C to Proxy Statement of registrant filed January 12, 2018, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.9 John Deere Omnibus Equity and Incentive Plan, as amended February 25, 2015 (Appendix D to Proxy Statement of registrant filed January 14, 2015, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.10 Form of Terms and Conditions for John Deere Nonqualified Stock Options 10.11 Form of Terms and Conditions for John Deere Restricted Stock Units and Performance Stock Units 10.12 Form of John Deere Restricted Stock Unit Grant for Directors (Exhibit 10.13 to Form 10-K of the registrant for the year ended October 31, 2008, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.13 Form of Terms and Conditions for Deere Company Nonemployee Director Stock Ownership Plan 10.14 John Deere Defined Contribution Restoration Plan, as amended October 31, 2020 10.15 John Deere Supplemental Pension Benefit Plan, as amended December 31, 2020 10.16 John Deere Senior Supplementary Pension Benefit Plan, as amended October 15, 2014 (Exhibit 10.16 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 31, 2014, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.17 John Deere ERISA Supplementary Pension Benefit Plan, as amended December 2011 (Exhibit 10.17 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 31, 2014, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 10.18 Deere Company Nonemployee Director Stock Ownership Plan, as amended February 29, 2012 (Appendix A to Proxy Statement of registrant filed on January 13, 2012, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.19 Deere Company Nonemployee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended October 31, 2020 10.20 Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Program of Deere Company, effective May 29, 2018 (Exhibit 10.20 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended November 3, 2019, Securities and Exchange Commission File number 1-4121 10.21 Executive Incentive Award Recoupment Policy (Exhibit 10.9 to Form 10-Q of registrant for the quarter ended January 31, 2008, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.22 John Deere 2020 Equity and Incentive Plan (Appendix C to Proxy Statement of registrant filed January 10, 2020, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.23 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated October 29, 2001, between the registrant and Deere Capital, Inc. concerning the sale of trade receivables (Exhibit 10.19 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 31, 2001, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.24 Second Amendment, dated February 21, 2020, to the Asset Purchase Agreement dated October 29, 2001, between the registrant and Deere Capital, Inc. (including conformed copy of the Asset Purchase Agreement as Exhibit A thereto) (Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q of registrant for the quarter ended February 2, 2020, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.25 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated October 29, 2001, between John Deere Construction Forestry Company and Deere Capital, Inc. concerning the sale of trade receivables (Exhibit 10.20 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 31, 2001, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.26 Second Amendment, dated February 21, 2020, to the Asset Purchase Agreement dated October 29, 2001, between John Deere Construction Forestry Company and Deere Capital, Inc. (including conformed copy of the Asset Purchase Agreement as Exhibit A thereto) (Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q of registrant for the quarter ended February 2, 2020, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.27 Joint Venture Agreement, dated May 16, 1988, between the registrant and Hitachi Construction Machinery Co., Ltd. (Exhibit 10.26 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 31, 2005, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.28 Marketing Profit Sharing Agreement, dated January 1, 2002, between John Deere Construction and Forestry Equipment Company (also known as John Deere Construction Forestry Company) and Hitachi Construction Machinery Holding U.S.A. Corporation (Exhibit 10.27 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 31, 2005, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.29 Integrated Marketing Agreement, dated October 16, 2001, between the registrant and Hitachi Construction Machinery Co., Ltd. (Exhibit 10.28 to Form 10-K of registrant for the year ended October 31, 2005, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.30 Joint Venture Dissolution Agreement, dated August 19, 2021, between the registrant and Hitachi Construction Machinery Co., Ltd. (Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K of registrant filed August 19, 2021, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.31 2025 Credit Agreement, dated March 29, 2021, among the registrant, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., various financial institutions, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, Citibank, N.A., as documentation agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent (Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q of registrant for the quarter ended May 2, 2021, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.32 First Amendment, dated October 15, 2021, to the 2025 Credit Agreement dated March 29, 2021 among the registrant, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., various financial institutions, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, Citibank, N.A., as documentation agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 10.33 2026 Credit Agreement, dated March 29, 2021, among the registrant, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., various financial institutions, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, Citibank, N.A., as documentation agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent (Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q of registrant for the quarter ended May 2, 2021, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.34 First Amendment, dated October 15, 2021, to the 2026 Credit Agreement dated March 29, 2021 among the registrant, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., various financial institutions, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, Citibank, N.A., as documentation agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent 10.35 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated March 29, 2021, among the registrant, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., various financial institutions, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, Citibank, N.A., as documentation agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent (Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q of registrant for the quarter ended May 2, 2021, Securities and Exchange Commission File Number 1-4121 10.36 First Amendment, dated October 15, 2021, to the 364-Day Credit Agreement dated March 29, 2021 among the registrant, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., various financial institutions, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, Citibank, N.A., as documentation agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent 21. Subsidiaries 22. List of Guarantors and Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 23. Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 24. Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 32 . Section 1350 Certifications (furnished herewith) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104. Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Incorporated by reference. Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Deere hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DEERE COMPANY By: /s/ John C. May John C. May Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: December 16, 2021 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. Each person signing below also hereby appoints John C. May, Ryan D. Campbell, and Todd E. Davies, and each of them singly, his or her lawful attorney-in-fact with full power to execute and file any and all amendments to this report together with exhibits thereto and generally to do all such things as such attorney-in-fact may deem appropriate to enable Deere Company to comply with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and all requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Ryan D. Campbell Senior Vice President and December 16, 2021 Ryan D. Campbell Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Leanne G. Caret Director Leanne G. Caret /s/ Tamra A. Erwin Director Tamra A. Erwin /s/ Alan C. Heuberger Director Alan C. Heuberger /s/ Charles O. Holliday, Jr. Director Charles O. Holliday, Jr. /s/ Dipak C. Jain Director Dipak C. Jain /s/ Michael O. Johanns Director Michael O. Johanns /s/ Clayton M. Jones Director Clayton M. Jones 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 /s/ John C. May Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John C. May (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Gregory R. Page Director Gregory R. Page /s/ Sherry M. Smith Director Sherry M. Smith /s/ Dmitri L. Stockton Director Dmitri L. Stockton /s/ Sheila G. Talton Director Sheila G. Talton 
 93 

<EX-10.6>
 2
 de-20211031xex10d6.htm
 EX-10.6

Exhibit 10.6 
 DEERE COMPANY VOLUNTARY DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN Adopted 28 August 1985 Amended 11 December 1986 Amended 26 May 1993 Effective 1 July 1993 Amended 7 December 1994 Effective 1 January 1995 Amended 4 December 1996 Effective 1 January 1997 Amended 26 August 1998 Amended by Supplement 30 August 2006 Amended and Restated 13 2007 Effective 1 January 2008 Amended 28 January 2014 Effective 1 November 2013 Amended 30 October 2015 Effective 1 November 2015 Amended 31 October 2016 Effective 1 November 2015 Amended 31 October 2017 Effective 1 November 2016 Amended 31 October 2018 Effective 1 November 2017 Amended: 31 October 2019 Effective 1 November 2018 Amended: 31 October 2020 Effective 1 November 2019 (For special rules applicable to deferrals after 2004 see the supplement beginning on page 12) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page 
 Section 1. Establishment and Purpose 1.1 Establishment 1 
 1.2 Purpose 1 
 Section 2. Definitions 2.1 Definitions 2 
 2.2 Gender and Number 2 
 Section 3. Eligibility for Participation 3.1 Eligibility 3 
 Section 4. Election to Defer 4.1 Deferral Amount 3 
 4.2 Deferral Period and Payment Method 4 
 4.3 Irrevocable Elections 4 
 Section 5. Deferred Accounts 5.1 Participant Accounts 5 
 5.2 Growth Additions 5 
 5.3 Return on Participant Accounts 5 
 5.4 Effect on other Company Benefits 6 
 5.5 Charges Against Accounts 7 
 5.6 Contractual Obligation 7 
 5.7 Unsecured Interest 7 
 Section 6. Payment of Deferred Amounts 6.1 Payment of Deferred Amounts 7 
 6.2 Financial Hardship 7 
 Section 7. Beneficiary 7.1 Beneficiary 8 
 Section 8. Rights of Employees, Participants 8.1 Employment 8 
 8.2 Nontransferability 8 

 i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page 
 Section 9. Administration 9.1 Administration 9 
 Section 10. Amendment, Modification and Termination of the Plan 10.1 Amendment, Modification and Termination of the Plan 10 
 Section 11. Merger or Consolidation 11.1 Merger or Consolidation 10 
 Section 12. Requirements of Law 12.1 Requirements of Law 10 
 12.2 Governing Law 10 
 Section 13. Withholding Taxes 13.1 Withholding Taxes 11 
 Section 14. Effective Date of the Plan 14.1 Effective Date 11 
 SUPPLEMENT APPLICABLE TO DEFERRALS AFTER 2004 12 
 
 ii 

DEERE COMPANY VOLUNTARY DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN Section 1. Establishment and Purpose 
 1.1 Establishment . Deere Company, a Delaware corporation, hereby establishes effective as of November 1, 1985, a deferred compensation plan for executives as described herein, which shall be known as the DEERE COMPANY VOLUNTARY DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN (hereinafter called the Plan ). 
 1.2 Purpose . The purpose of this Plan is to provide a means whereby cash incentive awards, including performance bonus, cash bonus and profit sharing awards, or any other compensation determined by the Committee to be subject hereto, and base salary payable by the Company to key personnel may be deferred for a specified period. 

- 1 - 

Section 2. Definitions 
 2.1 Definitions . Whenever used hereinafter, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth below: 
 (a) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.
 (b) Committee means the Board Committee on Compensation of the Board.
 (c) Company means DEERE COMPANY, a Delaware corporation.
 (d) Employee means a regular salaried key employee (including officers and directors who are also employees) of the Company or its Subsidiaries, or any branch or division thereof.
 (e) Fiscal Year means the 12-month period beginning November 1 and ending October 31. 
 (f) Investment Return means any growth additions determined pursuant to Section 5.2 and any return (positive or negative) attributable to Notional Investments determined pursuant to Section 5.3.
 (g) Moody s Rate means the Moody s A rated Corporate Bond Rate.
 (h) Notional Investment Option means the mutual funds and other investment vehicles designated by the Committee to be used to measure the return (positive or negative) to be attributed to deferred amounts.
 (i) Participant means an Employee designated by the Committee to participate in this Plan.
 (j) Prime Plus Two means, as of any date of determination, the prime rate (as determined by the Federal Reserve Statistical Release for the prior month) plus 2 as of the last day of the preceding quarter.
 (k) Recordkeeper means the entity which the Company has selected to recordkeep the Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan.
 (l) Subsidiary means any corporation, a majority of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of which is directly or indirectly owned by the Company.
 (m) Transition Date means 7 October 2016.
 2.2 Gender and Number . Except when otherwise indicated by the context, any masculine terminology when used in the Plan shall also include the feminine gender, and the definition of any term herein in the singular shall also include the plural. 

- 2 - 

Section 3. Eligibility for Participation 
 3.1 Eligibility . Participation in the Plan shall be limited to those Employees of the Company or any Subsidiary who are key to the Company s growth and success and who are designated as Participants by the Committee. In the event an Employee no longer meets the requirements for Participation in this Plan, he shall become an inactive Participant, retaining all the rights described under this Plan, except the right to make any further deferrals, until the time that he again becomes an active Participant. 
 Section 4. Election to Defer 
 4.1 Deferral Amount . 
 (a) Any Participant may elect to defer any part (in 5 increments up to 95 of an award to be paid under the provisions of the John Deere Performance Bonus Plan. Such election must be made in writing prior to the beginning of the Fiscal Year upon which the award is based. Notwithstanding the Participant s election, enough of the award must be paid in cash to cover all withholding taxes. If not, the Company shall be authorized to reduce the Participant s elected deferral in 5 increments until the withholding taxes are covered.
 (b) Any Participant may elect to defer any part (in 5 increments up to 95 of base salary. Such election must be made in writing prior to the beginning of the calendar quarter in which the deferrals are to commence and shall remain in effect for all remaining calendar quarters of the calendar year. The deferral percent may be increased in subsequent calendar quarters, but may not be decreased. Notwithstanding the Participant s election, enough salary must be paid in cash to cover all withholding taxes and Participant payroll elections, such as health care premiums, Deere PAC, United Way, Optional Life Insurance, etc. If not, the Company shall be authorized to reduce the Participant s elected deferral in 5 increments until the withholding taxes and the Participant s payroll elections are covered, and the reduced deferral percent shall remain in effect until the beginning of the next calendar quarter, at which time it shall revert to the Participant s stated deferral percent subject to the same reduction potential.
 Notwithstanding amounts elected by the Participant for deferral from the John Deere Performance Bonus Plan award, the total deferred portion shall not be less than 1,000 in any given calendar year. In the event the total deferred amount is less than 1,000, it shall be paid pursuant to the normal payout 

- 3 - 

schedule for the John Deere Performance Bonus Plan. Amounts of less than 1,000 per calendar quarter shall not be deferred from salary. (c) Any Participant may elect to defer any part (in 5 increments up to 95 of a Bonus Award to be paid in cash under the provisions of the John Deere Equity Incentive Plan and any other cash incentive award that is authorized by the Committee to be deferred pursuant hereto. Such election must be in writing prior to the beginning of the calendar year in which such award would otherwise become payable. Notwithstanding the Participant s election, enough of the award must be paid in cash to cover all withholding taxes. If not, the Company shall be authorized to reduce the Participant s elected deferral in 5 increments until the withholding taxes are covered.
 4.2 Deferral Period and Payment Method . If the Participant defers any amount pursuant to Section 4.1, the Participant shall also designate the period and payment method for the deferral in the election. Payments of the deferral amounts, plus any Investment Return thereon, shall be made on the date or dates specified by the Participant in the election. However, if death, total and permanent disability, or termination (other than retirement) occurs before retirement, all remaining deferrals plus any Investment Return, shall be distributed as a single lump sum payment in January of the calendar year following the date of such death, disability or termination. 
 In all other cases, the distribution must begin on a date specified by the Participant in the election (whether the distribution is scheduled to begin before or after the date of retirement) but no later than ten years following the date of retirement. The Participant may elect to have distribution made in up to ten annual installments from the date distribution is to begin, but such distribution must be completed within ten years following retirement. If the Participant wishes to designate a distribution after retirement, the Participant may designate in the election that distribution shall begin at retirement or begin at a specified point in time, or during a specified month, following the date of retirement, (Example #1: Distribution to begin three months after retirement. Example #2: Distribution to begin the January of the year following retirement.) 4.3 Irrevocable Elections . The elections in Sections 4.1 and 4.2 are irrevocable and may not be modified or terminated by the Participant or his beneficiary. 

- 4 - 

Section 5. Deferred Accounts 
 5.1 Participant Accounts . The Recordkeeper shall establish and maintain a bookkeeping account for each Participant, to be credited as of the date the cash incentive award or salary is actually deferred. While the John Deere Performance Bonus Plan or John Deere Equity Incentive Plan deferral will be credited to the Participant s account when deferred as stated above, deferrals credited on or prior to 31 December 2016 will not begin earning growth additions under Section 5.2 until the first day of the succeeding calendar quarter following the date of deferral. Deferrals credited after 31 December 2016 will not be eligible for growth additions and instead will be allocated to Notional Investment Options as provided in Section 5.3 . While the performance of the Notional Investment Options identified in Section 5.3 will be used to determine the rate of return (positive or negative) to be credited to a Participant s account, a Participant s account will not actually be invested in any of such Notional Investment Options 
 5.2 Growth Additions . 
 (a) For periods ending on the Transition Date, each Participant s account shall be credited on the first day of each calendar quarter with a growth addition computed on the balance in the account as of the last day of the immediately preceding quarter. The growth addition shall be equal to said account balance multiplied by a growth increment. The method for determining the growth increment shall be determined from time to time by the Committee. For deferrals made through calendar 2009, interest is credited at Prime Plus Two. For deferrals made after 31 December 2009 and before 1 January 2017, growth additions are credited based on the Moody s Rate.
 (b) For periods beginning on or after the Transition Date, a Participant s account shall be credited on the first day of each calendar quarter with a growth addition in the manner provided in the Section 5.2(a), except that the growth addition shall be credited only on the portion of the Participant s account that is not allocated to other Notional Investment Options pursuant to Section 5.3 as of the last day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter. 
 5.3 Return on Participant Accounts . 
 (a) For periods beginning on the Transition Date, the Committee has established the Notional Investment Options listed on Schedule A which shall be available for exchanges and future contributions. The Committee may from time to time in its discretion modify the list of Notional Investment Options set forth on Schedule A and, as so modified, such list shall constitute the Notional Investment Options available for exchanges and future contributions occurring after the effective date of such modification. A Participant may reallocate the Participant s account balance among the 

- 5 - 

available Notional Investment Options on a daily basis pursuant to procedures established by the Committee.
 (b) Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, neither Prime Plus Two nor the Moody s Rate shall be available as a Notional Investment Option for amounts deferred after 31 December 2016. All such deferrals shall instead be allocated to one or more Notional Investment Options pursuant to a Participant s election made pursuant to paragraph (a) above and shall thereafter be available for reallocation as specified therein. With respect to amounts deferred before 1 January 2017: (I) no such amount (including return thereon) that has been allocated from Prime Plus Two to another Notional Investment Option may be reallocated to Prime Plus Two at any time; and (II) no such amount (including return thereon) that has been allocated from the Moody s Rate to another Notional Investment Option may be reallocated to the Moody s rate after 31 December 2016.
 (c) A Participant s account shall be credited (or debited) with returns (positive or negative) on the Notional Investment Options to which the Participant s account is allocated. The Recordkeeper shall from time to time calculate each Participant s account value based on the Participant s deferred amounts and elections with respect to the deemed allocation of the Participant s account among the Notional Investment Options available to the Participant. Such calculation will be based on the best information available to the Recordkeeper as of the date of determination, which information may include estimates.
 (d) The Committee may, from time to time, change the Notional Investment Options available to Participants. Nothing in the Plan shall be construed to confer on a Participant the right to continue to have any particular Notional Investment Option available for purposes of measuring the value of the Participant s account.
 (e) The value of a Participant s account is subject to risk at all times based upon the performance of the Notional Investment Options to which the Participant s account is allocated. If the value of a Participant s Notional Investment Options decreases in the future, the value of the Participant s account may be lower than the Participant s original deferred amounts. Although a Participant will not be an investor in the elected Notional Investment Options, a Participant s account will be subject to gains and losses attributable to the performance of the elected Notional Investment Options. Payment of the Participant s account is also subject to the risks associated with the Participant s status as an unsecured general creditor of the Company as described in Section 5.7.
 5.4 Effect on other Company Benefits . Salary, cash incentive awards or bonus deferred pursuant to Section 4.1 of this Plan shall not decrease in any way benefits provided under any other Company sponsored benefit plan. In the event deferrals 

- 6 - 

under this Plan decrease benefits payable under any qualified retirement plan or limit deferrals under any qualified defined contribution plan, such decrease or limit shall be restored by immediate participation in the John Deere Supplementary Pension Plan or the Defined Contribution Restoration Plan. 5.5 Charges Against Accounts . There shall be charged against each Participant s account any payments made to the Participant or to his beneficiary in accordance with Section 6 hereof. 
 5.6 Contractual Obligation . It is intended that the Company is under a contractual obligation to make payments from a Participant s account when due. Account balances shall not be financed through a trust fund or insurance contracts or otherwise unless owned by the Company. Payment of account balances shall be made out of the general funds of the Company. 
 5.7 Unsecured Interest . No Participant or beneficiary shall have any interest whatsoever in any specific asset of the Company. To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments under this Plan, such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company. 
 Section 6. Payment of Deferred Amounts 
 6.1 Payment of Deferred Amounts . Payment of a Participant s deferred salary or cash incentive award, plus any Investment Return attributable thereto, shall be paid in a lump sum or in approximately equal annual installments, in the manner elected by the Participant under Sections 4.1 and 4.2 of this Plan. 
 6.2 Financial Hardship . The Committee, at its sole discretion, may alter the timing or manner of payment of deferred amounts in the event that the Participant establishes, to the satisfaction of the Board, severe financial hardship. In such event, the Committee may: 
 (a) provide that all or a portion of the amount previously deferred by the Participant shall be paid immediately in a lump sum cash payment,
 (b) provide that all or a portion of the installments payable over a period of time shall be paid immediately in a lump sum, or
 (c) provide for such other installment payment schedules as it deems appropriate under the circumstances,
 as long as the amount distributed shall not be in excess of that amount which is necessary for the Participant to meet the financial hardship. Severe financial hardship will be deemed to have occurred in the event of the Participant s impending bankruptcy, a dependent s long and serious illness, other 

- 7 - 

events of similar magnitude or the invalidation of a deferral election by the Internal Revenue Service. The Committee s decision in passing on the severe financial hardship of the Participant and the manner in which, if at all, the payment of deferred amounts shall be altered or modified shall be final, conclusive and not subject to appeal. Section 7. Beneficiary 
 7.1 Beneficiary . A Participant may designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries who, upon his death, are to receive the distributions that otherwise would have been paid to him. All designations shall be made with the Recordkeeper. If a Participant designates a beneficiary without providing in the designation that the beneficiary must be living at the time of such distribution, the designation shall vest in the beneficiary all of the distributions whether payable before or after the beneficiary s death, and any distributions remaining upon the beneficiary s death shall be made to the beneficiary s estate. 
 A Participant may from time to time during his lifetime change his beneficiary or beneficiaries on file with the Recordkeeper. In the event a Participant shall not designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries pursuant to this Section, or if for any reason such designation shall be ineffective, in whole or in part, the distribution that otherwise would have been paid to such Participant shall be paid to his estate and in such event, the term beneficiary shall include his estate. Section 8. Rights of Employees, Participants 
 8.1 Employment . Nothing in this Plan shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to terminate any Employee s or Participant s employment at any time, nor confer upon any Employee or Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 8.2 Nontransferability . No right or interest of any Participant in this Plan shall be assignable or transferable, or subject to any lien, directly, by operation of law, or otherwise, including execution, levy, garnishment, attachment, pledge and bankruptcy. In the event of a Participant s death, payment of any amounts due under this Plan shall be made to the Participant s designated beneficiary, or in the absence of such designation, to the Participant s estate. 

- 8 - 

Section 9. Administration 
 9.1 Administration . The Committee shall be responsible for the administration of the Plan. The Committee is authorized to interpret the Plan, to prescribe, amend, and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, provide for conditions and assurances deemed necessary or advisable to protect the interest of the Company, to determine the Notional Investment Options to be offered under the Plan and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan, but only to the extent not contrary to the express provisions of the Plan. The Committee shall determine, within the limits of the express provisions of the Plan, the Employees to whom, and the time or times at which, participation shall be extended, and the amount which may be deferred. In making such determinations, the Committee may take into account the nature of the services rendered by such Employees or classes of Employees, their present and potential contributions to the Company s or its Subsidiaries success and such other factors as the Committee in its discretion shall deem relevant. The determination of the Committee, interpretation or other action made or taken pursuant to the provisions of the Plan, shall be final and shall be binding and conclusive for all purposes and upon all persons. 

- 9 - 

Section 10. Amendment, Modification and Termination of the Plan 
 10.1 Amendment, Modification and Termination of the Plan . The Committee, at any time may terminate, and at any time and from time to time and in any respect, may amend or modify the Plan, provided, however, that no such action of the Committee, without approval of the Participant, may adversely affect in any way any amounts already deferred pursuant to Section 4.1 of this Plan. 
 Section 11. Merger or Consolidation 
 11.1 Merger or Consolidation . If the Company shall be involved in a dissolution, liquidation, merger, or consolidation in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are not the surviving corporation, the Committee may: 
 (a) terminate the Plan, and all amounts deferred, plus interest additions shall become immediately payable in full, notwithstanding any other provisions to the contrary, or
 (b) permit the Plan to continue, making any necessary adjustments or modifications to reflect any impact of the dissolution, liquidation, merger, or consolidation, as determined by the Committee.
 Amounts calculated under either (a) or (b) above shall be paid in full as soon as practicable following any termination of the Plan. Section 12. Requirements of Law 
 12.1 Requirements of Law . The payment of cash pursuant to this Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and shall not be made except upon approval of proper government agencies as may be required. 
 12.2 Governing Law . The Plan, and all agreements hereunder, shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Illinois. 

- 10 - 

Section 13. Withholding Taxes 
 13.1 Withholding Taxes . The Company shall have the right to deduct from all payments under this Plan an amount necessary to satisfy any Federal, state, or local withholding tax requirements. 
 Section 14. Effective Date of the Plan 
 14.1 Effective Date . The Plan shall become effective as of November 1, 1985. 

- 11 - 

SUPPLEMENT TO DEERE COMPANY VOLUNTARY DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN APPLICABLE TO AMOUNTS DEFERRED AFTER DECEMBER 31, 2004 The following provisions will apply only to amounts deferred under the Plan after December 31, 2004 and not to amounts deferred under the Plan that were both earned and vested before January 1, 2005. Amounts deferred under the Plan prior to January 1, 2005 will be subject to the terms of the Plan without regard to this supplement. Except to the extent amended hereby, the terms of the Plan shall continue to apply to amounts deferred pursuant to the Plan. 1. The following definitions are added to Section 2 Definitions . 2.1(b) Change in Control Event means a change in ownership, a change in effective control, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of the default rules under Section 409A. 2.1(e) Disability means a participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months or is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under a disability or an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company. 2.1(i) Retirement means a Separation from Service by a Participant who is then eligible for a normal retirement benefit or an early retirement benefit within the meaning of the terms of the John Deere Pension Plan for Salaried Employees in effect as of 1 January 2007. 2.1(j) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder. 2.1(k) Section 409A Compliance shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 8.3. 2.1(l) Separation from Service means, with respect to a Participant, a separation from service within the meaning of the default rules of Section 409A; provided that for purposes of determining which entities are treated as a single service recipient with the Company, the phrase at least 20 percent shall be substituted for the phrase at least 80 percent each place it appears in Sections 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3) of the Code and Section 1.414(c)-2 of the 

- 12 - 

Treasury Regulations, as permitted under Section 1.409A-1(h)(3) of the Treasury Regulations 2.1(n) Unforeseeable Emergency means a severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from (i) an illness or accident of the Participant or his spouse, dependent (within the meaning of Section 152 of the Code, but without giving effect to Section 152(b)(1), (b)(2) and (d)(1)(B) Dependent )), (ii) the loss of the Participant s property due to casualty (including the need to rebuild a home following damage to a home not otherwise covered by insurance, for example, not as a result of a natural disaster), (iii) the imminent foreclosure of or eviction from the Participant s primary residence, (iv) the need to pay for medical expenses, including non-refundable deductibles, as well as for the costs of prescription drug medication, (v) the need to pay for the funeral expenses of a spouse, Dependent or beneficiary, or (vi) other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant. The purchase of a primary residence and the payment of college tuition shall not constitute Unforeseeable Emergencies. 2. Subsections 2.1(b) and (c) are renumbered as 2.1(c) and (d), respectively. 3. Subsection 2.1(d) is renumbered as 2.1(f). 4. Subsection 2.1(e) is renumbered as 2.1(h). 5. Subsection 2.1(f) is renumbered as 2.1(m). 6. Section 4 Election to Defer is restated in its entirety as follows: 4.1 Deferral Amount (a) Any Participant may elect to defer any part (in 5 increments up to 95 of an award to be paid under the provisions of the John Deere Short-Term Incentive Bonus Plan. Such election must be made in writing prior to the beginning of the Fiscal Year upon which the award is based. Notwithstanding the Participant s election, enough of the award must be paid in cash to cover all withholding taxes. If not, the Company shall be authorized to reduce the Participant s elected deferral in such amount as is necessary to satisfy all applicable withholding taxes. (b) Any Participant may elect to defer any part (in 5 increments up to 70 of base salary beginning with the first calendar quarter of each year. Such election must be made in writing prior to the beginning of the calendar year in which the deferrals are to commence and shall remain in effect for the remainder of the calendar year. Notwithstanding the Participant s election, enough salary must be paid in cash to cover all withholding taxes. If not, the Company shall be authorized to reduce 

- 13 - 

the Participant s elected deferral in such amount as is necessary to satisfy all applicable withholding taxes, and the reduced deferral percent shall remain in effect until the beginning of the next pay period, at which time it shall revert to the Participant s stated deferral percent subject to the same reduction potential. (c) Any Participant may elect to defer any part (in 5 increments up to 95 of any other cash incentive award that is authorized by the Committee to be deferred pursuant hereto. Such election must be in writing (i) in the case of non-performance-based compensation or compensation for services performed for less than 12 months, not later than the close of the Participant s taxable year preceding the taxable year in which services related to the award are performed; or (ii) in the case of performance-based compensation (as determined by the Committee pursuant to Section 409A) based on services performed over a period of at least 12 months, prior to the close of the Fiscal Year immediately preceding the calendar year of payment but in no event later than 6 months before the end of the performance period. Notwithstanding the Participant s election, enough of the award must be paid in cash to cover all withholding taxes. If not, the Company shall be authorized to reduce the Participant s elected deferral in such amount as is necessary to satisfy all applicable withholding taxes. 4.2 Deferral Period and Payment Method . If the Participant defers any amount pursuant to Section 4.1, the Participant shall also designate the period and payment method for the deferral in the election. The Participant may elect to have distribution made in a lump sum or in up to ten annual installments, provided that the payments must in either case be completed within ten years following the year of Retirement. Payments of the deferral amounts, plus any Investment Return thereon, shall commence on the first business day of the calendar quarter specified by the Participant in the election; provided, however, that if the Participant elects for the distribution to begin after Retirement, payment of the deferral amounts, plus any Investment Return thereon, shall commence on the first business day of the third or later calendar quarter (as elected by the Participant) following the calendar quarter of Retirement. Notwithstanding the Participant s deferral election, if death, Disability or Separation from Service occurs before Retirement, all remaining deferrals plus any Investment Return, shall be distributed as a single lump sum payment in January of the calendar year following the date of such death, Disability or Separation from Service. Additionally, no distribution upon Separation from Service (including upon Retirement or other termination but excluding upon Disability or death) may be made before the first business day of the first calendar quarter that begins at least six (6) months after such Participant s date of Separation from Service, or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, and any distribution that would be made but for application 

- 14 - 

of this provision shall instead be aggregated with, and paid together with, the first distribution scheduled to be made after the end of such six-month period (or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death). 4.3 Irrevocable Elections . The elections in Sections 4.1 and 4.2 shall become irrevocable on the day prior to the beginning of the Fiscal Year or calendar year, as applicable, and may not be modified or terminated with respect to such Fiscal Year or calendar year by the Participant or his beneficiary. Elections that provide for distributions to begin after Retirement (but not elections that provide for distributions to begin in a calendar quarter specified by the Participant) shall also apply to each succeeding Fiscal Year or calendar year, as applicable, until such election is modified or terminated as provided in the following sentence. A Participant may modify or discontinue such deferrals, or may change his or her investment choices, for future Fiscal Years or calendar years by providing an irrevocable written election delivered to the Company not later than the close of the Fiscal Year or calendar year preceding the Fiscal Year or calendar year in which the changes are to take effect. Elections that provide for distributions to begin in a calendar quarter specified by the Participant shall apply only to amounts deferred during the Fiscal Year or calendar year with respect to which such election is made. 7. Subsection 5.1 Deferred Accounts - Participant Accounts is amended by changing the phrase John Deere Equity Incentive Plan to John Deere Mid- Term Incentive Bonus Plan . 8. Subsection 6.2 Payment of Deferred Amounts - Unforeseeable Emergency is restated in its entirety as follows: 6.2 Unforeseeable Emergency . The Committee, at its sole discretion, may alter the timing or manner of payment of deferred amounts in the event that the Participant establishes, to the satisfaction of the Committee, the occurrence of an Unforeseeable Emergency. In such event, the Committee may: (a) provide that all or a portion of the amount previously deferred by the Participant shall be paid immediately in a lump sum cash payment, or (b) provide that all or a portion of the installments payable over a period of time shall be paid immediately in a lump sum, as long as, as determined under regulations of the Secretary of the United States Treasury, the amount distributed shall not be in excess of that amount which is reasonably necessary to satisfy the Unforeseeable Emergency (which may include amounts necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of such distribution(s)), after taking into account the extent to which such hardship is or may be relieved through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, or by liquidation of the Participant s assets to the extent liquidation of such assets would not cause severe financial hardship, 

- 15 - 

or by cessation of deferrals under the Plan and any other plan that would be aggregated with the Plan for purposes of Section 409A. If a Participant requests and receives a distribution on account of Unforeseeable Emergency, the Participant s deferrals under the Plan shall cease and his elections under the Plan shall be canceled. Any new deferral election following cancellation of a prior deferral election due to Unforeseeable Emergency shall be subject to the timing requirements of Sections 4.1 and 4.2 and Section 409A. The Committee s decision in passing on the occurrence of an Unforeseeable Emergency for the Participant and the manner in which, if at all, the payment of deferred amounts shall be altered or modified shall be final, conclusive and not subject to appeal. 9. Subsection 8.3 Rights of Employees, Participants - No Acceleration of Distributions) is added as follows: 8.3 No Acceleration of Distributions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Plan does not permit the acceleration of the time or schedule of any distribution under the Plan, except as would not result in the imposition on any person of additional taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A. 10. Section 10.1 Amendment, Modification and Termination of the Plan is amended by adding thereto: If the Plan is terminated, the Participant s account shall be paid in accordance with time and form of payment otherwise specified hereunder, provided that the Board of Directors or the Committee, in its discretion and in full and complete settlement of the Company s obligations under this Plan, may cause the Company to distribute the full amount of a Participant s account to the Participant in a single lump sum to the extent that such distribution may be effected in a manner that will not result in the imposition on any person of additional taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A. In addition, there is added immediately following Section 10.1 a new Section 10.2 Section 409A Amendments as follows: 10.2 Section 409A Amendments. Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan to the contrary the Board, the Committee or the Vice President of Human Resources of the Company shall have the unilateral right to amend or modify the Plan to the extent the Board, the Committee or the Vice President of Human Resources of the Company deems such action to be necessary or advisable to avoid the imposition on any person of adverse or unintended tax consequences under Section 409A, including recognition of income in respect of any benefits under this Plan before such benefits are paid or the imposition of additional taxes, penalties or interest. Any determinations made by the Board, the Committee, or the Vice President of Human Resources of the Company under this Section 10.2 shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons. 

- 16 - 

11. Section 11 Merger or Consolidation is restated in its entirety as follows: Section 11. Change in Control 11.1 Change in Control . If the Company shall experience a Change in Control Event, the Committee may: (a) terminate the Plan and all other plans of the same type that would be aggregated with the Plan under Section 409A within the twelve months following the Change in Control Event, and all amounts deferred, plus interest additions shall be distributed in full as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twelve months, following the date the aggregated plans are terminated, notwithstanding any other provisions to the contrary; or (b) permit the Plan to continue, making any necessary adjustments or modifications to reflect any impact of the Change in Control Event, as determined by the Committee; provided that such adjustments or modifications do not result in the imposition on any person of additional taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A. 

- 17 - 

SCHEDULE A Notional Investment Options BTC LIFEPATH RET G BTC LIFEPATH 2020 REPLACED ON NOVEMBER 15, 2019) G BTC LIFEPATH 2025 G BTC LIFEPATH 2030 G BTC LIFEPATH 2035 G BTC LIFEPATH 2040 G BTC LIFEPATH 2045 G BTC LIFEPATH 2050 G BTC LIFEPATH 2055 G BTC LIFEPATH 2060 G BTC LIFEPATH 2065 G S P 500 STOCK INDEX, CLASS F SMALL/MID STOCK INDEX, CLASS F INTERNATIONAL STOCK INDEX, CLASS F U.S. TIPS BOND INDEX, CLASS F U.S. BOND INDEX, CLASS F COMMODITY INDEX, CLASS F REAL ESTATE INDEX, CLASS F FIDELITY GROWTH COMPANY COMMINGLED POOL CLASS #3 BOSTON PARTNERS LARGE CAP VALUE FUND SHARE CLASS E QMA US SMALL CAP CORE EQUITY FD CL 

- 18 - 

TS W INTERNATIONAL LARGE CAP EQUITY TRUST WELLS FARGO ADVANTAGE EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY FUND CLASS R6 (REPLACED ON NOVEMBER 15, 2019) WELLS FARGO EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY CIT E2 (AVAILABLE ON NOVEMBER 15, 2019) WELLS FARGO CORE PLUS BOND FUND FIDELITY INVESTMENTS MONEY MARKET FUNDS GOVERNMENT PORTFOLIO INSTITUTIONAL CLASS (All references to BTC LIFEPATH G WERE TO BTC LIFEPATH N prior to 24 July 2020.) 

- 19 - 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 de-20211031xex10d10.htm
 EX-10.10
 
 H 
 Exhibit 10.10 JOHN DEERE STOCK OPTIONS Terms and Conditions Granted [Date] (Nonqualified) Vesting These stock options will become exercisable over a three-year period with 34 becoming exercisable one year after the grant date and 33 becoming exercisable on each of the second and third years after the grant date. Vesting is accelerated upon retirement or disability (each as defined under the John Deere 2020 Equity and Incentive Plan (Plan)), allowing you to exercise these stock options six months after the grant date. If you die while actively employed, the entire stock option amount will be exercisable immediately by your beneficiaries or heirs. Expiration These stock options will expire ten years after the grant date. If you retire on or before October 31, _________, a prorated number of these stock options will be forfeited based on the percentage determined by dividing: (i) the number of calendar months from and including the month of retirement pursuant to applicable Company plans to and including October ____; by (ii) 12. Subject to the preceding sentence, if you retire or become disabled (as defined under the Plan), you or your beneficiaries or heirs, as the case may be, can exercise these stock options within five years of separation or ten years from the date of grant, whichever comes first. If you die after retirement or becoming disabled, the exercise period may be extended to one year from date of death. If you die while actively employed, your beneficiaries or heirs can exercise these stock options within one year after the date of death or ten years from the date of grant, whichever comes first. Stock options will be cancelled upon the date of termination of employment for reasons other than death, disability or retirement. Stock options are subject to being suspended and terminated if your employment is suspended or you are placed on a leave of absence. Regardless of the circumstance, all unexercised stock options will expire ten years from the date of grant. Calculation The option price of your grant is the closing price of Deere Company common stock on the New York Stock Exchange at the conclusion of regular trading hours on the date of grant. Expenses Commissions, fees, and other expenses connected with the exercise and sale of this stock option grant are payable by you. No commissions or fees are charged if you purchase and hold the shares. Procedures Stock options are currently exercised through Fidelity. Information regarding the exercise process is available via the Internet at ___________ or by calling (__) ___-____ in the U.S. Toll-free codes for calling from outside the U.S. can be accessed via the Internet at _____________. Non-transferability You may not voluntarily or involuntarily sell, transfer, gift, pledge, assign or otherwise alienate the stock options, including but not limited to transfers related to estate planning, dissolution of marriage, collection, execution, attachment, and any other voluntary or involuntary transfer. Any attempt to do so contrary to the provisions hereof shall be null and void. Plan Information These stock options were granted under and are subject to the terms of the Plan, for which a prospectus is available at _________ . Any inconsistencies between these terms conditions and the Plan shall be resolved in accordance with the terms of the Plan. A paper copy of the prospectus is also available upon request from Deere Company Global Compensation, One John Deere Place, Moline, Illinois, 61265-8098 . The latest Deere Company Annual Report and Proxy Statement are available electronically at http://www.deere.com/stock or in hard copy upon request from Deere Company Investor Relations. 

 Beneficiary Form The Plan (the John Deere 2020 Equity and Incentive Plan) was approved in February 2020. Grants under this Plan require a new Beneficiary Designation Form and are not covered by a Beneficiary Designation Form for the prior John Deere Omnibus Equity and Incentive Plan. Beneficiary Designation Forms for completing and returning to Fidelity are available at: United States Participants: Outside the United States Participants: Your beneficiary designations for the Plan will remain in effect until changed by you and will apply to this and all future grants under the Plan. Agreement You will be considered to have agreed to the terms and conditions of this grant, including the non-compete and consulting obligations described in Section 8.2 of the Plan, if you have not notified Deere Company of any issues or problems within 150 days of the date of this notification. Grants are made by and at the discretion of the Deere Company Board of Directors Compensation Committee. This grant does not: entitle you to any future grants, benefits or participation; 
 entitle you to continued employment; 
 create any employment relationships or employment terms; 
 alter any employment agreement; or 
 become part of remuneration for purposes of determining other benefits. 
 By agreeing to the terms hereof, you agree also to the collection, processing and transfer of personal data to and from plan administrators, banks, brokers and government agencies as necessary for grant administration. Additional Terms Applicable to Participants in Salary Grade 19 and Above You will be considered to have agreed to the terms of the Executive Incentive Award Recoupment Policy if you have not notified Deere Company of any issues or problems within thirty days of the date of this notification. Additional Terms Applicable to Participants in India At the time of each stock option exercise you acknowledge and confirm that: the exercise is for your own account and you are not acting on behalf of, or as agent for, any other person; you have been informed of the conditions that must be met to benefit from the stock options and declare that you qualify for the benefits; the exercise is final and irrevocable; you will ensure and be solely responsible for providing all necessary documentation for the purpose of any action under the Plan; your employer is offering the services to arrange for the remittance of exercise amounts only for your convenience and is not responsible for liability of any kind related to such services; and the exercise will be invalid if any of your representations are incorrect. 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 4
 de-20211031xex10d11.htm
 EX-10.11
 
 18 February 2002 
 Exhibit 10.11 JOHN DEERE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND PERFORMANCE STOCK UNITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS GRANTED [DATE] Deere Company Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and Performance Stock Units (PSUs) are granted pursuant to the John Deere 2020 Equity and Incentive Plan (Plan). These terms and conditions (Terms), together with the Plan, contain the terms of your grant. You should read these Terms carefully. For the award to fully vest, you are required to actively accept the award and agree to these Terms by doing so on the Fidelity administration website __________ prior to the RSUs and PSUs being converted to shares of Common Stock. Failure to actively accept the award and Terms will result in the award being forfeited. RSUs and PSUs are elements of total executive compensation designed as long-term incentives to encourage ownership and focus on stockholder value. RSUs and PSUs are common stock equivalents and represent the right to receive an equivalent number of shares of Deere Company (Company) 1 par common stock (Common Stock) if and when certain vesting, performance and retention requirements, as detailed below, are satisfied. Individual awards are determined by the Deere Company Board of Directors Compensation Committee (Committee). Your RSUs and PSUs are subject to the following provisions: (1) Vesting Period . Except as provided in section (6) below, your RSUs and PSUs will vest on the third anniversary of the grant date. The number of PSUs that vest will be determined based on the Company s performance relative to the metrics described below as determined by the Committee. The period beginning on the grant date and ending on the third anniversary thereof is referred to as the Vesting Period . Following the Vesting Period, you will receive shares of common stock represented by your vested RSUs and vested PSUs (in each case net of any shares withheld for taxes), and your RSUs and PSUs will terminate. If you have not met your stock ownership guideline requirements at the time of the conversion, you are required to continue to hold the shares (net of any shares withheld for taxes) received upon conversion of your RSUs and PSUs until your stock ownership guidelines are met. In order to help meet ownership requirements, you can elect to pay the withholding taxes on your award in cash by contacting the Executive Compensation by no later than [date]. You may not voluntarily or involuntarily sell, transfer, gift, pledge, assign or otherwise alienate the RSUs, including but not limited to transfers related to estate planning, dissolution of marriage, collection, execution, attachment, and any other voluntary or involuntary transfer. Any attempt to do so contrary to the provisions hereof shall be null and void. (2) Deferral Election for RSUs . Notwithstanding section (1) above, you may irrevocably elect to defer the delivery of shares of Common Stock from RSU conversions that would otherwise be due by virtue of the expiration of the Vesting Period set forth in section (1) above. Any deferral election received after the date 
 1 

that is the second anniversary of the grant date shall be null and void and of no effect. The effect of making a deferral election is that the conversion to shares of Common Stock will be deferred for five years (or possibly up to ten years, if elected) from the date the conversion would have occurred. Deferral election forms may be obtained from and returned to Executive Compensation. (3) Performance Metrics for PSUs. Relative Revenue Growth. The payout for your PSUs will be determined based on the Company s compounded annual growth rate of revenues during the three-year performance period beginning on the first day of the Company s [year] fiscal year and ending on the final day of the Company s [year] fiscal year Performance Period relative to the revenue growth for the performance peer group as it is comprised on [date] Comparator Group ). Revenue growth for a company will be calculated by dividing (i) total net sales and revenues on a consolidated basis as reported Revenues for the final year of the Performance Period by (ii) Revenues for the year prior to the start of the Performance Period; raising the quotient to the one-third power; then subtracting one from the result. For members of the Comparator Group, Revenues for a year are based on the last four quarters of data available from the Company s independent data service as of [date]. Comparator Group companies will be approved by the Board Compensation Committee (BCC). A. Payout Table. The number of PSUs vested and converted to shares can range from zero to two hundred percent of the number of PSUs granted depending on relative performance according to the following table. Amounts for interim points will be interpolated. Rev. Growth vs. Comparator Group Percent of PSU Grant Vested Below 25 th percentile 0 At 25 th percentile 25 At 50 th percentile 100 At or above 75 th percentile 200 
 (4) Voting Rights . You have no voting rights with respect to the RSUs or PSUs. (5) Dividends and Other Distributions . You are entitled to receive cash payments on the RSUs equal to any cash dividends paid during the Vesting Period with respect to the corresponding number of shares of Common Stock. Dividend equivalents shall be accrued and paid in cash at the time the RSUs are converted to Common Stock. If a deferral election is made, any accrued dividend equivalents will be paid in cash following the Vesting Period and any dividend equivalents earned thereafter will be paid at approximately the same time dividends are paid with respect to the Common Stock. You are not entitled to receive cash payments on the PSUs for any cash dividends paid during the Vesting Period with respect to the Common Stock. If during the Vesting Period shares are withheld for taxes, the number of RSUs on which dividend equivalents are accrued and paid shall be reduced by the number of shares withheld. If any stock splits or stock dividends are paid in shares of Common Stock during the Vesting Period, you will receive additional RSUs or PSUs equal to the number of Common Stock shares paid with respect to the corresponding number of shares of Common Stock. These additional RSUs and PSUs will convert to shares of Common Stock at the same time as the underlying RSUs or PSUs to which they relate. 
 2 

(6) Termination of Employment . A. Retirement on or Before October 31, [year]. In the event of your retirement pursuant to the John Deere Pension Plan for Salaried Employees or any successor or similar plan of the Company or its subsidiaries on or before October 31, [year], a prorated number of these RSUs and PSUs and the related accrued dividend equivalents included in your award will be forfeited based on the percentage determined by dividing: (i) the number of calendar months from and including the month of retirement, to and including October [year]; by (ii) 12. In such event, the number of PSUs vested and converted to shares can range from zero to two hundred percent of the number of non-forfeited PSUs depending on relative performance according to section (3) above. B. Retirement: RSUs. If you separate from service within the meaning of section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), during the Vesting Period due to retirement pursuant to the John Deere Pension Plan for Salaried Employees or any successor or similar plan of the Company or its subsidiaries, then, subject to section (6)(A) above and sections (7) and (8) below: (i) your RSUs will vest on the date of your separation from service; and (ii) subject to any deferral election made pursuant to section (2) above, your RSUs will be converted into shares of Common Stock on the third anniversary of the grant date. C. Disability or Death: RSUs. In the event of a separation from service during the Vesting Period due to disability or death, then, subject to the section (6)(A) and sections (7) and (8) below: (i) your RSUs will vest on the date of your separation from service; and (ii) your RSUs will be converted into shares of Common Stock on the third anniversary of the grant date notwithstanding any deferral election that you may have made pursuant to section (2) above. D. Death or Disability following Retirement: RSUs. Following a separation from service due to retirement, if you die or become disabled during the Vesting Period, then, subject to section (6)(A) above and sections (7) and (8) below, your RSUs (all of which will have vested as a result of your separation from service due to retirement) will be converted into shares of Common Stock on the third anniversary of the grant date notwithstanding any deferral election that you may have made pursuant to section (2) above. E. Death or Disability after Vesting but before Deferred Conversion: RSUs. If you die or become disabled after the Vesting Period but before your RSUs have converted into shares of Common Stock, then, subject to section (6)(A) above and sections (7) and (8) below, your RSUs (all of which will have vested) will be converted into shares of Common Stock on the first business day in the later of the January or July following your death or disability (or, if earlier, on the date you specified in a deferral election made pursuant to section (2) above), notwithstanding any deferral election that you made pursuant to section (2) above . F. Retirement, Disability or Death: PSUs. If you separate from service during the Vesting Period due to retirement or disability pursuant to the John Deere Pension Plan for Salaried Employees, the John Deere Long-Term Disability Plan for Salaried Employees, or any successor or similar plans of the Company or its subsidiaries, or death, then, subject to section (6)(A) above and sections 
 3 

(7) and (8) below, your unvested PSUs will continue to vest over the Vesting Period and, depending on the performance of the Company relative to the metrics described in section (3) above, will be converted into shares of Common Stock on the third anniversary of the grant date. G. Death or Disability following Retirement: PSUs. Following a separation from service due to retirement, if you die or become disabled during the Vesting Period, then, subject to section (6)(A) above and sections (7) and (8) below, your unvested PSUs will continue to vest over the Vesting Period and, depending on the performance of the Company relative to the metrics described in section (3) above, will be converted into shares of Common Stock on the third anniversary of the grant date. H. Other Terminations. If you separate from service with the Company and its 50 percent or greater owned subsidiaries during the Vesting period due to your termination for cause or for any other reasons not specifically mentioned herein, all unvested RSUs and PSUs held by you at that time shall be forfeited along with any accrued dividend equivalents. RSUs and PSUs and accrued dividend equivalents are subject to forfeiture if your employment is suspended or you are placed on a leave of absence. The Committee may, at its sole discretion, waive any automatic forfeiture provisions or apply new restrictions to the RSUs or PSUs. There shall be no acceleration of the lapse of restrictions or deferral of conversions of RSUs (including without limitation pursuant to the cancellation of a deferral election as provided in sections (6)(C), (6)(D) and (6)(E) above) except as would not result in the imposition on any person of additional taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A of the Code or by regulations of the Secretary of the United States Treasury. (7) Non-Compete Condition . In the event that your employment terminates during the Vesting Period with the consent of the Committee or by reason of retirement or disability, your rights to the continued vesting of the RSUs and PSUs shall be subject to the conditions that until the Vesting Period ends, you shall (a) not engage, either directly or indirectly, in any manner or capacity as advisor, principal, agent, partner, officer, director, employee, member of any association or otherwise, in any business or activity which is at the time competitive with any business or activity conducted by the Company and (b) be available, except in the event of your death or incapacity, at reasonable times for consultations (which shall not require substantial time or effort) at the request of the Company s management with respect to phases of the business with which you were actively connected during employment, but such consultations shall not (except if your place of active service was outside of the United States) be required to be performed at any place or places outside of the United States of America or during usual vacation periods or periods of illness or other incapacity. In the event that either of the above conditions is not fulfilled, you shall forfeit all rights to any unvested RSUs and PSUs and related dividend equivalents on the date of the breach of the condition. Any determination by the Committee, which shall act upon the recommendation of the Chairman, that you are, or have, engaged in a competitive business or activity as aforesaid or have not been available for consultations as aforesaid shall be conclusive. (8) Executive Incentive Compensation Recoupment Condition. This award and prior and future Incentive Compensation (as defined in the Policy) is subject to and conditioned on your agreement to the terms of the Company s Executive Incentive 
 4 

Compensation Recoupment Policy, as amended from time to time, or any successor policy thereto (the Policy ). (9) No Employment Rights . Nothing herein confers any right or obligation on you to continue in the employ of the Company or any Subsidiary, nor shall this document affect in any way your right or the right of the Company or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, to terminate your employment at any time. Nothing herein creates an employment agreement or becomes part of remuneration for purposes of determining other benefits. Receipt of this award does not entitle you to any future awards or other considerations even if the Committee decides to continue making such awards to other employees. (10) Change of Control Events . For purposes of Article VII of the Plan as it applies to the RSUs and PSUs awarded in this letter, notwithstanding the definitions in Article VII, a Change of Control shall have the meanings assigned to Change in Control Events under Section 409A of the Code and related regulations of the Secretary of the United States Treasury. Article VII of the Plan shall be administered with respect to the RSUs and PSUs so that it complies in all respects with Section 409A and related regulations. Upon a Change of Control and a Qualifying Termination, as defined in accordance herewith, unvested PSUs will be cashed out at target grant on the basis of the Change of Control Price on the date of the Change of Control. (11) Severability . If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any part of this Agreement so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner that will give effect to the terms thereof to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. (12) Amendment . This Agreement may be amended only by a writing executed by the Company and you that specifically states that it is amending this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended solely by the Committee by a writing which specifically states that it is amending this Agreement, so long as a copy of such amendment is delivered to you, and provided that no such amendment adversely affecting your rights hereunder may be made without your written consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of the RSUs, PSUs or this Agreement in any way it may deem necessary or advisable (i) to carry out the purpose of the grant as a result of any change in applicable laws or regulations or any future law, regulation, ruling, or judicial decision, (ii) to ensure that you are not required to recognize taxable income with respect to your RSUs and PSUs prior to the time that they are converted into shares of Common Stock and are not subject to any additional taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A of the Code or (iii) to exercise the Committee s discretion to eliminate or decrease the amount of the award as reserved in the Plan; provided that any such change shall be applicable only to RSUs and PSUs which are then subject to restrictions as provided herein. (13) Consent to Personal Data. By agreeing to the terms hereof, you also agree to the collection, processing, use and worldwide transfer of your personal data to and from Deere Company and its subsidiaries, banks, brokers, plan servicers, grant administrators and government agencies as necessary for grant and Plan administration. (14) Withholding Tax Election. Upon conversion of RSUs and PSUs to Common Stock, the default election will be to withhold whole shares of stock to be issued upon the conversion and applied to the required withholding taxes. In order to help 
 5 

meet ownership requirements, you can elect to pay the withholding taxes on your award in cash by contacting the Executive Compensation by no later than [date]. In the event the RSU or PSU award becomes subject to withholding taxes prior to the conversion date, the Company may either (i) withhold RSUs and apply their value to the required withholding taxes and any additional withholding taxes created by the withholding or (ii) withhold payroll due to the Participant and apply it to the required withholding taxes. . (15) Expenses. Commissions, fees, and other expenses connected with the sale of shares following conversion of the RSUs and PSUs are payable by you. No commissions or fees are charged for holding the RSUs and PSUs and shares in the 3 rd party service provider brokerage account. (16) Conformity with Plan . Your award is issued pursuant to Article III (Performance Shares and Units) and Article IV (Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Equivalents) of the Plan and is intended to conform in all respects with the Plan. Inconsistencies between this letter and the Plan shall be resolved in accordance with the terms of the Plan. By executing and returning the enclosed copy of this letter, you agree to be bound by all the terms of the Plan and this letter. All definitions stated in the Plan shall be fully applicable to this letter. A Plan prospectus is available at the Plan Administrator website. A paper copy of the prospectus is also available upon request from Deere Company Global Compensation, One John Deere Place, Moline, Illinois 61265 or by contacting ExecComp@JohnDeere.com . (17) Beneficiary. The Plan (the John Deere 2020 Equity and Incentive Plan) was approved in February 2020. Grants under this Plan require a new Beneficiary Designation Form and are not covered by a Beneficiary Designation Form for the prior John Deere Omnibus Equity and Incentive Plan. Beneficiary Designation Forms for completing and returning to Fidelity are available at: United States Participants: Outside the United States Participants: Your beneficiary designations for the Plan will remain in effect until changed by you and will apply to this and all future grants under the Plan. 
 6 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.13>
 5
 de-20211031xex10d13.htm
 EX-10.13

Exhibit 10.13 
 DEERE COMPANY NONEMPLOYEE DIRECTOR STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN TERMS AND CONDITIONS GRANTED [DATE] Deere Company Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) are granted pursuant to the Deere Company Nonemployee Director Stock Ownership Plan (Plan). These terms and conditions (Terms), together with the Plan, contain the terms of your grant. You should read these Terms carefully. For the award to fully vest, you are required to actively accept the award and agree to these Terms by doing so on the Fidelity administration website __________ prior to the Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) being converted to shares of Common Stock. Failure to actively accept the award and Terms will result in the award being forfeited. Participation in the Plan is limited to members of the Deere Company (Deere) Board of Directors who are not currently employees of Deere. It is designed to encourage your personal interest in Deere growth and focus on stockholder value. RSUs are common stock equivalents and represent the right to receive an equivalent number of shares of Deere 1 par common stock (Stock) if and when certain retention requirements, as detailed below, are satisfied. Your RSUs are subject to the following provisions: (1) Restrictions. You may not voluntarily or involuntarily sell, pledge, assign, transfer, gift, otherwise alienate, or hypothecate the RSUs prior to their settlement in Stock including but not limited to transfers for estate planning, dissolution of marriage, collection, execution, and attachment. Any attempt to do so will be null and void. (2) Settlement of RSUs. RSUs will be settled exclusively by delivery of Stock (net of any shares withheld for taxes) upon your separation from service with Deere (Separation Date), upon your death, or upon a Change in Control. Subject to the remainder of this paragraph, when the RSUs settle, you will receive the shares. If you retire or resign from the Board prior to [date], a prorated number of these RSUs will be forfeited on your Separation Date based on the percentage determined by dividing: (i) the number of calendar months from and including the month of retirement or resignation to and including [date]; by (ii) 12. Termination of Board membership for cause or for reasons other than retirement, resignation with the consent of the Board or death will result in forfeiture of all RSUs. (3) Deferral Election. Notwithstanding the first sentence of paragraph (2) above, if prior to the last business day of the calendar year preceding the Grant Date you elected to defer delivery of the Stock, the RSUs (net of any forfeitures) will be settled in shares of Stock upon the later of your Separation Date or the first day of the calendar month specified in your deferral election (but not later than 10 years following your Separation Date) (Deferred Settlement Date). If you made a deferral election, the actual delivery of Stock (net of any shares withheld for taxes) will be made to you on the Deferred Settlement Date. The RSUs shall be retained by you until the Deferred Settlement Date and shall be non-transferable prior to settlement. (4) Voting Rights. You have no voting rights with respect to the RSUs. 

(5) Dividends and Other Distributions. You are entitled to receive cash payments on the RSUs equal to any cash dividends paid prior to settlement or forfeiture of the RSUs with respect to the corresponding number of shares of Stock. Dividend equivalents shall be paid in cash at the same time as cash dividends are paid with respect to the Stock. If any stock dividends are paid in shares of Stock prior to settlement or forfeiture of the RSUs, you will receive additional RSUs equal to the number of Stock shares paid with respect to the corresponding number of shares of Stock. These additional RSUs will convert to shares of Stock at the same time as the underlying RSUs to which they relate. (6) Conformity with Plan. Your RSU award is intended to conform in all respects with the Plan. Inconsistencies between these terms and conditions and the Plan will be resolved in accordance with the terms of the Plan. By accepting the award on , you agree to be bound by all the terms of the Plan and these terms and conditions. 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 6
 de-20211031xex10d14.htm
 EX-10.14
 
 _ 

Exhibit 10.14 
 JOHN DEERE DEFINED CONTRIBUTION RESTORATION PLAN EFFECTIVE 1 JANUARY 1997 AMENDED: 12 January 2000 EFFECTIVE: 1 January 2000 AMENDED: 28 November 2000 EFFECTIVE: 1 January 2001 AMENDED: 1 DECEMBER 2005 EFFECTIVE: 1 JANUARY 2005 AMENDED: 13 DECEMBER 2007 EFFECTIVE: 1 JANUARY 2008 AMENDED: 15 DECEMBER 2008 EFFECTIVE: 1 JANUARY 2009 AMENDED: 4 MARCH 2013 EFFECTIVE: 1 JANUARY 2013 AMENDED: 26 JUNE 2015 EFFECTIVE: 1 NOVEMBER 2015 AMENDED: 31 OCTOBER 2016 EFFECTIVE: 1 NOVEMBER 2015 AMENDED: 31 OCTOBER 2017 EFFECTIVE: 1 NOVEMBER 2016 AMENDED: 31 OCTOBER 2018 EFFECTIVE: 1 NOVEMBER 2017 AMENDED: 31 OCTOBER 2019 EFFECTIVE: 1 NOVEMBER 2018 AMENDED: 31 OCTOBER 2020 EFFECTIVE: 1 NOVEMBER 2019 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Article I. Establishment, Purpose and Construction 1.1 Establishment 1 1.2 Purpose 1 1.3 Effective Date and Plan Year 1 1.4 Application of Plan 2 1.5 Construction 2 Article II. PARTICIPATION 2.1 Eligibility to Participate 3 2.2 Effect of Transfer 3 2.3 Beneficiaries 3 Article III. CONTRIBUTIONS 3.1 Salary Deferral Allocations 4 3.2 Employer Matching Allocations 5 3.3 Deferral Elections 5 3.4 No Hardship Withdrawals 6 3.5 FICA Tax 7 Article IV. ACCOUNTS AND RATE OF RETURN 4.1 Participant Accounts 8 4.2 Rate of Return 8 4.3 Electing a Rate of Return 8 4.4 Qualified Domestic Relations Orders 9 Article V. VESTING 5.1 Vested Interest 10 5.2 Forfeiture of Non-Vested Balances 10 Article VI. DISTRIBUTIONS 6.1 Distributions for Separation from Service On and After 1 Jan 2006 10 6.2 Distributions for Separation from Service from 1 Jan 2005-31 Dec 2005 12 6.3 Distributions Prior to 1 Jan 2005 13 6.4 Death 13 6.5 Disability 13 6.6 Six-Month Delay 14 

i 

6.7 Distribution of Net Gains Realized from Rate of Return Elections 14 6.8 Employment Taxes due Upon Vesting 14 Article VII. ADMINISTRATION, AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 7.1 Employment Rights 15 7.2 Applicable Law 15 7.3 Non-Alienation 15 7.4 Withholding of Taxes 15 7.5 Unsecured Interest, Funding and Rights Against Assets 15 7.6 Effect on Other Benefit Plans 15 7.7 Administration 15 7.8 Amendment, Modification or Termination 16 7.9 409A Amendments and Modifications 16 7.10 Distribution Upon Plan Termination; Withdrawal from the Plan 16 7.11 Withdrawal from Plan 16 7.12 Definition of Subsidiary or Affiliate 17 Article VIII. DEFINITIONS 8.1 Section References 18 8.2 Terms Defined 18 Schedules Schedule A 18 

ii 

JOHN DEERE DEFINED CONTRIBUTION RESTORATION PLAN Article I. Establishment, Purpose and Construction
 1.1 Establishment . Effective 1 January 1997, Deere Company established the John Deere Defined Contribution Restoration Plan (the Plan for the benefit of the salaried employees on its United States payroll and the salaried employees of its United States subsidiaries or affiliates that have adopted the John Deere Savings and Investment Plan (the SIP ). Deere Company and its United States subsidiaries and affiliates that have adopted the SIP (jointly the Company are also deemed to have adopted this Plan. 
 Effective as of 1 January 2007 (unless otherwise provided herein), the Plan was amended pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. Amendments to the Plan adopted in 2007 are intended to align Plan provisions with prior operational changes and avoid the imposition on any Participant of taxes and interest pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. Interpretation of any portion of the Plan, if necessary, shall be consistent with this intent. 1.2 Purpose . The Company maintains a defined contribution plan, known as the John Deere Savings and Investment Plan (the SIP ), which is intended to be a qualified defined contribution plan which meets the requirements of Section 401(a) and 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the rulings and regulations thereunder (the Code ). Section 401(a)(17) of the Code limits the amount of compensation paid to a participant in a qualified defined contribution plan which may be taken into account in determining contributions under such a plan. Section 402(g) of the Code limits the amount of compensation a participant may defer in a qualified defined contribution plan. Section 415 of the Code limits the amount which may be contributed under a qualified defined contribution plan. Prior to 2007, the Plan was intended to restore contributions which, when combined with the amount actually contributed under the SIP, are reasonably comparable to the contributions which participants in the SIP would have received under such plan if there were no limitations imposed by Sections 401(a)(17), 402(g) and 415 of the Code. Effective as of 1 January, 2007, this Plan was intended to provide contributions which were reasonably comparable to the contributions which participants could have received under the SIP if they participated in the SIP and if there were no limitations imposed by Sections 401(a)(17), 402(g) and 415 of the Code. Effective as of 1 January 2013, this Plan is intended to provide contributions of an elected percentage of a Participant s eligible Compensation in excess of the limitation imposed by Section 401(a)(17) of the Code. 
 The Plan is intended to qualify as an unfunded deferred compensation plan for a select group of management or highly compensated employees, within the meaning of Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3), and 401(a)(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rulings and regulations thereunder ERISA ). 1.3 Effective Date and Plan Year . The Plan was first effective 1 January 1997. The Plan Year shall be the twelve-month period beginning on 1 November of each year and ending on 31 October of the following year with the exception of the first Plan Year which will start 1 January 1997 and end 31 October 1997. 

1 

1.4 Application of Plan . The terms of this Plan are applicable only to eligible employees of the Company as described in Section 2.1 below who become eligible to defer compensation hereunder on or after 1 January 1997. 
 1.5 Construction . Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise or unless specifically defined herein, all operative terms used in this Plan shall have the meanings specified in the SIP and the words in the masculine gender shall be deemed to include the feminine and neuter genders and the singular shall be deemed to include the plural and vice versa. References to Sections are references to sections in the Plan, unless otherwise provided. 

2 

Article II. PARTICIPATION
 2.1 Eligibility to Participate . 
 (a) Effective as of 1 January 2006, any Employee not participating in the Traditional Option under the SIP who is an active Employee on 31 October of a calendar year shall be eligible to participate in the Plan (a Participant during the subsequent calendar year, provided they have eligible Compensation for the calendar year of participation in excess of the limit under Section 401(a)(17) of the Code that was in effect for the immediately preceding calendar year. (b) Prior to 2006, any employee participating in the Contemporary Option under the SIP whose salary deferral and matching contribution under the SIP are reduced by the limitations imposed by Sections 401(a)(17), 402(g) and 415 of the Code shall be eligible to participate in the Plan. 2.2 Effect of Transfer . An Employee who is a Participant in this Plan and who ceases to be an eligible Employee as described in Section 2.1 above shall cease participation in the Plan; however, any past contributions and applicable matching contributions will continue to be accounted for as elected by the employee subject to Section 4.2 of this Plan. 
 2.3 Beneficiaries . Beneficiaries under this Plan shall be determined in accordance with Section 8.6 of the SIP; however, beneficiaries for this Plan shall be designated on a separate form and may be an individual or individuals other than beneficiaries designated under the SIP. 

3 

Article III. CONTRIBUTIONS
 3.1 Deferral Allocations . 
 (a) Effective 1 January 2007 . Effective as of 1 January 2007, pursuant to one or more deferral agreements in force under this Plan and subject to this Article III, the maximum amount of Deferral Allocations (as defined in Section 3.3 hereof) that may be allocated during a calendar year to a Participant s Account under this Plan is determined as follows: (i) the deferral percentage elected under this Plan not to exceed 6 , multiplied by, (ii) eligible Compen sation for a calendar year in excess of the limit under Section 401(a)(17) of the Code that was in effect for the immediately preceding calendar year. A Participant s deferrals under the Plan shall not commence until such Participant s Compensation from such calendar year exceeds the amount determined pursuant to Section 3.1(a)(ii). (b) Prior to 2007 . Prior to January 1, 2007, pursuant to a salary deferral agreement in force under the SIP and subject to the provisions hereof, any amount of contribution up to 6 of Compensation for a calendar year that is restricted under Section 401(a)(17), Section 402(g) or 415 of the Code shall be allocated to a Participant s salary deferral account under the Plan. (c) Eligible Compensation . For purposes of Sections 3.1(a)(ii) and 3.3: (i) Compensation for purposes of Deferral Allocations (as defined in Section 3.3 hereof) under the Plan shall be Compensation as defined under the terms of the SIP in effect on 1 January 2007, which is paid to a Participant during the period beginning on the date on which such Participant first commences participation in the Plan and ending on the date of such Participant s Separation from Service; provided , however , that such definition of Compensation under the SIP shall be applied without giving effect to the exclusion of amounts deferred under nonqualified deferred compensation plans, which are not considered compensation within the meaning of Section 415 of the Code and are not included in the definition of Compensation under the terms of the SIP; provided , further , that for avoidance of doubt, amounts received while a Participant is on a Special Paid Leave of Absence shall be considered Compensation for purposes of this Plan; and provided , further , that for avoidance of doubt, amounts received by a Participant after such Participant s Separation from Service are not considered Compensation for purposes of this Plan, whether or not such amounts are received in respect of services performed prior to the Participant s Separation from Service. 

4 

(ii) Compensation payable after 31 December of a calendar year for services performed during the final payroll period of such calendar year containing such 31 December shall be treated as Compensation for the subsequent calendar year; (iii) Compensation for Participants who participate in the Contemporary Option under the SIP shall include Performance-Based Compensation received under the John Deere Short-Term Incentive Bonus Plan; and (iv) Sales commissions shall be deemed earned in the calendar year in which the customer remits to the Company the payment to which such Compensation relates. (v) Compensation shall include salary continuation benefits paid to a Disabled Participant during the 12-month period beginning on the Participant s absence from work due to Disability and ending on the date on which benefits commence under the Company s long-term disability plan, plus any Performance-Based Compensation received under the John Deere Short-Term Incentive Bonus Plan during such period, if any. 3.2 Employer Matching Allocations . Employer matching contributions, if any, corresponding to Deferral Allocations under Section 3.1 above shall be allocated to a matching account under this Plan. Employer matching contributions under this Plan will be determined as described in Article IV, Section 4.1(b) of the SIP. 
 3.3 Deferral Elections . 
 (a) Effective 1 January 2007 . (i) A Participant s deferral allocation under the Plan (the Deferral Allocation with respect to Performance-Based Compensation for services performed during a Plan Year commencing on or after 1 November 2006 and with respect to all other Compensation for services performed during a calendar year commencing on or after 1 January 2007 that is not Performance-Based Compensation (including commission compensation earned during the calendar year) shall be irrevocably determined pursuant to such Participant s deferral agreement in effect under this Plan as of 31 October preceding the beginning of the Plan Year (in the case of Performance-Based Compensation) and the beginning of the calendar year (for all other Compensation); provided , however , that the Deferral Allocation under the Plan shall not exceed 6 of the Participant s Compensation; and provided further that the Participant s deferral agreement shall remain in effect for subsequent years until revoked or modified. Any such revocation or modification executed during a Plan Year shall become effective for Performance-Based compensation for the subsequent Plan Year and for other Compensation earned in the calendar year commencing after the end of the Plan Year in which the revocation or modification occurs. 

5 

(ii) Effective for calendar years commencing on or after 1 January 2007 and Plan Years commencing on or after 1 November 2006, an eligible Employee who does not have a Deferral Allocation in place on 31 October shall not be permitted to participate in the Plan during the following calendar year or Plan Year. (iii) A Participant s elections with respect to his deferral agreement under the SIP shall have no effect on such Participant s Deferral Allocation under the Plan. (b) 1 January 2006 to 31 December 2006 . With respect to the calendar year commencing 1 January 2006 and the Plan Year commencing 1 November 2005, a Participant s Deferral Allocation shall be based on the Participant s deferral agreement under the SIP in effect as of 31 December 2005. (c) 1 January 2005 to 31 December 2005 . With respect to the calendar year beginning 1 January 2005 and the Plan Year beginning 1 November 2004, a Participant shall be permitted, through 15 March 2005, pursuant to Q A 21 in Notice 2005-1, to make a new Deferral Allocation election or increase an existing Deferral Allocation with respect to amounts that have not been paid or that have not become payable at the time of such election; provided that the Participant s deferral agreement under the SIP in effect as of 15 March 2005 shall determine such Participant s Deferral Allocations under the Plan for the remainder of the 2005 calendar year; and provided further that such election with respect to the Plan shall not exceed 6 of the Participant s Compensation and shall be in accordance with procedures established by the Plan Administrator. (d) Prior to 1 January 2005 . Effective 1 January 1997 or the first day of any subsequent month through December 1, 2004, an eligible Employee may elect to defer Compensation by completing a written election no later than the last work day of any month authorizing the Company to defer a percentage of Compensation under Section 4.8 of the SIP, provided that such employee is participating in the Contemporary Option under the SIP. Such election will remain in force until changed or revoked by the Employee or the Employee ceases to be eligible to participate according to Article II of this Plan. 3.4 No Hardship Withdrawals . Hardship withdrawals from a Participant s Account under the Plan shall not be permitted. Effective as of 1 January 2006, if a Participant receives a distribution of a Hardship Withdrawal from the SIP, his Deferral Allocation for purposes of the Plan shall cease and the election set forth in his deferral agreement under the Plan shall be cancelled. A new Deferral Allocation with respect to the Plan following the cancellation of a prior Deferral Allocation due to a Hardship Withdrawal under the SIP shall be subject to the timing requirements of Section 3.3 and Section 409A. 

6 

3.5 FICA Tax . All Deferral Allocations are subject to FICA tax in the payroll period in which they are deferred. Such FICA taxes will be withheld only as necessary from the Participant s Compensation prior to any deferral under this Plan. 

7 

Article IV. ACCOUNTS AND RATE OF RETURN
 4.1 Participant Accounts . Bookkeeping accounts will be maintained for each participant under the Plan and shall be credited with a rate of return as provided in Section 4.2 below. Such rate of return for the notional investment options described in section 4.2(a) shall be credited monthly, as of the end of the last business day of the month, and the rates of return for the notional investment options described in section 4.2(b) shall be credited daily. While the performance of the notional investment options identified in sections 4.2(a) and 4.2(b) will be used to determine the rate of return (positive or negative) to be credited to a Participant s Account, a Participant s Account will not actually be invested in any of such notional investment options. 
 4.2 Rate of Return . 
 (a) The rate of return for a Participant s Account shall be the average of Prime Rate plus two percent as determined by the Federal Reserve statistical release for the month immediately preceding the month for which such rate shall be credited to Account balances for Deferral Allocations and Employer matching contributions under this Plan. Alternatively, a Participant may elect a rate of return equal to the average of the S P 500 Index for the month immediately preceding the month for which such rate shall be credited to Account balances for Deferral Allocations and Employer matching contributions under this Plan. Effective 1 November 2015, the above two notional investment options are frozen to future contributions and exchanges into these two notional investment options. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, exchanges out of these two notional investment options will still be permitted. (b) Effective 2 November 2015 the notional options listed on Schedule A shall become available for exchanges and effective 3 November 2015, the same notional investment options shall be available to future contributions. The Administrator may from time to time in its discretion modify the list of notional investment options set forth on Schedule A and, as so modified, such list shall constitute the notional investment options available for exchanges and future contributions occurring after the effective date of such modification. 4.3 Electing a Rate of Return . A Participant shall be permitted to make an election or to modify an election then in effect regarding the rate of return applicable to existing balances and future contributions at any time. A Participant may elect any of the above rates of return listed in section 4.2(b) for any portion of the Account in whole percentage increments (provided that no such election may be made with respect to any portion of the Account having a value of less than 250). The sum of all such portions must equal 100 . If a Participant submits a Deferral Allocation to the Recordkeeper, but fails to submit an election regarding the rate of return, the rate of return for such Participant s 

8 

future contributions shall be the BTC LifePath Fund closest to the participant s 65 th birthday until modified by the Participant in accordance with this Section 4.3. 4.4 Qualified Domestic Relations Orders . In the event of a Qualified Domestic Relations Order, a separate account will be established for any qualified alternate payee subject to Article V. No portion of the non-vested Employer matching contributions or earnings thereon may be assigned to the Alternate Payee. Distributions to the Alternate Payee will be made on the same schedule that would apply were such amounts distributed to the Participant pursuant to Article VI, except to the extent that the Qualified Domestic Relations Order provides otherwise. The Administrator may accelerate the time or schedule of payment under the Plan to an Alternate Payee to the extent necessary to fulfill a Qualified Domestic Relations Order including to a date determined without regard to the Participant s employment status. 

9 

Article V. VESTING
 5.1 Vested Interest . A Participant shall be fully vested in the portion of the Account comprised of Deferral Allocations and gains or losses thereon. Furthermore, the Participant shall be 100 vested in the Employer matching contributions and the gains or losses thereon after attaining three years of service credit (as determined under the SIP). In the event of a Qualified Domestic Relations Order, no portion of non-vested Employer matching contributions or the gains or losses thereon may be assigned to the alternate payee. 
 5.2 Forfeiture of Non-Vested Balances . A Participant who incurs a Separation from Service prior to three years of service credit shall forfeit all Employer matching contributions and the earnings thereon. In the event a Participant is rehired by the Company within five (5) years following such Separation from Service with the Company and, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the SIP, such Participant earns three years of service credit (including any service credit earned prior to the initial Separation from Service), all forfeited Employer matching contributions and growth additions up to the date of the Participant s Separation from Service with the Company shall be restored to the Participants Account. 
 Article VI. DISTRIBUTIONS
 6.1 Distributions for Separation from Service On and After 1 January 2006 . 
 (a) Participants Retirement Eligible as of 31 December 2005 . (i) A Participant who is Retirement Eligible as of 31 December 2005 and incurs a Separation from Service on or after 1 January 2006 shall be permitted, subject to Sections 6.4 and 6.5, to irrevocably elect the form of distribution for his Account, pursuant to Section 6.3 and this Section 6.1(a)(i), paid, at the Participant s election, either (A) the first day of the month containing the date that is six months and one day after his Separation from Service, plus one day for each day of Vacation, (B) one or more years after his Separation from Service or (C) on a date specified by the Participant, provided that if such specified date is a date prior to the Participant s Separation from Service, then such specified date shall be disregarded and the Account shall be distributed on the date that is six months and one day after the Separation from Service , plus one day for each day of Vacation . Elections pursuant to this Section 6.1(a)(i) shall be made by no later than 31 December 2005 in accordance with procedures established by the Administrator and shall provide that distribution of the Account shall begin no later than 1 January of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 75. An election made pursuant to this Section 6.1(a)(i) shall apply to a Participant s entire Account, including amounts credited to the Account after 31 December 2005. 

10 

(ii) If a Participant described in Section 6.1(a)(i) does not make a timely election pursuant to Section 6.1(a)(i), his Account shall be paid in accordance with Section 6.1(b). (b) Participants Retirement Eligible After 31 December 2005 Who Separate from Service After Becoming Retirement Eligible . Effective as of 1 January 2006, the Account of a Participant (i) who becomes Retirement Eligible after 31 December 2005, and (ii) whose Separation from Service occurs after he becomes Retirement Eligible, shall be paid in five annual installments. The amount and timing of each annual installment shall be determined as follows: (i) The initial annual installment shall be an amount that is substantially equal to one-fifth of the value of the Participant s Account determined as of the last valuation date of the month immediately preceding the Measurement Date, and shall be paid on the last day of the month following the month which contains the Measurement Date. For purposes of Section 6.1, Measurement Date means the date that is the first anniversary of the Participant s Separation from Service , plus one day for each day of Vacation. (ii) The second annual installment shall be an amount that is substantially equal to one-fourth of the value of the Participant s Account determined as of the last valuation date of the month immediately preceding the date that is the first anniversary of the Measurement Date, and shall be paid on the last day of the month following the month which contains the first anniversary of the Measurement Date. (iii) The third annual installment shall be an amount that is substantially equal to one-third of the value of the Participant s Account determined as of the last valuation date of the month immediately preceding the date that is the second anniversary of the Measurement Date, and shall be paid on the last day of the month following the month which contains the second anniversary of the Measurement Date. (iv) The fourth annual installment shall be an amount that is substantially equal to one-half of the value of the Participant s Account determined as of the last valuation date of the month immediately preceding the date that is the third anniversary of the Measurement Date, and shall be paid on the last day of the month following the month which contains the third anniversary of the Measurement Date. (v) The fifth annual installment shall be an amount that is equal to the entire remaining balance in the Participant s Account and shall be paid on the date that is the fourth anniversary of the Measurement Date. (c) Participants Not Retirement Eligible When Separated . Effective as of 1 January 2006, the Account of a Participant (i) who is not Retirement Eligible as of 31 

11 

December 2005, and (ii) whose Separation from Service occurs after 31 December 2005 and prior to the date on which he becomes Retirement Eligible shall be paid in a single lump sum on the last day of the month following the month in which the first anniversary of such Participant s Separation from Service occurs. 6.2 Distributions for Separation from Service from 1 January 2005 to 31 December 2005 . 
 (a) General Rule . A Participant who incurs a Separation from Service between 1 January 2005 and 31 December 2005 inclusive shall be permitted to elect, in accordance with procedures established by the Administrator to receive his 409A Account in any of the payment forms specified in Section 6.3. The 409A Account shall be distributed at the time (or over a period of years) specified by the Participant; provided that the Participant shall not be permitted to elect a date that is earlier than 30 days following (i) the last day of the month in which the Participant s Separation from Service occurs (ii) plus one day for each day of Vacation in the case of Retirement or no later than 1 January of the year following the year in which the Participant attains age 75. If a Participant elects to receive his 409A Account in the form of installments of decrementing amounts or a specified amount, each installment subsequent to the first shall be paid on the anniversary of first installment. The election pursuant to this Section 6.2(a) shall be made by no later than 31 December 2005. (b) No Election . If a Participant described in Section 6.2(a) does not make a timely election, his 409A Account shall be paid in accordance with Section 6.1(c). (c) Grandfathered Account . During calendar year 2005, a Participant s Grandfathered Account shall be distributed in accordance with Section 6.3. (d) Section 409A Transition Rules . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan, effective, unless otherwise provided, as of 1 January 2005 with respect to the 409A Account of a Participant and 1 January 2006 with respect to the Account: (i) Timing of Elections and Plan Amendments . Except as otherwise provided in Section 6.2(d)(ii), to the extent that any Participant makes, on or prior to 31 December 2005, a payment election or the Company amends, on or prior to 31 December 2007, Plan provisions regarding the time and form of payment of a Participant s 409A Account, with respect to all or a portion of the amounts previously deferred that are subject to Section 409A, such election and amendment shall be deemed to be made pursuant to Q A 19(c) in Notice 2005-1. (ii) Termination of Participation; Cancellation of Deferral . To the extent that a Participant receives in the 2005 calendar year a distribution of all, or any portion, of his 409A Account or prospectively cancels or reduces in the 2005 calendar year all or any portion of his Salary Deferral Allocation election under the SIP, as the case may be, such distribution or cancellation shall be deemed a whole or partial (as the case may be) (i) termination of such 

12 

Participant s 409A Account or (ii) cancellation of such Participant s deferral election under the Plan, each pursuant to Q A 20(a) of Notice 2005-1. 6.3 Distributions Prior to 1 January 2005 . 
 (a) Time and Manner . Distribution of a Participant s Account shall commence as soon as practicable after the valuation date at the end of the month following 30 days after the Participant s termination of employment or 60 days following a Participant s death in accordance with the election in 6.3(b) below and form of distribution shown in 6.3(c). Termination of employment for the purposes of this Plan shall include retirement and Long-Term Disability status on or after 1 November 1998. Distribution must begin no later than 1 January of the year following the year the Participant reaches age 75. (b) Election . A Participant shall make an irrevocable election regarding the time and manner of distribution no later than 30 days following termination of employment. Termination of employment for the purposes of this Plan shall include retirement and Long-Term Disability status on or after 1 November 1998. If the Participant s employment is terminated by death, any eligible beneficiary shall make such irrevocable election within 60 days following the Participant s death. (c) Form of Distribution . (i) A single lump sum payment (ii) A specified dollar amount each year until Account balance reaches zero. (iii) A decrementing yearly withdrawal over a specific period of time which results in a zero Account balance. In the event of the death of the Participant or a Qualified Domestic Relations Order, such beneficiaries or the Alternate Payee must take distribution as a single lump sum payment within 180 days following the event. 6.4 Death . Upon the death of a Participant, his 409A Account, if the death occurs in calendar year 2005, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 6.1, 6.2 or 6.5 regarding the time or form of payment, his Account (or the remainder of his Account, if benefits have already commenced), if the death occurs on or after 1 January 2006, shall be paid to his beneficiaries in a lump sum on the first day of the month following the date of the Participant s death. 
 6.5 Disability . A Participant who incurs a Separation from Service due to a Disability on or after January 1, 2006 shall receive a distribution of his Account in accordance with Section 6.1(b) or (c), as applicable. A Participant s Separation from Service due to Disability shall be deemed to occur on the date that is 29 months after the first day of Participant s absence from work due to Disability. 

13 

6.6 Six-Month Delay . Distributions on or after 1 January 2005 of a Participant s 409A Account and on or after 1 January 2006 of a Participant s Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section 409A. To the extent such distributions are made in connection with a Participant s Separation from Service for any reason other than death and the Participant is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A, as determined under the Company s established methodology for determining specified employees, on the date on his Separation from Service, such distributions shall not commence to be paid on any date prior to the first business day after the date that is six months following the Participant s Separation from Service. 
 6.7 Distribution of Net Gains Realized from Rate of Return Elections . Any net gain credited to a Participant s Account pursuant to an election made pursuant to Section 4.3 hereof shall be distributed at the same time and in the same manner as the remainder of his Account is distributed in accordance with Sections 6.1 through 6.6. 
 6.8 Employment Taxes due Upon Vesting . To the extent permitted under Section 409A, the Company may distribute an amount from a Participant s Account to cover employment taxes payable on account of employer matching contributions (and earnings thereon) as well as related income tax withholding due on such distribution. 

14 

Article VII. ADMINISTRATION, AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION
 7.1 Employment Rights . Nothing under this Plan shall be construed to give any employee the right to continue employment with the Company or to any benefits not specifically provided herein. 
 7.2 Applicable Law . This Plan, to the extent it is not exempt therefrom, shall be governed and construed in accordance with the applicable provisions of ERISA. To the extent not governed by ERISA, this Plan shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, exclusive of conflict laws. 
 7.3 Non-Alienation . Except as provided in Section 10.5 of the SIP and Section 4.4 of this Plan, no right or benefit under this Plan shall be subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge. No right or benefit under this Plan shall in any manner be liable for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities or torts of the person entitled to such benefits except for such claims as may be made by the Company. 
 7.4 Withholding of Taxes . The Company, or its designee, may withhold from any payment of benefits under this Plan any income, employment or other taxes required to be withheld, including any taxes for which the Company or its designee may be liable with respect to the payment of such benefits. 
 7.5 Unsecured Interest, Funding and Rights Against Assets . No participant, surviving spouse, beneficiaries, or qualified alternate payee shall have any interest whatsoever in any specific asset of the Company. To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments under this Plan, such rights shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company. Account balances shall not be financed through a trust fund or insurance contracts or otherwise unless owned by the Company. Payment of Account balances shall be paid in cash from the general funds of the Company. All expenses of administering this Plan shall be borne by the Company. 
 7.6 Effect on Other Benefit Plans . Amounts payable under this Plan, including Employer matching allocations and growth additions, shall not be considered compensation for purpose of any qualified or non-qualified retirement plan maintained by the Company. The treatment of such amounts under any other plan of the Company shall be determined under the provisions of such plan. 
 7.7 Administration . 
 (a) This Plan shall be administered by the Administrator. The Administrator shall have the power to construe and interpret this Plan, decide all questions of eligibility and determine the amount, manner, and time of payment of any benefits hereunder. All determinations of the Administrator shall be final, binding, and conclusive on all persons. (b) The Administrator shall not accelerate or delay payment under the Plan except to the extent that such acceleration (including as a result of a change in control within the meaning of the default provisions of Section 409A and the final 

15 

regulations promulgated thereunder) or delay shall not cause any person to incur additional taxes, interest or penalties under Section 409A Section 409A Compliance ). 7.8 Amendment, Modification or Termination . The Board of Directors of the Company, or, the Management Compensation Committee of the Company, may at any time amend or modify this Plan in their sole discretion, provided that this Plan shall not be amended or modified so as to reduce or diminish the Accounts of participant s or benefits then currently being paid to any participant, surviving spouse, beneficiary, or former participant without such person s consent. The power to terminate this Plan shall be reserved to the Board of Directors of Deere Company. The procedure for amendment or modification of the Plan by either the Board of Directors, or, to the extent so authorized, the Management Compensation Committee of the Company, as the case may be, shall consist of the lawful adoption of a written amendment or modification to the Plan by majority vote at a validly held meeting or by unanimous written consent, followed by the filing of such duly adopted amendment or modification by the Secretary with the official records of the Company. 
 7.9 409A Amendments and Modifications . Notwithstanding anything in Section 7.8 to the contrary, the Vice President of Human Resources of the Company and any successor thereof shall have the unilateral right to amend or modify the Plan to the extent the Vice President of Human Resources and any successor thereof deems such action to be necessary or advisable to avoid the imposition on any person of adverse or unintended tax consequences under Section 409A. Any determinations of the Vice President, Human Resources or the successor thereof pursuant to this Section 7.9 shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons. 
 7.10 Distribution Upon Plan Termination; Withdrawal from the Plan . 
 (a) If the Plan is terminated pursuant to Section 7.8, payment of Participant Accounts shall be made in accordance with Article VI, except to the extent that the Board of Directors of the Company or the Management Compensation Committee of the Company determines, in its sole discretion and in full and complete settlement of the Company s obligations under this Plan, to distribute the full amount of a Participant s Account to the Participant; provided that such distribution may be effected in a manner that will result in Section 409A Compliance. (b) If a participating subsidiary or affiliate withdraws from the Plan pursuant to Section 7.11, payment of Participant Accounts shall be made in accordance with Section 6.1 or 6.2, as applicable. 7.11 Withdrawal from Plan . If an adopting subsidiary or affiliate which is participating in this Plan subsequently determines that it no longer wants to participate in this Plan or have its employees participate in this Plan, that subsidiary or affiliate must request permission from Deere Company to withdraw from participating in this Plan. If the Company grants such permission, such subsidiary or affiliate will immediately thereafter cease to participate in this Plan and its employees will cease to be participants in this 

16 

Plan unless and until such subsidiary or affiliate thereafter requests permission to again participate in this Plan. 7.12 Definition of Subsidiary or Affiliate . In order for a subsidiary or affiliate of the Company to participate in this Plan, Deere Company must own, directly or indirectly, at least 80 percent of the outstanding stock of such subsidiary or affiliate. 
 If during its affiliation with the Plan, a subsidiary or an affiliate s ownership by the Company falls below the 80 percent required level, such subsidiary or affiliate is automatically dropped from participation in this Plan and its employees are similarly dropped from being participants in this Plan. If a subsidiary or affiliate of Deere Company which is covered by this Plan ceases to be a subsidiary or affiliate, the participation in this Plan by the employees of such subsidiary or affiliate shall terminate, and no employees of such former affiliate or subsidiary shall accrue or be entitled to a benefit under this Plan on and after the date such company ceases to be a subsidiary or affiliate of Deere Company (other than former employees who were receiving benefit payments as of such date). 

17 

Article VIII. DEFINITIONS
 8.1 Section References . All references to sections are, unless otherwise indicated, references to sections of the Plan. 
 8.2 Terms Defined . Whenever used in the Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 
 409A Account means the portion of a Participant s account under the Plan the right to which is not both earned and vested on December 31, 2004. Account means, effective as January 1, 2006, a Participant s Grandfathered Account and 409A Account. Administrator means the Company. Deferral Allocation means, with respect to a Participant, the deferral allocation election under the Plan applicable to Performance-Based Compensation and all other Eligible Compensation. Disability means an absence from work due to a disability as determined under the long-term disability plan or practice of the Company for 12 months or longer, or, if earlier, the date on which a Participant s reemployment with the Company ceases to be guaranteed. Grandfathered Account means the portion of a Participant s account under the Plan the right to which is both earned and vested on December 31, 2004. The Grandfathered Account shall be subject to the Prior Plan. Notice 2005-1 means Notice-2005-1 promulgated by the U.S. Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service., as clarified and expanded by Final Regulations under Section 409A and Notice 2006-79. Performance-Based Compensation means performance-based compensation within the meaning of Section 409A. Prior Plan means the terms of the Plan in effect immediately prior to 1 January 2005, as set forth in the Company s written documents, rules, practices and procedures applicable to this Plan (but without regard to any amendments thereto after 3 October 2004 that would result in any material modification, within the meaning of Section 409A and Notice 2005-1, of the Grandfathered Benefit). Retirement Eligible means eligible for a normal retirement benefit or an early retirement benefit within the meaning of the terms of the John Deere Pension Plan for Salaried Employees--Contemporary Option in effect as of 1 January 2007. Section 409A means Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rulings and regulations thereunder. 

18 

Separation from Service means, with respect to a Participant, a separation from service within the meaning of the default rules of Section 409A; provided , however , that, notwithstanding anything in Section 7.12 to the contrary, for purposes of determining which entities are treated as a single service recipient with the Company, the phrase at least 20 percent shall be substituted for the phrase at least 80 percent each place it appears in Sections 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3) of the Code and Section 1.414(c)-2 of the Treasury Regulations, as permitted under Section 1.409A-1(h)(3) of the Treasury Regulations; and provided further that, solely for purposes of an Account consisting exclusively of a Grandfathered Account, Separation from Service shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the Prior Plan. Vacation means one or more days, as the case may be, of such vacation to which the Participant is entitled pursuant to the policies and practices of the Company then in effect and (i) as of the date of the Participant s Separation from Service, deferred from a prior anniversary year and unused as of such Separation from Service, (ii) earned in the current anniversary year and unused as of such Separation from Service and (iii) if a Participant s Vacation described in clause (i) or (ii) of this definition is used in the anniversary year following the anniversary year in which such Separation from Service occurs, earned in such following anniversary year, whether or not used by the Participant. 

19 

SCHEDULE A Notional Investment Options BTC LIFEPATH RET G BTC LIFEPATH 2020 G (REPLACED ON NOVEMBER 15, 2019) BTC LIFEPATH 2025 G BTC LIFEPATH 2030 G BTC LIFEPATH 2035 G BTC LIFEPATH 2040 G BTC LIFEPATH 2045 G BTC LIFEPATH 2050 G BTC LIFEPATH 2055 G BTC LIFEPATH 2060 G BTC LIFEPATH 2065 G (AVAILABLE ON NOVEMBER 15, 2019 S P 500 STOCK INDEX, CLASS F SMALL/MID STOCK INDEX, CLASS F INTERNATIONAL STOCK INDEX, CLASS F U.S. TIPS BOND INDEX, CLASS F U.S. BOND INDEX, CLASS F COMMODITY INDEX, CLASS F REAL ESTATE INDEX, CLASS F FIDELITY GROWTH COMPANY COMMINGLED POOL CLASS #3 BOSTON PARTNERS LARGE CAP VALUE FUND SHARE CLASS E QMA US SMALL CAP CORE EQUITY FD CL 

20 

TS W INTERNATIONAL LARGE CAP EQUITY TRUST WELLS FARGO ADVANTAGE EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY FUND CLASS R6 (REPLACED ON NOVEMBER 15, 2019) WELLS FARGO EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY CIT E2 (AVAILABLE ON NOVEMBER 15, 2019) WELLS FARGO CORE PLUS BOND FUND BLENDED INTEREST FUND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENT FUND W (All references to BTC LIFEPATH G WERE TO BTC LIFEPATH N prior to 24 July 2020.) 

21 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 7
 de-20211031xex10d15.htm
 EX-10.15
 
 _ 

Exhibit 10.15 
 JOHN DEERE SUPPLEMENTAL PENSION BENEFIT PLAN AMENDED: 1 November 1987 AMENDED: 24 February 1988 AMENDED: 28 February 1990 AMENDED: 27 February 1991 AMENDED: 29 May 1991 AMENDED: 26 August 1992 AMENDED: 09 December 1992 AMENDED: May 1993 Effective: 01 July 1993 AMENDED: 08 December 1993 Effective: 01 July 1993 AMENDED: 07 December 1994 AMENDED: May 1995 Effective: 01 January 1995 AMENDED: 13 December 1995 Effective: 01 January 1995 AMENDED: 04 December 1996 Effective: 01 January 1997 AMENDED: 07 January 1998 Effective: 01 January 1998 AMENDED: 26 May 1999 - Effective: 26 May 1999 AMENDED: 19 July 1999 - Effective: 01 July 1999 AMENDED: 06 August 1999 Effective: 01 August 1999 AMENDED: 02 November 1999 Effective: 01 November 1999 AMENDED: 31 July 2000 Effective: 01 Jan 2000 (Item (1 2) 01 Apr 2000 (Item (3) (See Resolution for Item explanation) AMENDED: 29 January 2002 - Effective: 01 January 2002 AMENDED: 1 December 2005 Effective: 1 January 2005 AMENDED: 13 December 2007 Effective: 1 January 2007 AMENDED: 29 October 2008 Effective: 1 November 2008 

i 

AMENDED: 30 June 2009 Effective: 1 July 2009 AMENDED: December 2011 EFFECTIVE: 1 October 2011 AMENDED: 15 October 2014 Effective 1 November 2014 AMENDED: 31 DECEMBER 2020 Effective 31 December 2020 

ii 

JOHN DEERE SUPPLEMENTAL PENSION BENEFIT PLAN TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents Section Page 
 Section 1. Purpose and Establishment 1.1 Establishment and Amendment of the Plan 1 
 1.2 Purpose 1 
 1.3 Cost of Benefits 1 
 1.4 Application of Plan 1 
 1.5 Administration, Amendment and Termination 1 
 1.6 Nonencumbrance of Benefits 2 
 1.7 Employment Rights 2 
 1.8 Severability 2 
 1.9 Applicable Law 3 
 Section 2. Definitions 2.1 Definitions 3 
 2.2 Gender and Number 7 
 Section 3. Supplemental Pension Benefit 3.1 Eligibility 8 
 3.2 Amount 8 
 3.3 Limitations 9 
 3.4 Reduction for Early Retirement under Contemporary Pension Option 9 
 3.5 Commencement and Duration 9 
 3.6 Death Prior to Receipt of Lump Sum 11 
 3.7 Qualified Domestic Relations Order 11 
 Section 4. Disability Benefit 4.1 Eligibility 12 
 4.2 Amount 12 
 4.3 Commencement and Duration 12 
 Section 5. Change in Control of Company 5.1 Eligibility 13 
 5.2 Change in Control of the Company 13 
 5.3 Cause 14 
 5.4 Good Reason 14 
 5.5 Amount 15 
 5.6 Commencement and Duration 15 
 5.7 Deere Company Severance Protection Agreement 15 
 Section 6. Survivor Benefits 6.1 Death of an Active or Disabled Participant 16 
 6.2 Death of a Retired Participant 16 

iii 

6.3 Commencement and Duration 17 
 6.4 Survivor Benefit Election After Retirement. 17 
 Section 7. Financing of Benefits 7.1 Contractual Obligation 18 
 7.2 Unsecured General Creditor 18 
 7.3 Funding 18 
 7.4 Vesting 18 
 7.5 Administration 18 
 7.6 Expenses 18 
 7.7 Indemnification and Exculpation 18 
 7.8 Effect on Other Benefit Plans 19 
 7.9 Tax Liability 19 
 APPENDIX A Article A-1 APPLICATION; PAYMENT OF PLAN BENEFIT AFTER 2006 A-1.1 Application of this Article 20 
 A-1.2 Retirement During Calendar Year 2007 or Later 20 
 A-1.3 Termination During Calendar Year 2005 or Later 20 
 A-1.4 Termination Prior to 1 January 2005 . 20 A-1.5 Separation from Service Following a Change in Control ... 20 A-1.6 One-Time Lump Sum 20 Article A-2 DEATH and DISABILITY BENEFITS 22 
 A-2.1 Application of Article A-2 22 
 A-2.2 No Additional Rights Because of Death 22 
 A-2.3 Rules Based on Timing of Death 22 
 A-2.4 Separation from Service Due to Disability 24 
 A-2.5 Return to Work Following Disability 24 
 APPENDIX B Article B-1 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS B-1.1 Application of this Article 26 
 B-1.2 Impact of Vacation 26 
 B-1.3 Impact of Leave of Absence and Special Paid Leave of Absence 26 
 B-1.4 No Acceleration or Delay 27 
 B-1.5 Interpretation Consistent with Section 409A Compliance 27 
 Article B-2 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION B-2.1 Amendment and Termination 28 
 B-2.2 Plan Benefit in the Event of Termination 28 
 Article B-3 DEFINITIONS B-3.1 Section References 29 
 B-3.2 Terms Defined 29 

iv 

JOHN DEERE SUPPLEMENTAL PENSION BENEFIT PLAN Section 1. Purpose and Establishment
 1.1 Establishment and Amendment of the Plan . Deere Company (the Company established and presently maintains the John Deere Supplemental Pension Benefit Plan (the Plan ), an unfunded supplemental retirement plan for the benefit of its eligible employees, on 1 November 1978. Said plan is hereby further amended and restated as set forth herein effective as of 1 January 1997. Effective as of 1 January 2007, the Plan is amended pursuant to Section 409A of the Code as set forth in Appendices A and B, which form part of the Plan. Amendments to the Plan adopted in 2006 and 2007 are intended to align Plan provisions with prior operational changes and avoid the imposition on any Participant of taxes and interest pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. The Plan is hereby amended and restated as set forth herein, effective as of 1 November 2014 
 1.2 Purpose . The purpose of this Plan is to promote the mutual interests of Deere Company and its Officers and Executives. 
 1.3 Cost of Benefits . Cost of providing benefits under the Plan will be borne by the Company. 
 1.4 Application of Plan . The provisions of this Plan as set forth herein are applicable only to the employees of the Company in current employment on or after 1 November 1987, except as specifically provided herein. Except as so provided, any person who was covered under the Plan as in effect on 31 October 1987 and who was entitled to benefits under the provisions of the Plan shall continue to be entitled to the same amount of benefits without change under this Plan. Any person covered under the Plan as in effect 1 November 1987 who is age 55 or above on 1 November 1987 shall be entitled to the larger of the benefit amount in Section 3.2 below or the benefit provided under the John Deere Supplemental Pension Benefit Plan effective prior to 1 November 1987. 
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, the provisions of Appendices A and B shall apply to payment of benefits on or after 31 December 2006 and such appendices shall supersede the other provisions of the Plan to the extent necessary to eliminate inconsistencies between such Appendices and such other provisions of the Plan. 1.5 Administration, Amendment and Termination . The Plan is administered by and shall be interpreted by the Company. The Board of Directors of the Company or the Pension Plan Oversight Committee of the Board may at any time amend, modify or terminate this Plan in their sole discretion. In addition, the Deere Company Compensation Committee shall have the authority to approve all amendments or modifications that: 

1 

a. in the Compensation Committee s judgment are procedural, technical or administrative, but do not result in changes in the control and management of the Plan assets; or b. in the Compensation Committee s judgment are necessary or advisable to comply with any changes in the laws or regulations applicable to the Plan; or c. in the Compensation Committee s judgment are necessary or advisable to implement provisions conforming to a collective bargaining agreement which has been approved by the Board of Directors; or d. in the Compensation Committee s judgment will not result in changes to benefit levels exceeding 5 million dollars per amendment or modification during the first full fiscal year that such changes are effective for the Plan; or e. are the subject of a specific delegation of authority from the Board of Directors. 
 Provided, however, that this Plan shall not be amended or modified so as to reduce or diminish the benefit then currently being paid to any employee or Surviving Spouse of any former employee without such person s consent. The power to terminate this Plan shall be reserved to the Board of Directors of Deere Company. The procedure for amendment or modification of the Plan by either the Board of Directors, or, to the extent so authorized, the Pension Plan Oversight Committee, as the case may be, shall consist of: the lawful adoption of a written amendment or modification to the Plan by majority vote at a validly held meeting or by unanimous written consent, followed by the filing of such duly adopted amendment or modification by the Secretary with the official records of the Company. 1.6 Nonencumbrance of Benefits . Except as provided in Article VIII, Section 8 of the John Deere Pension Plan for Salaried Employees, no employee, retired employee, or other beneficiary hereunder shall have any right to assign, alienate, pledge, hypothecate, anticipate, or in any way create a lien upon any part of this Plan, nor shall the interest of any beneficiary or any distributions due or accruing to such beneficiary be liable in any way for the debts, defaults, or obligations of such beneficiary, whether such obligations arise out of contract or tort, or out of duty to pay alimony or to support dependents, or otherwise. 
 1.7 Employment Rights . Establishment of this Plan shall not be construed to give any Participant the right to be retained by the Company or to any benefits not specifically provided by the Plan. 
 1.8 Severability . In the event any provision of the Plan shall be held invalid or illegal for any reason, any invalidity or illegality shall not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, but the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the invalid or illegal provision had never been inserted, and the Company shall have the privilege and opportunity to 

2 

correct and remedy such questions of invalidity or illegality by amendment as provided in the Plan. 1.9 Applicable Law . This Plan is fully exempt from Titles II, III, and IV of ERISA. The Plan shall be governed and construed in accordance with Title I of ERISA and other applicable law (including, to the extent not preempted by federal law, the laws of the State of Illinois). 
 Section 2. Definitions
 2.1 Definitions . Whenever used in this Plan, it is intended that the following terms have the meanings set forth below. Defined terms used in Appendix A or B have the meanings set forth in Appendix B. 
 (a) Average Pensionable Pay of the Traditional Pension Option means the average for each year of the following: (1) all straight-time salary payments, plus the larger of (i) or (ii) through 31 December 2000 and as of 1 January 2001 plus the larger of (i) or (iii) below:
 (i) the amounts paid under the John Deere Profit Sharing Plan and the John Deere Short-Term Incentive Plan prior to 1991 plus the sum of the bonuses paid under the John Deere Performance Bonus Plan for Salaried Employees, the John Deere Health Care, Inc. Annual Performance Award Plan or the John Deere Credit Company Profit Sharing Plan. (ii) the amount paid prior to 1989 under the John Deere Long-Term Incentive Plan, the John Deere Restricted Stock Plan through 1998, or after 1998 the Pro-rated Yearly Vesting Amount under the John Deere Equity Incentive Plan. (iii) the target amount under the John Deere Performance Bonus Plan for Salaried Employees, the John Deere Health, Inc. Annual Performance Award Plan or the John Deere Credit Company Profit Sharing Plan. (2) The annual average of such amounts shall be based on the five (5) highest years, not necessarily consecutive, during the ten (10) years immediately preceding the earliest of the Participant s retirement, total and permanent disability, or death. The greater of any such short or long-term awards as defined in 2.1(a)(1)(i) or (ii) above paid or vested during the twelve months immediately following the Participant s retirement, shall be substituted for the lowest such annual short or long-term bonus award used to calculate Average Pensionable Pay, if the result would be a higher pension benefit. All amounts used in calculating the Average Pensionable Pay will be determined before the effect of any salary or bonus deferral or reduction resulting from an election by the Employee under any Company sponsored 

3 

plan or program, but excluding any matching and/or growth factor, Company contribution, and/or flexible credits provided by the Company under any such plan or program.
 (b) Average Monthly Pensionable Pay means the Average Pensionable Pay divided by twelve (12). (c) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. (d.1) Career Average Pay of the Contemporary Pension Option means the following for those Officers listed in Exhibit 1: (1) The highest five calendar years of the last ten not necessarily consecutive as of 31 December 1996 plus the greater of short-term bonus or long-term incentive pay received in each of those years as defined in section 2.1(a)(1)(i) or (ii) above. plus (2) Base pay and short-term bonuses as defined in Section 2.1(a)(1)(i) above paid beginning 1 January 1997 and thereafter (excluding any long-term incentives as defined in section 2.1(a)(1)(ii) above). The amounts of all salary, short-term bonus, or other pay received as described in (1) and (2) above will be divided by the number of pay periods in which base pay was received to determine the Career Average Pay. (d.2) Career Average Pay of the Contemporary Pension Option means the following for newly eligible Participants effective the latter of 1 January 1997 or entering Base Salary Grade 13 or above: (3) The highest five consecutive of the last ten anniversary years or the last 60 months of straight time pay if higher as of 31 December 1996 for Participants with five or more years of continuous employment. plus (4) Restorable short-term performance bonuses earned and paid during the years 1992-1996 credited at the rate of 1/120th for each pay period of continuous employment beginning 1 January 1997. Short-term performance bonuses are defined in 2.1(a)(1)(i) of this Plan. plus (5) All straight time pay plus short-term performance bonuses paid on or after 1 January 1997 (excluding any long-term incentives such as stock options). 

4 

The amounts of salary and bonus derived from (d.2)(1) plus (2) plus (3) above are divided by the number of pay periods in which base pay was received to determine the career average pay. This amount multiplied times 2 transforms career average pay to a monthly equivalent. (e) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. (f) Company means Deere Company, a Delaware corporation.
 (g) Contemporary Pension Option means the benefit provided to Officers Listed in Exhibit 1 who elect the Contemporary Pension Option on or before 15 November 1996, and all other Executives who become Participants on or after 1 January 1997. (h) Disability shall have the same meaning as under the Qualified Retirement Plan or John Deere Long Term Disability Plan for Salaried Employees. (i) Executive means an employee base salary grade 13 or above who on 1 January 1997 is a non-officer, or an employee who attains base salary grade 13 or above after 1 January 1997. An employee who attains base salary grade 13 on or after 1 November 2014 shall not be considered an Executive under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following special cases apply: (1) An employee who, on or after 1 November 2014, attains or is restored to base salary grade level 13 or above in connection with or following rehiring or return from leave of absence or disability shall be considered an Executive under the Plan only with respect to the period preceding 1 November 2014 during which the employee held base salary grade 13 or above. 
 (2) An employee who permanently transferred outside the U.S. prior to 1 November 2014 will be considered an Executive under the Plan only with respect to the period preceding such permanent transfer during which the employee held base salary grade 13 or above (and, if applicable, any period following a subsequent permanent transfer back to the United States during which the employee held base salary grade 13 or above but only if the permanent transfer back to the United States occurs before 1 November 2014). 
 (3) An employee who attained base salary grade 13 on or before 1 November 2014 and who had not participated in the Qualified Retirement Plan prior to 1 November 2014 shall not be considered an Executive under the Plan. 
 (j) Officer means employees listed in Exhibit I.

5 

(k) Non-officer means any employee of the Company who is not an elected officer and does not hold one of the elected positions listed in (i) above. (l) Participant means an Officer as defined in (i) above or Salary Grade 13 and above Executives (determined applying the exclusions and rules for special cases set forth in the definition of Executive above) . (m) Plan Year means the 12-month period beginning each November 1.
 (n) Pro-rated Yearly Vesting Amount under the John Deere Equity Incentive Plan means for the purposes of calculating a long term incentive amount under Section 2.1 (a) (1) (ii) of this Plan is one-quarter of each bi-annual EIP Grant allocated to each year following the Grant date multiplied times the Grant Price. In the event an EIP Grant vests and bonus shares are payable during the 12 months immediately following a Participant s retirement, the actual value of the Grant will be redetermined and allocated equally in one-quarter increments to each of the years following the Grant date which were used to calculate Average Pensionable Pay, if the result would be a higher pension benefit. (o) Qualified Retirement Plan means the John Deere Pension Plan for Salaried Employees which is a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. Provisions under this Plan shall in no way alter provisions under the Qualified Retirement Plan. (p) Retirement Benefit shall be a single-life annuity or lump sum amount as provided under Section 3 subject to provisions of Section 5. (q) Service shall have the same meaning in this Plan as service credit in the Qualified Retirement Plan. Service credit for benefit purposes in this Plan for those Executives not listed in Exhibit I will begin on the latter of 1 January 1997 or attainment of base salary grade 13 or above whichever is later. Service credit will not be provided to employees who attain base salary grade 13 on or after 1 November 2014. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following special cases will apply: (1) An employee who, on or after 1 November 2014, attains or is restored to base salary grade level 13 or above in connection with or following rehiring, or return from leave of absence or disability, or permanent transfer into the U.S., shall receive service credit under this Plan only with respect to the period preceding 1 November 2014 during which the employee held base salary grade 13 or above. 
 (2) An employee who permanently transferred outside the U.S. prior to 1 November 2014 will receive service credit under this Plan only with respect to the period preceding such permanent transfer during which the employee held base salary grade 13 or above (and, if applicable, any period following a subsequent permanent transfer back to the United States during 

6 

which the employee held base salary grade 13 or above but only if the permanent transfer back to the United States occurs before 1 November 2014). 
 (3) For the avoidance of doubt, it is noted that an employee who attained base salary grade 13 on or before 1 November 2014 and who had not participated in the Qualified Retirement Plan prior to 1 November 2014 shall not receive any service credit under this Plan, as such an employee is not considered an Executive under the Plan. 
 (r) Surviving Spouse shall mean the legally married spouse (determined under both the laws of the deceased participant s domicile and the laws of the United States) of a deceased participant. (s) Traditional Pension Option means the benefit under this Plan for Officers who (1) are listed in Exhibit 1, and (2) are or become Participants, and (3) who elect the Traditional Pension Option on or before 15 November 1996. 2.2 Gender and Number . Except when otherwise indicated by the context, any masculine term used herein shall also include the feminine, and the singular shall also include the plural. 

7 

Section 3. Supplemental Pension Benefit
 3.1 Eligibility . A Participant shall be eligible for benefits under the provisions of this Plan if such Participant is (1) entitled to a Vested Plan Benefit under the Qualified Retirement Plan , (2) has attained Salary Grade 13 or above on or before 31 October 2014, and (3) has attained (a) age 60 under the Traditional Pension Option; (b) any age under the Contemporary Pension Option; or (c) any age, if eligible to retire on 1 January 1997. Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, a Participant who has not attained at least Salary Grade 13 by 31 October 2014 shall not be eligible for benefits under the Plan. Whether an employee qualifies as a Participant by virtue of being a Salary Grade 13 or above Executive will be determined applying the exclusions and rules for special cases set forth in the definition of Executive above. 
 3.2 Amount . Upon termination of employment an eligible Participant pursuant to 3.1 above, shall be entitled to a monthly Retirement Benefit as follows: 
 (1) Traditional Pension Option equals (a) plus (b) below: (a) 2 of Average Monthly Pensionable Pay for each year of service as an Officer. (b) 1 1/2 of Average Monthly Pensionable Pay for each year of service as a non-Officer. or (2) Contemporary Pension Option equals (a) plus (b) below: (a) 2 of Career Average Pay for each year of service as an Officer or Participant. (b) 1 1/2 of Career Average Pay for each year of service as a non-Officer prior to the latter of 1 January 1997 or attainment of base salary grade 13 or above, whichever is later. This amount determined in Section 3.2(1) or 3.2(2), as applicable, shall be subject to any reductions for (1) Early retirement under the Contemporary Pension Option as provided in Section 3.4 of this plan. (2) Any formula used (or that would be used) to calculate any age and/or service-related reduction in the retiree s monthly benefit under the terms of the Qualified Retirement Plan in effect as of 1 January 2007. (3) Survivor benefits described in Section 6. 

8 

(4) Provisions shown in Section 3.3 which follows and shall be further reduced by the sum of (i) the benefit earned under the Qualified Retirement Plan; and (ii) the benefit provided under the John Deere Senior Supplementary Pension Plan or ERISA Supplementary Pension Plan, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective 1 January 2007, an Eligible Participant pursuant to Section 3.1 above shall become entitled to the monthly Retirement Benefit described in this Section 3.2 upon his or her Separation from Service (as defined in Article B-3 of Appendix B); provided , however , that Section B-1.2, if applicable, shall apply in calculating the amount of the Participant s benefit under the Plan, and the time and form of payment shall be determined in accordance with Appendix A. 3.3 Limitations . 
 (a) The total monthly Retirement Benefit paid under the Traditional Pension Option of this Plan, the Qualified Retirement Plan and the John Deere Senior Supplementary Pension Plan or ERISA Supplementary Pension Plan, as the case may be, may not exceed 66-2/3 of the Average Monthly Pensionable Pay. If such number is exceeded the amount payable under this Plan shall be reduced to the extent necessary to equal 66-2/3 of the Average Monthly Pensionable Pay. (b) That part of the Retired employee s monthly benefit which is based on service credit prior to 1 July 1993 (1 January 1994 for employees of John Deere Credit Company, John Deere Health Care, Inc. and John Deere Insurance Group) shall be reduced by 1/2 for each full year in excess of 10 years that the spouse is younger than the employee. 3.4 Reduction for Early Retirement under Contemporary Pension Option . The amount determined in 3.2 above shall be reduced 1/3 per month from the unreduced full benefit age, as defined under the terms of the Contemporary Pension Option of the Qualified Retirement Plan in effect as of 1 January 2007, as of the date benefits commence. 
 3.5 Commencement and Duration . Payment of monthly retirement benefits provided under this Plan shall commence on the first day of any calendar month following the date of retirement as elected under the Qualified Retirement Plan. Benefit payments will be made on the first day of each calendar month thereafter. The last payment will be made the first day of the calendar month in which the Participant dies, subject to the provisions of Section 5. 
 Alternatively, the Participant may elect to receive a lump sum payment for all or a portion (in 10 increments from 10 to 90 of the Retirement Benefits payable 

9 

under this Plan including the 55 joint and survivor annuity equal to 11 of the supplemental benefit payable, adjusted for service accrued through 30 June 1993, or 31 December 1993 in the case of employees of John Deere Credit Company, John Deere Health Care, Inc., or John Deere Insurance Group. Written notice of the Participant s election to receive a lump sum payment shall be irrevocable, and must be received by the Company within the twelve (12) months prior to payment, but in no event subsequent to the Participant s date of retirement. The lump sum payment shall be made to Participant twelve (12) months after receipt of notice by the Company but in no event prior to the Participant s retirement. Effective beginning 1 January 2002 and thereafter, the lump sum will be calculated using an interest rate assumption equal to the average yield in September of the preceding Plan Year on 30-year Treasury Constant Maturities (as published in October by the Internal Revenue Service) and the mortality table shall be based upon a fixed blend of 50 male mortality rates and 50 female mortality rates from the Group Annuity Reserving Table GAR , as set forth in Revenue Ruling 2001-62, in effect at the beginning of the plan year in which payment is made. The age used in the calculation will be the age of the Participant. Effective beginning 1 November 2008 and thereafter, the lump sum will be calculated using an interest rate assumption equal to the average yield in September of the preceding Plan Year of 30-year Treasury Constant Maturities (as published in October by the Internal Revenue Service) and the mortality table shall be based upon such mortality table as may be prescribed by the IRS pursuant to Code section 417(e)(3), and which the IRS shall publish from time to time. For the Plan Year beginning 1 November 2008 and, until modified, such mortality table will be the table published in Revenue Ruling 2007-67 . Effective 1 November 2008, in no event will the lump sum paid be less than the present value determined by using the applicable interest rate and the applicable mortality table with such terms having the meaning provided under Section 417(e) of the Code, as in effect from time to time. The age used in the calculation will be the age of the Participant. Monthly retirement benefits will be redetermined as soon as practicable and increased benefits paid retroactive to the Participant s date of retirement for: (a) any eligible long or short-term bonus paid after retirement replacing an earlier bonus award used to calculate Average Pensionable Pay under the Traditional Pension Option or (b) any eligible short-term bonus paid after retirement added to career average earnings used to calculate pension benefits under the Contemporary Pension Option. Effective 1 January 2008, monthly retirement benefits determined as described above shall be paid upon the later of (i) the date specified for payment in 

10 

accordance with Section A-1.2 or A-1.3, as applicable, or (ii) on the first day of the calendar month following vesting of the bonus giving rise to the adjustment. 3.6 Death Prior to Receipt of Lump Sum . If an active Participant or a Participant on Permanent and Total Disability dies after receipt of notice by the Company pursuant to Section 3.5 of Participant s irrevocable election to receive a lump sum payment, but before the expiration of twelve (12) months after receipt by the Company of such election, a Surviving Spouse of the Participant who is eligible for a survivor benefit under Section 6 will receive a lump sum survivor s benefit under Section 6.1 of this Plan. The 55 Surviving Spouse lump sum benefit will be payable no earlier than twelve (12) months following receipt of notice by the Company of the deceased Participant s irrevocable election but not before the first day of the month following eligibility for a Surviving Spouse benefit under the Qualified Retirement Plan. 
 If a retired Participant or a Participant on Permanent and Total Disability subsequently retires under Normal Retirement and dies after receipt of notice by the Company pursuant to Section 3.5 of Participant s irrevocable election to receive a lump sum payment, but before the expiration of twelve (12) months after receipt by the Company of such election, a Surviving Spouse of the Participant who is eligible for a survivor benefit under Section 6 will receive the Participant s full lump sum benefit under Section 3.5 of this Plan in lieu of Surviving Spouse benefits under Section 6. In the event the retired Participant is unmarried at the date of death or the Surviving Spouse of the deceased Participant is not eligible for survivor benefits under Section 6, the Participant s full lump sum benefit will be paid to the deceased Participant s estate. The lump sum benefit will be payable no earlier than twelve (12) months following receipt of notice by the Company of the deceased Participant s irrevocable election. 3.7 Qualified Domestic Relations Order . 
 Distribution is prohibited under the Plan prior to the Participant s retirement and, in the event of a Qualified Domestic Relations Order, the Alternate Payee must take distribution as a single lump sum payment within 180 days following the Participant s retirement under the Plan. 

11 

Section 4. Disability Benefit
 4.1 Eligibility . An employee who qualifies for a Disability benefit in accordance with the provisions of the Qualified Retirement Plan or John Deere Long Term Disability Plan for Salaried Employees shall be entitled to a benefit under this Plan upon retirement under a normal retirement under the Qualified Retirement Plan. 
 4.2 Amount . The amount shall be determined in accordance with 3.2 except that service as an Officer shall be determined for the period of time prior to total and permanent disability as defined in the Qualified Retirement Plan or John Deere Long Term Disability Plan for Salaried Employees. 
 4.3 Commencement and Duration . In the event of Disability, the payment method shall be the same as that elected pursuant to Section 3.5 of this Plan. In the event of Disability, payments of Retirement Benefits provided under this section shall be made or commence on the same date as Retirement Benefits commence under the normal Retirement Provisions under the Qualified Retirement Plan. 

12 

Section 5. Change in Control of Company
 5.1 Eligibility . If a Change in Control of the Company (as defined in 5.2 below) shall have occurred, and a Participant who has not attained age 60 ceases to be an employee of the Company within twenty-four months following a Change in Control of the Company, such Participant shall be eligible for benefits under the provisions of this Plan notwithstanding his age at the time of such cessation of employment, unless such cessation of employment is (i) by the Company for Cause (as defined in 5.3 below), or (ii) by the Participant who is not Retirement Eligible for other than Good Reason (as defined in 5.4 below). If the Participant s cessation of employment is by reason of Death or Permanent Disability, the Participant s rights under this Plan shall be governed by Section 4 and 6 of this Plan, despite the occurrence of a change in control. References in this Section 5.1 to cessation of employment shall be references to a Separation from Service, as defined in Article B-3 of Appendix B. 
 5.2 Change in Control of the Company . A change in control of the Company shall mean a change in control of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as now or hereafter amended (the Exchange Act ), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement; provided, that, without limitation, such a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if: 
 (i) any person (as defined in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13(d-3) under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing thirty percent (30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities; (ii) during any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to December 9, 1987) there shall cease to be a majority of the Board comprised as follows: individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director(s) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved; or (iii) the shareholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other company, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) at least 80 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation. 

13 

(iv) the shareholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all the Company s assets. 5.3 Cause . Termination of employment by the Company for Cause shall mean termination pursuant to notice of termination setting out the reason for termination upon (i) the willful and continued failure by the participant to substantially perform his duties with the Company after a specific, written demand is developed; (ii) the willful engaging by the participant in conduct which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company, monetarily or otherwise or (iii) the participant s conviction of a felony which impairs the participant s ability substantially to perform his duties with the Company. 
 An act, or failure to act, shall be deemed willful if it is done, or omitted to be done, not in good faith and without reasonable belief that the action or omission was in the best interest of the Company. 5.4 Good Reason . Good Reason shall mean the occurrence, without the participant s express written consent, within 24 months following a Change in Control of the Company, of any one or more of the following: 
 (i) the assignment to the participant of duties materially inconsistent with the participant s duties, responsibilities and status prior to the Change in Control or a material reduction or alteration in the scope of the participant s responsibilities from those in effect prior to the Change in Control; (ii) a reduction by the Company in the participant s base salary or profit sharing award as in effect prior to the Change in Control; (iii) the Company requiring the participant to be based at a location in excess of twenty-five (25) miles from the location where the participant is currently based; (iv) the failure by the Company or any successor to the Company to continue in effect any other Pension Plans, or its Profit Sharing Plan for Salaried Employees, Short-Term Incentive Bonus Plan, Deferred Compensation Plan, Long-Term Incentive Plan, the John Deere Stock Option Plan or any other of the Company s employee benefit plans, policies, practices or arrangements applying to the participant or the failure by the Company to continue the participant s participation therein on substantially the same basis, both in terms of the amount of benefits provided and the level of his or her participation relative to other participants, as existed prior to the Change in Control; If Good Reason exists, the participant s right to terminate his or her employment pursuant to this Subsection shall not be affected by temporary or subsequent incapacity due to physical or mental illness. Continued employment shall not constitute consent to, or a waiver of rights with respect to, any circumstance 

14 

constituting Good Reason hereunder. Retirement at less than normal retirement age as defined in the John Deere Pension Plan for Salaried Employees constitutes a termination for purposes of this Subsection. 5.5 Amount . The amount of the benefit payable under this section shall be determined in accordance with Section 3.2. 
 5.6 Commencement and Duration . Retirement Benefits provided under this section shall be made in a lump sum on the first day of the calendar month following the date the Participant ceases employment with the Company, except as noted in Section 3.5. Calculation of the lump sum payment shall be made in accordance with the terms set forth in Section 3.5 
 5.7 Deere Company Severance Protection Agreement . The change in control of Company provisions shown above do not apply in the event a Participant has received and executed a personal Severance Protection Agreement issued by Deere Company. In order for the Severance Protection Agreement to apply in lieu of the provisions shown in Section 5 above the Agreement must be effective as shown in Article I. Establishment, Term and Purpose of the Deere Company Severance Protection Agreement. 

15 

Section 6. Survivor Benefits
 6.1 Death of an Active or Disabled Participant . In the event of the death of an active Participant or a Participant on Disability, notwithstanding Section 3.1 of this Plan, the Surviving Spouse shall be eligible for a monthly survivor benefit provided the Participant: 
 (a) was married and eligible to retire on the date of death under early or normal retirement provisions of the Qualified Retirement Plan or (b) had been married for at least one year prior to death and was on Total and Permanent Disability as provided in the Qualified Retirement Plan or (c) was married for at least one year prior to death and Participant had elected the Contemporary Pension Option and was vested under the Qualified Retirement Plan or (d) was married for at least one year prior to death and the Participant elected the Traditional Pension Option and had three years or more of service as an Officer. The benefit will be reduced 1/3 of 1 for each month the Officer would have been under age 60 at the date this Surviving Spouse benefit commences. The Surviving Spouse benefit under this Plan for a Participant who died prior to retirement as specified in 6.1 will be in the same proportion of the Participant s benefit under Section 3 of this Plan as the Surviving Spouse benefit under the Qualified Retirement Plan bears to the Participant s benefit under Article IV, Section 1 of the Qualified Retirement Plan. The Surviving Spouse benefit will be payable as a monthly annuity or as a lump sum as of the first of the month following eligibility for a Surviving Spouse benefit under the Qualified Retirement Plan. 6.2 Death of a Retired Participant . The Surviving Spouse shall be eligible for a monthly survivor benefit provided: 
 (a) the Participant is eligible for a retirement benefit under this Plan and (b) the Participant had not received the lump sum payment provided under Section 3.5 of this Plan and (c) the Surviving Spouse and Participant were either:
 (1) continuously married before the Participant s early or normal retirement or (2) the Participant had elected a Surviving Spouse benefit under Section 6.4 below. 

16 

The survivor benefit option elected by the retired Participant under Article IV, Section 1 of the Qualified Retirement Plan shall apply to the survivor benefit payable under this Plan. Any formula used to calculate the reduction in the retiree s monthly benefit under the Qualified Retirement Plan shall also apply under this Plan. 6.3 Commencement and Duration . Payment of monthly death benefits provided under this section shall commence on the same date that Surviving Spouse benefits commence under the Qualified Retirement Plan. The last payment will be made on the first day of the month of the Surviving Spouse s death. 
 6.4 Survivor Benefit Election After Retirement . A Participant who retired and is receiving benefits under this Plan, for whom no survivor benefit is in effect, may elect a survivor benefit by filing a written application with the Company provided: 
 (1) The Participant was not married at retirement and has subsequently married, or
 (2) The Participant has had a Survivor Benefit provision in effect and has remarried, and
 (3) The Participant had not received a lump sum payment provided in Section 3.5 of this Plan.
 The Survivor Benefit under this paragraph and any applicable reduction to the retired Participant s benefit shall be effective with respect to benefits falling due for months commencing with the first day of the month following the month in which the Company receives an application, but in no event before the first day of the month following the month in which the retired Participant has been married to the designated spouse for one year. On or after 1 July 1999, if the Company is notified of a designated spouse following the first day of the month in which the retired employee has been married to the designated spouse for one year, retroactive reductions and benefit adjustments will be made to the retired Participant s pension benefit or the survivor s benefit, in the event of a retired Participant s death for such late notice. These retroactive reductions will become payable for the period of time based on the date the survivor benefit would have become effective (the first day of the month following the month in which the retired Participant had been married to the designated spouse for one year). Any Surviving Spouse benefit election by the retired Participant under Article IV, Section 1 of the Qualified Retirement Plan shall apply to the survivor benefit payable under this Plan. Any formula used to calculate the reduction in the retired Participant s monthly benefit under the Qualified Retirement Plan and Sections 3.2, 3.3, and 3.4 of this Plan will also apply. 

17 

Section 7. Financing of Benefits
 7.1 Contractual Obligation . It is intended that the Company is under a contractual obligation to make the payments under this Plan when due. No benefits under this Plan shall be financed through a trust fund or insurance contracts or otherwise. Benefits shall be paid out of the general funds of the Company. 
 7.2 Unsecured General Creditor . Neither the Participant nor the Surviving Spouse shall have any interest whatsoever in any specific asset of the Company on account of any benefits provided under this Plan. The Participant s (or Surviving Spouse s) right to receive benefit payments under this Plan shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company. 
 7.3 Funding . All amounts paid under this Plan shall be paid in cash from the general assets of the Company. Such amounts shall be reflected on the accounting records of the Company, but shall not be construed to create, or require the creation of, a trust, custodial or escrow account. No Participant shall have any right, title or interest whatever in or to any investment reserves, accounts or funds that the Company may purchase, establish or accumulate to aid in providing the benefits under this Plan. Nothing contained in this Plan, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create a trust or fiduciary relationship of any kind between the Company and a Participant or any other person. Neither shall an employee acquire any interest greater than that of an unsecured creditor. 
 7.4 Vesting . Benefits under this Plan shall become nonforfeitable at the earlier of Disability, or Retirement under the Traditional Pension Option of the Qualified Retirement Plan after reaching age 60 or after five years of service credit and Termination or Retirement under the Qualified Retirement Plan Contemporary Pension Option. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a Participant or his beneficiary shall have no right to benefits hereunder if the Company determines that he engaged in a willful, deliberate or gross act of commission or omission which is substantially injurious to the finances or reputation of the Company. 
 7.5 Administration . This Plan shall be administered by the Company which shall have, to the extent appropriate, the same powers, rights, duties and obligations with respect to this Plan as it does with respect to the Qualified Retirement Plan; provided, however, that the determination of the Company as to any questions arising under this Plan, including questions of construction and interpretation shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all persons. 
 7.6 Expenses . The expenses of administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company. 
 7.7 Indemnification and Exculpation . The agents, officers, directors, and employees of the Company and its affiliates shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from any and all loss, cost, liability, or expenses that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by them in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which they may be a party or in which they 

18 

may be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under this Plan and against and from any and all amounts paid by them in settlement (with the Company s written approval) or paid by them in satisfaction of a judgment in any such action, suit, or proceeding. The foregoing provision shall not be applicable to any person if the loss, cost, liability, or expense is due to such person s gross negligence of willful misconduct. 7.8 Effect on Other Benefit Plans . Amounts credited or paid under this Plan shall not be considered to be compensation for the purposes of a qualified pension plan or any other benefit plan maintained by the Company. The treatment of such amounts under other employee benefit plans shall be pursuant to the provisions of such plans. 
 7.9 Tax Liability . Pursuant to Section B-1.4, the Company may withhold from any payment of benefits hereunder an amount equal to the federal employment taxes (FICA) and federal, state local and foreign income tax obligations arising from a Participant s participation and accrual of benefits under the Plan. 

19 

APPENDIX A 
 Article A-1 APPLICATION; PAYMENT OF PLAN BENEFIT AFTER 2006 
 A-1.1 Application of this Article . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the rules applicable to payment of Plan Benefits for Participants who, as of 31 December 2006, have not commenced payment are set forth in this Appendix A. 
 A-1.2 Retirement During Calendar Year 2007 or Later . If a Participant Retires after 31 December 2006, his Vested Plan Benefit shall be distributed in a Lump Sum with a Payment Date that is the 15 th day of the month following the date that is (a) six months and one day following (b) the date of his Retirement plus one day for every day of Vacation. Such Lump Sum shall be calculated using lump sum equivalency factors for a lump sum which is actuarially equivalent to an immediate Single Life Annuity payable on the date determined in accordance with clauses (a) and (b) of this Section A-1.2 and shall be based on the Participant s age on the date the Participant Retires plus one day for every day of Vacation. 
 A-1.3 Termination During Calendar Year 2005 or Later . If a Participant incurs a Termination during calendar year 2005 or thereafter, his Vested Plan Benefit shall be distributed in the form of a Lump Sum with a Payment Date that is the later of (a) 31 January 2007 and (b) the 15 th day of the month following the date that is six months and one day after the date on which the Participant incurred a Termination. Such Lump Sum shall be calculated using lump sum equivalency factors for a lump sum which is actuarially equivalent to a deferred Single Life Annuity payable on the earliest date the Participant would be eligible to receive unreduced benefits under the Qualified Retirement Plan and based on the Participant s age on the Payment Date. 
 A-1.4 Termination Prior to 1 January 2005 . If a Participant incurred a Termination prior to 1 January 2005, but as of 31 December 2006 had not yet commenced payment of his Vested Plan Benefit, such Vested Plan Benefit shall be paid in a Lump Sum on or before 30 November 2007. The amount of the Participant s Plan Benefit shall be determined in accordance with Sections 3.2 and 3.5. A-1.5 Separation from Service Following a Change in Control . If a Participant incurs a Separation from Service after 31 December 2006 and [within twenty-four calendar months] following a Change in Control, and such Separation from Service is (i) by the Company for Cause (as defined in Section 5.3), or (ii) by the Participant who is not Retirement Eligible for other than Good Reason (as defined in Section 5.4), then, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, such Participant s Vested Plan Benefit shall be forfeited. A-1.6 One-Time Lump Sum . Effective 1 January 2008, Participants shall receive an amount equal to the interest that would be credited on their Account for the period beginning on the date of Separation from Service and ending on the sixth-month anniversary thereof, determined by using an interest rate equal to the average yield in September 

20 

of the preceding Plan Year on 30-year Treasury Constant Maturities (as published in October by the Internal Revenue Service). This one-time lump sum payment shall be paid at the same time as the first distribution of the Participant s Vested Plan Benefit under the Plan. Participants who Separated from Service after 31 December 2004 and before 1 January 2008 shall also receive a one-time lump sum cash payment equal to the amount that such Participants would have been paid had the preceding paragraph been effective on the date of their Separation from Service, provided that the average yield in September 2007 on 30-year Treasury Constant Maturities (as published in October 2007 by the Internal Revenue Service) shall be used in determining the amount of such one-time lump sum payment. This one-time lump sum payment shall be paid on or before 29 February 2008, but in no event earlier than the date that is six months and one day after the date of the Participant s Separation from Service. 

21 

Article A-2 DEATH and DISABILITY BENEFITS 
 A-2.1 Application of Article A-2 . 
 (a) Death . This Article A-2 addresses the survivor benefit or death benefit (in each case, if any) under this Plan with respect to a Participant who incurs a Separation from Service due to his death on or after 1 January 2007. 
 (b) Disability . This Article A-2 addresses the Payment Date and the Plan Benefit of a Participant who incurs a Separation from Service due to his Disability on or after 1 January 2007. 
 A-2.2 No Additional Rights Because of Death . No Vesting Solely as a Result of Death . No survivor or death benefit shall be payable to any person under this Article A-2 in respect of a Participant unless the Participant had a Vested Plan Benefit on the date of death. 
 A-2.3 Rules Based on Timing of Death . 
 (a) Survivor or Death Benefits to Unmarried Participants . If a Participant is not married to a Surviving Spouse, has not been married to a Surviving Spouse for at least one year immediately prior to the date of death, or otherwise does not satisfy the requirements of Section 6.1: 
 (1) as of the date of his Separation from Service and (i) he is an active employee (i.e., has not incurred a Separation from Service) of the Company as of the date immediately preceding his Separation from Service and (ii) such Separation from Service is by reason of the Participant s death, no survivor benefit or death benefit with respect to such Participant s Vested Plan Benefit, if any, shall be payable to any person and such Plan Benefit shall be forfeited as of the date of death; or
 (2) as of the date of his death and his Separation from Service occurs prior to the date of death, the survivor benefit or death benefit with respect to such Participant s Vested Plan Benefit, if any, shall be payable to such Participant s estate in accordance with the time and form of payment set forth in Section A-1.2 or A-1.3, as applicable.
 (b) Separation From Service Due to Death . 
 (1) If an active Participant (i.e., a Participant who has not incurred a Separation from Service) who is Retirement Eligible and who satisfies the requirements of Section 6.1 incurs a Separation from Service due to his death and, as of the date of death, has been married to a Spouse for at least one year immediately prior to the date of death, the Surviving Spouse shall be paid a single lump sum 

22 

equal to 55 of the Lump Sum payable to the Participant had the Participant Retired on the date of his death. Such Lump Sum shall be calculated using lump sum equivalency factors for a Single Life Annuity payable immediately based on the Participant s age at the date of death. Notwithstanding anything in Section A-1.1, A-1.2 or A-1.3 to the contrary regarding the time or form of payment, such lump sum distribution to the Surviving Spouse shall be made on the 15 th day of the month following the month in which the Participant dies. Effective for Participant dates of death on or after 01 July 2010, such lump sum distribution to the Surviving Spouse shall be made on the 15 th day of January of the year following the Participant s death.
 (2) If an active Participant who is not Retirement Eligible and who, as of the date of death, satisfies Section 6.1 incurs a Separation from Service by reason of his death and, as of the date of death, has been married to a Spouse for at least one year immediately prior to the date of death, the Surviving Spouse shall be paid a single lump sum equal to 55 of the Lump Sum payable to the Participant had the Participant lived until the earliest date on which he would be eligible for an unreduced benefit under the Qualified Retirement Plan and then Retired. Such lump sum payable to the Surviving Spouse shall be calculated using the lump sum equivalency factors for a Lump Sum which is actuarially equivalent to a deferred Single Life Annuity payable on the earliest unreduced benefits date under the Qualified Retirement Plan had the Participant lived to Retire and based on the Participant s age at the date of death. The Lump Sum payable pursuant to this Section A-2.3(b)(2) shall be paid on the 15 th day of the month following the month in which the Participant dies, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section A-1.1, A-1.2 or A-1.3 regarding the time or form of payment. Effective for Participant dates of death on or after 01 July 2010, such lump sum distribution to the Surviving Spouse shall be made on the 15 th day of January of the year following the Participant s death.
 (c) One-Time Lump Sum . Effective 1 July 2010, the surviving spouses of Participants shall receive an amount equal to the interest that would be credited on their Account for the period beginning on the date of Separation from Service and ending on the 15 th of January in the year following the Participant s death, determined by using an interest rate equal to the average yield in September of the preceding Plan Year on 30-year Treasury Constant Maturities (as published in October by the Internal Revenue Service). This one-time lump sum payment shall be paid at the same time as the first distribution of the Participant s Vested Plan Benefit under the Plan. 

23 

(d) Death After Separation from Service and Prior to Payment of Lump Sum . If a Participant dies after his Separation from Service but prior to the receipt of the Lump Sum distribution, such Lump Sum shall be determined and paid in accordance with Section A-1.2 or A-1.3, as applicable. 
 A-2.4 Separation from Service Due to Disability . 
 (a) Separation from Service on or After 1 January 2007 . A Participant who incurs a Separation from Service due to a Disability on or after 1 January 2007, shall receive a distribution of his Plan Benefit in a Lump Sum paid in accordance with Section A-1.2 or A-1.3. The Participant s immediate Single Life Annuity, which is then converted into a Lump Sum in accordance with Section 3.5, shall be determined in accordance with Section 3.2 as though the Participant (i) had remained employed with the Company until the first day of the calendar month following his or her 65 th birthday, (ii) received Average Pensionable Pay or Career Average Pay, as the case may be, determined as of the end of the elimination period under the John Deere Long Term Disability Plan for Salaried Employees, and (iii) then incurred a Separation from Service with the Company, except that service as an Officer shall be determined for the period of time prior to the Disability. 
 (b) Separation From Service Prior to 1 January 2005 . If a Participant incurred a Separation from Service due to Disability prior to 1 January 2005, is entitled to a Plan Benefit based in part on credit for service with the Company after 31 December 2004 and, as of 1 January 2005, has not commenced payment of his Plan Benefit, such Plan Benefit shall be paid in a Lump Sum in accordance with Section A-1.2 or A-1.3; provided, however, that if the date specified for payment under Section A-1.2 or A-1.3 is prior to 30 November 2007, such Lump Sum shall be paid on or before 30 November 2007. The amount of the Participant s Plan Benefit shall be determined in accordance with Section 3.2 and Section A-2.4(a). 
 (c) The provisions of this Section A-2.4 shall be superseded by Section A-2.3 in the event that a Participant s death occurs prior to payment of his entire Plan Benefit. A-2.5 Return to Work Following Disability . If a Participant who has commenced payment of his Plan Benefit returns to work with the Company following his Separation from Service due to Disability and is eligible to become a Participant upon such return to work, such Participant shall begin accruing a new Plan Benefit. The determination of such Participant s new Plan Benefit shall include the period beginning on the date of such Participant s initial Separation from Service and ending on his subsequent Separation from Service following his return to work. Upon such Participant s subsequent Separation from Service, the Participant s new Plan Benefit shall equal his or her (i) Aggregate Plan Benefit, less (ii) the Lump Sum value of the Plan Benefit which the Participant previously received with interest credited from the date of receipt through the date of subsequent payment 

24 

using the interest rate described in Section 3.5, and shall be paid to the Participant in a Lump Sum in accordance with Section A-1.2 or A-1.3, as applicable, based on the date of such subsequent Separation from Service. For purposes of this Section A-2.5, the Participant s Aggregate Plan Benefit means the Plan Benefit the Participant would be entitled to receive had he or she remained continuously employed with the Company from his initial date of hire through the date of the Participant s subsequent Separation from Service, recalculated pursuant to Sections 3.2-3.4 based on all service as an Officer and a non-Officer and all compensation paid by the Company, solely to the extent that such service and compensation are considered under the Traditional Pension Option or the Contemporary Pension Option, as applicable. 

25 

APPENDIX B 
 Article B-1 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
 B-1.1 Application of this Article . For purposes of clarification, the provisions in this Appendix B supplement the provisions in Appendix A, and are effective 1 January 2007 unless otherwise provided. 
 B-1.2 Impact of Vacation . If a Participant s Retirement occurs immediately prior to or during such Participant s Vacation, then, solely for purposes of determining the amount of the Plan Benefit for a Participant, such Participant s Separation from Service shall be determined in accordance with the Prior Plan and the Participant shall be eligible to accrue benefits in accordance with the Plan until such Separation from Service; provided , however , that solely for purposes of this Section B-1.2, Vacation shall exclude any day of vacation not used by the Participant to extend his service under the Qualified Retirement Plan. Determinations under this Plan which provide for one day to be added for each day of Vacation shall be made using the same rules and principles applied to count days of Vacation used by active employees. (For example, weekends, holidays and scheduled shutdowns are not counted as Vacation days.) 
 B-1.3 Impact of Leave of Absence and Special Paid Leave of Absence . 
 (a) Leave of Absence . If a Participant who has commenced payment of his Plan Benefit returns to work with the Company following his Separation from Service due to an approved Leave of Absence and is eligible to become a Participant upon such return to work, such Participant shall begin accruing a new Plan Benefit. Upon such Participant s subsequent Separation from Service, the Participant s new Plan Benefit shall equal his or her (i) Aggregate Plan Benefit, less (ii) the Plan Benefit which the Participant previously received with interest credited annually using the interest rate described in Section 3.5, and shall be paid to the Participant in a Lump Sum in accordance with Section A-1.2 or A-1.3, as applicable, based on the date of such subsequent Separation from Service. For purposes of this Section B-1.3, the Participant s Aggregate Plan Benefit means the Participant s Plan Benefit determined as though the Participant had never commenced payment of his Plan Benefit upon the original Separation from Service, recalculated pursuant to Sections 3.2-3.4 based on all service as an Officer or Executive and a non-Officer and all compensation paid by the Company, solely to the extent that such service and compensation are considered under the Traditional Pension Option or the Contemporary Pension Option, as applicable. 
 (b) Special Paid Leave of Absence . Solely for purposes of determining the amount of such Participant s Vested Plan Benefit, a Participant who incurs a Separation from Service by reason of a Special Paid Leave of Absence shall receive a distribution of 

26 

his Plan Benefit in a Lump Sum paid in accordance with Section A-1.3. The Participant s immediate Single Life Annuity, which is then converted into a Lump Sum in accordance with Section 3.5, shall be determined in accordance with Section 3.2 as though the Participant (i) had remained employed with the Company until the expiration of such Participant s Special Paid Leave of Absence, (ii) received Average Pensionable Pay or Career Average Pay, as the case may be, determined as of the date of the Participant s commencement of the Special Paid Leave of Absence, and (iii) then incurred a Separation from Service with the Company. B-1.4 No Acceleration or Delay . The Administrator shall not accelerate or delay payment under the Plan except to the extent that such acceleration (including as a result of a change in control within the meaning of the default provisions of Section 409A) or delay shall not cause any person to incur additional taxes, interest or penalties under Section 409A Section 409A Compliance ). 
 B -1.5 Interpretation Consistent with Section 409A Compliance . To the extent interpretation of the Plan is required, such interpretation shall be consistent with Section 409A Compliance. 

27 

Article B-2 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 B-2.1 Amendment and Termination . Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan to the contrary, the Board of Directors, the Committee, or the Deere Company Management Compensation Committee shall have the unilateral right to amend, modify or terminate the Plan at any time. The Vice President of Human Resources of the Company shall have the unilateral right to amend or modify the Plan to the extent the Vice President of Human Resources of the Company deems such action to be necessary or advisable to avoid the imposition on any person of adverse or unintended tax consequences under Section 409A. Any determinations made by the Board of Directors, the Committee, the Management Compensation Committee, or the Vice President of Human Resources of the Company under this Section B-2.1 shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons. 
 B-2.2 Plan Benefit in the Event of Termination . With respect to a Participant s Plan Benefit, if the Plan is terminated, Plan Benefits shall be paid in accordance with Appendix A, unless the Board of Directors or the Committee, in its discretion and in full and complete settlement of the Company s obligations under this Plan, causes the Company to distribute the full amount of a Participant s then accrued and Vested Plan Benefit to the Participant in a Lump Sum; provided , that such distribution may be effected in a manner that will result in Section 409A Compliance. 

28 

Article B-3 DEFINITIONS 
 B-3.1 Section References . All references to sections are, unless otherwise indicated, references to sections of the Plan, including the appendices. 
 B-3.2 Terms Defined . Except as otherwise provided, whenever used in Appendix A, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 
 (a) Annuity means a Single Life Annuity or a Joint and Survivor Annuity.
 (b) Committee means the Company s Pension Plan Oversight Committee.
 (c) Joint and Survivor Annuity shall have the meaning set forth in the Qualified Retirement Plan. (d) Lump Sum means the actuarial equivalent of a Participant s Plan Benefit payable in a single cash lump sum on the Payment Date. (e) Payment Date means the date the Participant receives his Plan Benefit, in all cases in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Plan. (f) Plan Benefit means, as of a given date, the total benefit payable under the Plan to a Participant, expressed as a Single Life Annuity in accordance with the rules of Section 3.2, commencing on the Participant s Normal Retirement Date or Postponed Retirement Date, as applicable, that a Participant has accrued under the Plan. (g) Prior Plan means the terms of the Plan in effect immediately prior to 1 January 2005, as set forth in the Company s written documents, rules, practices and procedures applicable to this Plan. (h) Retirement or Retire means a Separation from Service by a Participant who is then Retirement Eligible. (i) Retirement Eligible means eligible for a normal retirement benefit or an early retirement benefit within the meaning of the terms of the Qualified Retirement Plan in effect as of 1 January 2007. (j) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and the applicable rulings and regulations promulgated thereunder. (k) Section 409A Compliance has the meaning set forth in Section B-1.4.
 (l) Separation from Service means, with respect to a Participant, a separation from service within the meaning of the default rules of Section 409A; provided that: 

29 

(1) for purposes of determining which entities are treated as a single service recipient with the Company, the phrase at least 20 percent shall be substituted for the phrase at least 80 percent each place it appears in Sections 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3) of the Code and Section 1.414(c)-2 of the Treasury Regulations, as permitted under Section 1.409A-1(h)(3) of the Treasury Regulations; and (2) a Participant absent from work due to Disability shall incur a Separation from Service 29 months after the date on which the Participant was first Disabled. (m) Single Life Annuity means a Participant s Plan Benefit payable in monthly installments over the life of the Participant, commencing as of the Payment Date and ending with the payment due for the month in which the Participant dies, with no further payments on his behalf after his death. (n) Special Paid Leave of Absence has the meaning set forth in the Deere Company Policy for Special Paid Leave of Absence for Salaried Employees. (o) Termination means a Separation from Service by a Participant who is not Retirement Eligible. (p) Vacation means one or more days, as the case may be, of such vacation to which the Participant is entitled pursuant to the policies and practices of the Company then in effect and (i) as of the date of the Participant s Separation from Service, deferred from a prior anniversary year and unused as of such Separation from Service, (ii) earned in the current anniversary year and unused as of such Separation from Service and (iii) if a Participant s Vacation described in clause (i) or (ii) of this definition is used in the anniversary year following the anniversary year in which such Separation from Service occurs, earned in such following anniversary year, whether or not used by the Participant. (q) Vested Plan Benefit means the portion of the Participant s Plan Benefit that has vested in accordance with Article 3. 

30 

EXHIBIT I TITLES AS OF 1 NOVEMBER 1996 OFFICER SINCE Hans W. Becherer Chairman COO CEO 26 Apr 1977 (Retired) Bernard L. Hardiek President, Worldwide Ag. Equipment Division 26 Aug 1987 (Retired) Ferdinand F. Korndorf President, Worldwide Commercial Consumer Equipment Division 23 Sep 1991 (Retired) John K. Lawson Sr. VP, Engineering, Information Technology 27 Feb 1985 (Retired) Eugene L. Schotanus Executive VP Financial Services 29 Jan 1974 (Retired) Joseph W. England Sr. VP, Worldwide Parts Corp. Administration 29 Jan 1974 (Retired) Pierre E. Leroy President, Worldwide Industrial Equipment Div. 12 Dec 1985 (Retired) Michael S. Plunkett Sr., VP, Engineering, Technology HR 29 Jan 1980 (Retired) Frank S. Cottrell VP, General Counsel Corporate Secretary 26 Aug 1987 (Retired) Robert W. Lane Chairman CEO 16 Jan 1996 (Retired) 

TITLES AS OF 1 NOVEMBER 1996 OFFICER SINCE John S. Gault former VP, Engr., Info, Tech. GM, Harvester 01 Jan 1994 (Retired) Glen D. Gustafson former Comptroller Dir., Bus. Planning 28 Jul 1981 (Retired) Robert W. Porter Sr. VP, North American Ag. Marketing 16 Nov 1994 (Retired) Adel A. Zakaria Executive VP, Global Tractor Implement Sourcing 01 Apr 1992 (Retired) James D. White Sr. VP, Manufacturing 26 Aug 1987 (Retired) Mark C. Rostvold Sr. VP, Worldwide Commercial Consumer Equip. Division 26 Aug 1987 (Retired) Dennis E. Hoffmann President John Deere Insurance 05 Dec 1990 (Retired) Michael P. Orr President John Deere Credit Company 05 Dec 1990 (Retired) Richard J. VanBell President John Deere Health Care 16 Jan 1994 (Retired) 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.19>
 8
 de-20211031xex10d19.htm
 EX-10.19

Exhibit 10.19 
 DEERE COMPANY NONEMPLOYEE DIRECTOR DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN EFFECTIVE DATE: 01 JANUARY 1997 REVISED: 26 MAY 1999 AMENDED BY SUPPLEMENT: 30 AUGUST 2006 AMENDED: 29 NOVEMBER 2006 AMENDED AND RESTATED 13 DECEMBER 2007: EFFECTIVE 1 JANUARY 2008 AMENDED: 25 FEBRUARY 2009 EFFECTIVE: 25 FEBRUARY 2009 AMENDED: 30 OCTOBER 2015 EFFECTIVE: 1 NOVEMBER 2015 AMENDED: 31 OCTOBER 2016 EFFECTIVE: 1 NOVEMBER 2015 AMENDED: 31 OCTOBER 2017 EFFECTIVE: 1 NOVEMBER 2016 AMENDED: 31 OCTOBER 2017 EFFECTIVE: 1 NOVEMBER 2017 AMENDED: 31 OCTOBER 2019 EFFECTIVE: 1 NOVEMBER 2018 AMENDED: 31 OCTOBER 2020 EFFECTIVE: 1 NOVEMBER 2019 (For special rules applicable to deferrals after 2004 see the supplement beginning on page 14) 

DEERE COMPANY NONEMPLOYEE DIRECTOR DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN I. Purpose The purposes of the Deere Company Nonemployee Director Deferred Compensation Plan Plan are to attract and retain highly qualified individuals to serve as Directors of Deere Company Company and to relate Nonemployee Directors interests more closely to the Company s performance and its shareholders interests. II. Eligibility Each member of the Board of Directors Board of the Company who is not an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries Nonemployee Director is eligible to participate in the Plan. III. Definitions (a) Committee . The Nominating Committee of the Board or any successor committee of the Board. (b) Common Stock . The publicly traded 1 par value common stock of the Company or any successor. (c) Compensation . Amounts payable for services as a Nonemployee Director, excluding reimbursed expenses. (d) Deferred Account . The bookkeeping account maintained for each participating Nonemployee Director which will be credited with Deferred Amounts pursuant to the terms hereof. (e) Deferred Amounts . All amounts credited to a Nonemployee Director s Deferred Account pursuant to the Plan. (f) Elective Deferrals . Compensation voluntarily deferred by a Nonemployee Director under the Plan after 31 December 1996 (other than Lump-Sum Deferral defined below). (g) Investment Return. Any amounts (positive or negative) attributable to the Interest Alternative or the Equity Alternative (as such terms are defined in Section VII(c)) and any return (positive or negative) attributable to Notional Investments determined pursuant to VII(j). (h) Lump-Sum Deferral . A one-time lump-sum amount for each Nonemployee Director serving on 31 December 1996, which amount is deferred under the 

2 

Plan as described in Section V, below, as a result of the termination of the John Deere Pension Benefit Plan for Directors Retirement Plan ). (i) Notional Investment Options . The mutual funds and other investment vehicles designated by the Committee to be used to measure the return (positive or negative) to be attributed to deferred amounts (j) Participant . A Nonemployee Director for whom a Lump-Sum Deferral occurs on the Effective Date, or who elects to participate in the Plan. (k) Pre-1997 Elective Deferrals . Compensation deferred by a Nonemployee Director prior to 1 January 1997 under the predecessor Directors Deferred Compensation Plan approved 30 January 1973, as amended from time to time. (l) Recordkeeper. The entity which the Employer has selected to recordkeep the Nonemployee Director Deferred Compensation Plan. (m) Secretary . The Secretary of the Company. (n) Transition Date . 7 October 2016 IV. Effective Date The effective date of the Plan is 1 January 1997 Effective Date ). V. Lump-Sum Deferral As of the Effective Date, the Retirement Plan will be eliminated and the present value of the life annuity offered under the Retirement Plan for each Nonemployee Director who is both a participant in the Retirement Plan and a member of the Board on the Effective Date will be deposited into the Deferred Account of such Nonemployee Director. The present value will be determined by using a discount factor which shall be the rate for 10-year treasury stripped bonds in effect as of 31 December 1996 and by using the 1984 Unisex Pension Mortality tables published in the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation Regulation 2619, Appendix A. VI. Elective Deferral (a) Participants may elect to defer a part or all of their annual Compensation by making an irrevocable deferral election in writing on a form provided by the Company and delivered to the Company not later than the Company may direct. Elective Deferrals will become effective on the first day of the following calendar quarter, at which time they become irrevocable. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any person who first becomes a Nonemployee Director during a calendar quarter, may elect, before his or her term begins, to defer a part or all of his or her compensation that would 

3 

otherwise be payable to him or her during the remainder of such calendar quarter and each succeeding calendar quarter until such election is modified or terminated as provided herein. A Participant may discontinue deferrals, or may change his or her investment choices, for future quarters by providing a written election delivered to the Company not later than the Company may direct. These changes will become effective on the first day of the following calendar quarter. (b) If the amount of a Participant s Compensation is changed, the deferral percentage and investment alternative elections shall continue to be applied to the new Compensation amount after the change. VII. Deferred Account (a) The Recordkeeper shall establish a separate Deferred Account for each Participant. (b) Unless and until reallocated pursuant to Section VII(j), pre-1997 Elective Deferrals and the interest earned thereon shall be credited to the Deferred Account and will continue to be invested in the Interest Alternative described below. (c) As of the Effective Date and continuing for periods ending on the Transition Date, two investment alternatives will be available: an interest-bearing alternative (the Interest Alternative and an equity alternative denominated in units of Deere Common Stock (the Equity Alternative ). Additional investment alternatives may be added by subsequent amendment of the Plan. (d) For deferral elections made prior to the Transition Date, at the time of Elective Deferral, Participants may direct their deferrals into either the Interest Alternative or the Equity Alternative, or a combination of the two, in increments of 5 . (e) Deferred amounts credited into the Interest Alternative will be credited with interest at the end of each calendar quarter at the interest rate identified in the U.S. Federal Reserve Statistical Release, bank prime loan rate for the second month of each calendar quarter, plus 2 . Deferred amounts credited into the Interest Alternative after December 31, 2009, will be credited with interest at the end of each calendar quarter at an at-market rate equal to the at-market rate used for the employee Deere Company Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan. (f) Deferred Amounts credited into the Equity Alternative shall be expressed and credited to each Participant s Deferred Account in units Units determined as hereinafter provided. As of each date on which Deferred Amounts are credited into the Equity Alternative, the Recordkeeper shall 

4 

credit to such Deferred Account a number of Units and fractional Units, rounded to three decimal places, determined by dividing such Deferred Amounts by the Unit Value (as defined below) of one share of Common Stock. The Unit Value of one share of Common Stock shall be the closing price of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date on which Deferred Amounts are credited to the Deferred Account or a payment is to be valued under Section VIII (b) below, as the case may be; or if there were no sales on that day, then Unit Value shall be the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape on the most recent preceding day on which there were sales. The Lump-Sum Deferral shall be credited as of the Effective Date. (g) When dividends are paid with respect to the Company s Common Stock, the Recordkeeper shall calculate the amount which would have been payable on the Units in each Participant s Deferred Account on each dividend record date as if each Unit represented one issued and outstanding share of the Company s Common Stock. The applicable number of Units and fractional Units equal to the amount of such dividends (based on the Unit Value of one share of the Company s Common Stock on the dividend payment date) shall be credited to each Participant s Deferred Account. In the event of any capital stock adjustment to the Company s Common Stock or other similar event, the number of Units or fractional Units credited to Deferred Accounts shall be adjusted to appropriately reflect such event. (h) Participants credited with Units hereunder shall not have any voting rights in respect thereof. (i) For periods beginning on or after the Transition Date, a Participant s account shall continue to be valued as provided in the foregoing Sections VII(b) through (h), except that the account shall be valued in such manner only on the portion of the account that is not allocated to other Notional Investment Options pursuant to Section VII(j). (j) For periods beginning on the Transition Date, the Committee has established the Notional Investment Options listed on Schedule A which shall be available for exchanges and future contributions. The Committee may from time to time in its discretion modify the list of Notional Investment Options set forth on Schedule A and, as so modified, such list shall constitute the Notional Investment Options available for exchanges and future contributions occurring after the effective date of such modification. A Participant may reallocate the Participant s account balance among the available Notional Investment Options on a daily basis pursuant to procedures established by the Committee. (k) Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, neither the Interest Alternative nor the Equity Alternative shall be available as a Notional 

5 

Investment Option for amounts deferred after 31 December 2016. All such deferrals shall instead be allocated to one or more Notional Investment Options pursuant to a Participant s election made pursuant to Section VII(j) above and shall thereafter be available for reallocation as specified therein. With respect to amounts deferred before 1 January 2017: (I) no such amount (including return thereon) that has been allocated from the Interest Alternative or the Equity Alternative to another Notional Investment Option may be reallocated back to either such alternative at any time. (l) A Participant s account shall be credited (or debited) with returns (positive or negative) on the Notional Investment Options to which the Participant s account is allocated. The Recordkeeper shall from time to time calculate each Participant s account value based on the Participant s deferred amounts and elections with respect to the deemed allocation of the Participant s account among the Notional Investment Options available to the Participant. Such calculation will be based on the best information available to the Recordkeeper as of the date of determination, which information may include estimates. (m) The Committee may, from time to time, change the Notional Investment Options available to Participants. Nothing in the Plan shall be construed to confer on a Participant the right to continue to have any particular Notional Investment Option available for purposes of measuring the value of the Participant s account. (n) The value of a Participant s account is subject to risk at all times based upon the performance of the Notional Investment Options to which the Participant s account is allocated. If the value of a Participant s Notional Investment Options decreases in the future, the value of the Participant s account may be lower than the Participant s original deferred amounts. Although a Participant will not be an investor in the elected Notional Investment Options, a Participant s account will be subject to gains and losses attributable to the performance of the elected Notional Investment Options. Payment of the Participant s account is also subject to the risks associated with the Participant s status as an unsecured general creditor of the Company as described in Section XI. VIII. Payment of Benefits (a) The value of a Participant s Deferred Account shall be payable solely in cash, either in (i) a lump sum, or (ii) in up to ten equal annual installments, in accordance with an election made by the Participant by written notice delivered to the Recordkeeper prior to the calendar year in which payments are to be made or commence. Such payment or payments shall be made 

6 

or commence, as the case may be, on the first business day of the calendar year following the year of the termination of service as Director. (b) Any lump sum payment shall be valued as of the end of the most recent calendar month prior to the payment date. The amount of each installment payment shall be determined by dividing the aggregate value credited to the Participant s Deferred Account (as of the end of the most recent calendar month prior to the payment date) by the remaining number of unpaid installments; provided, however, that the Committee may, in its absolute discretion, approve any other method of determining the amount of each installment payment in order to achieve approximately equal installment payments over the installment period. (c) The Company shall have the right to deduct from all payments under this Plan the amount necessary to satisfy any Federal, state, or local withholding tax requirements. (d) The Committee, at its sole discretion, may alter the timing or manner of payment of Deferred Amounts in the event that the Participant establishes, to the satisfaction of the Board, severe financial hardship. In such event, the Committee may: (1) provide that all or a portion of the amount previously deferred by the Participant shall be paid immediately in a lump-sum cash payment; (2) provide that all or a portion of the installments payable over a period of time shall be paid immediately in a lump sum; or (3) provide for such other installment payment schedules as it deems appropriate under the circumstances. It is expressly provided that the amount distributed shall not be in excess of that amount which is necessary for the Participant to meet the financial hardship. Severe financial hardship will be deemed to have occurred in the event of the Participant s impending bankruptcy, the long and serious illness of Participant or a dependent, other events of similar magnitude, or the invalidation of a deferral election by the Internal Revenue Service. The Committee s decision in passing on the severe financial hardship of the Participant and the manner in which, if at all, the payment of Deferred Amounts shall be altered or modified shall be final, conclusive and not subject to appeal. IX. Death of Participant (a) In the event of the death of a Participant, any amounts remaining in the Deferred Account will be paid to the Participant s designated beneficiary in 

7 

accordance with the distribution choices (e.g., lump sum or installments) elected by the Participant. These payments will commence on the first business day of the calendar year following the Participant s death. Amounts unpaid after the death of both the Participant and the designated beneficiary will be paid in a lump sum to the executor or administrator of the estate of the last of them to die. In the event that a Participant had not properly filed a beneficiary designation with the Recordkeeper prior to his or her death or, in the event a beneficiary predeceases the Participant, any unpaid deferrals will be paid in a lump sum to the Participant s estate. (b) No beneficiary hereunder shall have any right to assign, alienate, pledge, hypothecate, anticipate, or in any way create a lien upon any part of this Plan, nor shall the interest of any beneficiary or any distributions due or accruing to such beneficiary be liable in any way for the debts, defaults, or obligations of such beneficiary, whether such obligations arise out of contract or tort. X. Change of Control The following acceleration and valuation provisions shall apply in the event of a Change of Control or Potential Change of Control, as defined in this Section X. (a) In the event that: (i) a Change of Control as defined in paragraph (b) of this Section X occurs; or (ii) a Potential Change of Control as defined in paragraph (c) of this Section X occurs and the Committee or the Board determines that the provisions of this paragraph (a) should be invoked; then, unless otherwise determined by the Committee or the Board in writing prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control, the value of all Units credited to a Participant s Deferred Account shall be converted to cash based on the Change of Control Price (as defined in paragraph X(d)) and the aggregate amount credited to the Participant s Deferred Account under the Plan shall be paid in one lump-sum payment as soon as practicable following the date the Change of Control or Potential Change of Control occurs, but in no event more than 90 days after such date. (b) For purposes of paragraph (a) of this Section X, a Change of Control means a change in control of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement, provided that, 

8 

without limitation, such a Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if: (i) any person (as defined in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than a Participant in the Plan or group of Participants in the Plan, is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13(d)(3) under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities; (ii) during any period of two consecutive years, there shall cease to be a majority of the Board comprised as follows: individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director(s) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least _ of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved; (iii) the shareholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other company, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) at least 80 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger of consolidation; or (iv) the shareholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. (c) For purposes of paragraph (a) of this Section X, a Potential Change of Control means the happening of any of the following: (i) the entering into an agreement by the Company (other than with a Participant in the Plan or group of Participants in the Plan), the consummation of which would result in a Change of Control of the Company as defined in paragraph (b) of this Section X; or (ii) the acquisition of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, by any entity, person or group (other than a Participant or group of Participants, the Company or a majority owned subsidiary of the Company, or any of the Company s employee benefit plans including its trustee) of securities of the Company representing 5 or more of 

9 

the combined voting power of the Company s outstanding securities and the adoption by the Board of a resolution to the effect that a Potential Change of Control of the Company has occurred for purposes of the Plan. (d) For purposes of this Section X, Change of Control Price means the highest price per share of the Common Stock paid in any transaction reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape, or offered in any transaction related to a Potential or actual Change of Control of the Company at: (i) the date the Change of Control occurs; (ii) the date the Potential Change of Control is determined to have occurred; or (iii) such other date as the Committee may determine before the Change of Control occurs, or before or at the time the Potential Change of Control is determined to have occurred or the Committee or the Board determines that the provisions of paragraph X(a) shall be invoked, or at any time selected by the Committee during the 60 day period preceding such date. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, in the event of a Change of Control (i) the Plan may not be amended to reduce the formulas contained in paragraph VII(e) which determine the rate at which amounts equivalent to interest accrue with respect to cash amounts credited to a Participant s Deferred Account, including cash amounts attributable to the conversion of Units in a Participant s Deferred Account pursuant to paragraph X(a), and (ii) the successor Plan Administrator referred to in paragraph XI(d) shall determine the rates under the interest formulas contained in paragraph VII(e). XI. Miscellaneous (a) The right of a Participant to receive any amount credited to the Participant s Deferred Account shall not be transferable or assignable by the Participant, in whole or in part, either directly or by operation of law or otherwise, including, but not by way of limitation, execution, levy, garnishment, attachment, pledge, bankruptcy, or in any other manner, and no right or interest established herein shall be liable for, or subject to, any obligation or liability of the Participant, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive any amount credited to a Participant s Deferred Account hereunder, such right shall be no greater than that of an unsecured general creditor of the Company. Except as expressly provided herein, any person having an interest in any amount credited to a Participant s Deferred Account under 

10 

the Plan shall not be entitled to payment until the date the amount is due and payable. No person shall be entitled to anticipate any payment by assignment, alienation, sale, pledge, encumbrance or transfer in any form or manner prior to actual or constructive receipt thereof. (b) The amounts credited to the Deferred Account shall constitute an unsecured claim against the general funds of the Company. The Company shall not be required to reserve or otherwise set aside funds or shares of Common Stock for the payment of its obligations hereunder. The Plan is unfunded, and the Company will make Plan benefit payments solely from the general assets of the Company as benefit payments come due from time to time. (c) Except as herein provided, this Plan shall be binding upon the parties hereto, their designated beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators, successors (including but not limited to successors resulting from any corporate merger, purchase, consolidation or otherwise of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company) or assigns. (d) In the event of a Change in Control, the Committee shall interpret the Plan and make all determinations, construe any ambiguity, supply any omission, and reconcile any inconsistency, deemed necessary or desirable for the Plan s implementation. The determination of the Committee shall be conclusive. The Committee may obtain such advice or assistance as it deems appropriate from persons not serving on the Committee. The Secretary or other appropriate officer of the Company shall, in the event of any Change in Control, name as successor Plan Administrator any person or entity (including, without limitation, a bank or trust company). Following a Change in Control, the successor Plan Administrator shall interpret the Plan and make all determinations deemed necessary or desirable for the Plan s implementation. The determination of the successor Plan Administrator shall be conclusive. The Company shall provide the successor Plan Administrator with such records and information as are necessary for the proper administration of the Plan. The successor Plan Administrator shall rely on such records and other information as the successor Plan Administrator shall in its judgment deem necessary or appropriate in determining the eligibility of a Participant and the amount payable to a Participant under the Plan. (e) The Board, upon recommendation of the Committee, may at any time amend or terminate the Plan provided that no amendment or termination shall impair the rights of a Participant with respect to amounts then credited to the Participant s Deferred Account, except with his or her consent. (f) Each Participant will receive a quarterly statement indicating the amounts credited to the Participant s Deferred Account as of the end of the preceding calendar quarter. 

11 

(g) If adjustments are made to outstanding shares of Common Stock as a result of stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations, reorganizations, mergers, consolidations and other changes in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Common Stock, an appropriate adjustment shall also be made in the number and type of Units credited to the Participant s Deferred Account to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights. The Committee s or Board s determination as to what adjustments shall be made, and the extent thereof, shall be final. (h) This Plan and all elections hereunder shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Illinois. (i) Except where otherwise indicated by the context, any term used herein connoting gender also shall include both the masculine and feminine; the plural shall include the singular, and the singular shall include the plural. (j) In the event any provision of the Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. (k) Nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to create any obligation on the part of the Board to nominate any Nonemployee Director for reelection by the Company s shareholders, or rights to any benefits not specifically provided by the Plan. (l) The crediting of Units and the payment of cash under the Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies as may be required. (m) The Company may impose such other restrictions on any Units credited pursuant to the Plan as it may deem advisable including, without limitation, restrictions intended to achieve compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with the requirements of any stock exchange upon which Common Stock is listed, and with any blue sky or other securities laws applicable to such Units. (n) With respect to any Participants subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act, transactions under the Plan are intended to comply with all applicable conditions of Rule 16b-3 or its successors. To the extent any provision of the Plan or action by the Board fails to so comply, it shall be deemed null and void to the extent permitted by law and deemed advisable by the Board. 

12 

SUPPLEMENT TO DEERE COMPANY NONEMPLOYEE DIRECTOR DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN APPLICABLE TO AMOUNTS DEFERRED AFTER DECEMBER 31, 2004 The following provisions will apply only to amounts deferred under the Plan after December 31, 2004 and not to amounts deferred under the Plan that were both earned and vested before January 1, 2005. Amounts deferred under the Plan prior to January 1, 2005 will be subject to the terms of the Plan without regard to this supplement. Except to the extent amended hereby, the terms of the Plan shall continue to apply to amounts deferred pursuant to the Plan. 1. The following definitions are added to Section III Definitions . (a) Change in Control Event . A change in ownership, a change in effective control, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of the default rules under Section 409A. (l) Section 409A . Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder. (m) Separation from Service . With respect to a Participant, a separation from service as a director or independent contractor within the meaning of the default rules of Section 409A. (n) Unforeseeable Emergency . A severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from (i) an illness or accident of the Participant or his spouse, dependent (within the meaning of Section 152 of the Internal Revenue Code, but without giving effect to Section 152(b)(1), (b)(2) and (d)(1)(B) Dependent )) or beneficiary, (ii) the loss of the Participant s property due to casualty (including the need to rebuild a home following damage to a home not otherwise covered by insurance, for example, not as a result of a natural disaster), (iii) the imminent foreclosure of or eviction from the Participant s primary residence, (iv) the need to pay for medical expenses, including non-refundable deductibles, as well as for the costs of prescription drug medication, (v) the need to pay for the funeral expenses of a spouse, Dependent or beneficiary, or (vi) other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant. The purchase of a primary residence and the payment of college tuition shall not constitute Unforeseeable Emergencies . 

13 

2. Subsections (a) through (j) of Section III Definitions are renumbered as subsections (b) through (k). 3. Section VI(a) Elective Deferral is restated in its entirety as follows: (a) Participants may elect to defer a part or all of their annual Compensation by making an irrevocable deferral election in writing on a form provided by the Company and delivered to the Company not later than the last day of the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the deferrals are to commence, at which time the deferral election becomes irrevocable. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any person who first becomes a Nonemployee Director during a calendar year, may elect, before or within 30 days after his or her term begins, to defer a part or all of his or her compensation that would otherwise be payable to him or her during the remainder of such calendar year, except that no such election shall be available to a Nonemployee Director if prior to becoming eligible to participate in the Plan, the Nonemployee Director was eligible to participate in any other arrangement of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates that is an elective account balance plan (as such term is defined for purposes of Section 409A) for directors or independent contractors, other than a separation pay arrangement. Elections made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall apply to the calendar year in which the deferrals are to commence and to each succeeding calendar year until such election is modified or terminated as provided in the following sentence. A Participant may modify or discontinue deferrals, or may change his or her investment choices, for future calendar years by providing an irrevocable written election delivered to the Company not later than the close of the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the changes are to take effect. 4. Section VIII Payment of Benefits is restated in its entirety as follows: (a) The value of a Participant s Deferred Account attributable to amounts deferred in respect of any calendar year (including related investment returns) shall be payable solely in cash, either in (i) a lump sum, or (ii) in up to ten equal annual installments, in accordance with an election made by the Participant by written notice delivered to the Recordkeeper prior to the calendar year for which the services to the Company are rendered. Such payment or payments shall be made or commence, as the case may be, on the first business day of the calendar year following the year of the Participant s Separation from Service. (b) Notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary, to the extent that a Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code, as determined under the Company s established methodology for determining specified 

14 

employees, on the date on which the Participant incurs a Separation from Service, no distribution upon Separation from Service (including upon retirement or other termination) may be made before the first business day of the first calendar quarter that begins at least six (6) months after such Participant s date of Separation from Service, or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, and any distribution that would be made but for application of this provision shall instead be aggregated with, and paid together with, the first distribution scheduled to be made after the end of such delay period (or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death). (c) Any lump sum payment shall be valued as of the end of the most recent calendar month prior to the payment date. The amount of each installment payment shall be determined by dividing the aggregate value credited to the Participant s Deferred Account (as of the end of the most recent calendar month prior to the payment date) by the remaining number of unpaid installments. (d) The Company shall have the right to deduct from all payments under this Plan the amount necessary to satisfy any Federal, state, or local withholding tax requirements. (e) The Committee, at its sole discretion, may alter the timing or manner of payment of Deferred Amounts in the event that the Participant establishes, to the satisfaction of the Board, that there has occurred an Unforeseeable Emergency. In such event, the Committee may: (i) provide that all or a portion of the amount previously deferred by the Participant shall be paid immediately in a lump-sum cash payment; or (ii) provide that all or a portion of the installments payable over a period of time shall be paid immediately in a lump sum. It is expressly provided that, as determined under regulations of the Secretary of the United States Treasury, the amount distributed shall not be in excess of that amount which is reasonably necessary to satisfy the Unforeseeable Emergency (which may include amounts necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of such distribution(s)), after taking into account the extent to which such hardship is or may be relieved through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, or by liquidation of the Participant s assets to the extent liquidation of such assets would not cause severe financial hardship, or by cessation of deferrals under the Plan. If a Participant requests and receives a distribution on account of Unforeseeable Emergency, the Participant s deferrals under the Plan shall cease and his election under the Plan shall be 

15 

canceled. Any new deferral election following cancellation of a prior deferral election due to Unforeseeable Emergency shall be subject to the timing requirements of Section VI and Section 409A. The Committee s decision in passing on the occurrence of an Unforeseeable Emergency for the Participant and the manner in which, if at all, the payment of Deferred Amounts shall be altered or modified shall be final, conclusive and not subject to appeal. (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Plan does not permit the acceleration of the time or schedule of any distribution under the Plan, except as would not result in the imposition on any person of additional taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A. 5. Subsection (a) of Section IX Death of Participant is restated in its entirety as follows: (a) In the event of the death of a Participant, any amounts remaining in the Deferred Account will be paid to the Participant s designated beneficiary in a single lump sum on the first business day of the calendar year following the Participant s death. In the event that a Participant had not properly filed a beneficiary designation with the Recordkeeper prior to his or her death, or if the beneficiary dies prior to the payment date set forth in the preceding sentence, the balance of the Participant s Deferred Account will be paid to his or her estate on such payment date. 6. Section X Change in Control is restated in its entirety as follows: The following acceleration and valuation provisions shall apply in the event of a Change in Control Event. (a) In the event that a Change in Control Event occurs, then the value of all Units credited to a Participant s Deferred Account shall be converted to cash, determined by multiplying the number of Units credited to the Participant s Deferred Account on the date of the Change in Control Event by the Change in Control Price (as defined in paragraph X(b)), and the aggregate amount credited to the Participant s Deferred Account under the Plan shall be paid in one lump-sum payment as soon as practicable following the date the Change in Control Event occurs, but in no event more than 90 days after such date. (b) For purposes of this Section X, Change in Control Price means the closing selling price of a share of Common Stock on the date the Change in Control Event occurs, or if there are no sales on the date the Change in Control Event occurs, the closing selling price of a share of Common Stock on the trading day immediately preceding the date the Change in Control Event occurs, in either case as reported on the composite tape 

16 

for securities listed on the NYSE, or such other national securities exchange as may be designated by the Committee. (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, in the event of a Change in Control Event (i) the Plan may not be amended to reduce the formulas contained in paragraph VII(e), which determine the rate at which amounts equivalent to interest accrue with respect to cash amounts credited to a Participant s Deferred Account, including cash amounts attributable to the conversion of Units in a Participant s Deferred Account pursuant to paragraph X(a), and (ii) the successor Plan Administrator referred to in paragraph XI(d) shall determine the rates under the interest formulas contained in paragraph VII(e). 7. Subsection XI(b) Miscellaneous is amended by adding the following after the initial sentence thereof: No Participant or beneficiary shall have any interest whatsoever in any specific asset of the Company. 8. Subsection XI(d) Miscellaneous is amended by replacing each occurrence of the term Change in Control with Change in Control Event . 9. Subsection XI(e) Miscellaneous is amended by adding thereto: I f the Plan is terminated, the balance of the Participant s Deferred Account shall be paid in accordance with normal time and form of payment specified hereunder, provided that the Committee, in its discretion and in full and complete settlement of the Company s obligations under this Plan, may cause the Company to distribute the full amount of a Participant s Deferred Account to the Participant in a single lump sum to the extent that such distribution may be effected in a manner that will not result in the imposition on any person of additional taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan to the contrary, the Board, the Committee or the Vice President of Human Resources of the Company shall have the unilateral right to amend or modify the Plan to the extent the Board, the Committee or the Vice President of Human Resources of the Company deems such action to be necessary or advisable to avoid the imposition on any person of adverse or unintended tax consequences under Section 409A, including recognition of income in respect of any benefits under this Plan before such benefits are paid or the imposition of additional taxes, penalties or interest. Any determinations made by the Board, the Committee or the Vice President of Human Resources of the Company in this regard shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons. 

17 

SCHEDULE A Notional Investment Options BTC LIFEPATH RET G BTC LIFEPATH 2020 G (REPLACED ON NOVEMBER 15, 2019) BTC LIFEPATH 2025 G BTC LIFEPATH 2030 G BTC LIFEPATH 2035 G BTC LIFEPATH 2040 G BTC LIFEPATH 2045 G BTC LIFEPATH 2050 G BTC LIFEPATH 2055 G BTC LIFEPATH 2060 G BTC LIFEPATH 2065 G (AVAILABLE ON NOVEMBER 15, 2019) S P 500 STOCK INDEX, CLASS F SMALL/MID STOCK INDEX, CLASS F INTERNATIONAL STOCK INDEX, CLASS F U.S. TIPS BOND INDEX, CLASS F U.S. BOND INDEX, CLASS F COMMODITY INDEX, CLASS F REAL ESTATE INDEX, CLASS F FIDELITY GROWTH COMPANY COMMINGLED POOL CLASS # BOSTON PARTNERS LARGE CAP VALUE FUND SHARE CLASS E QMA US SMALL CAP CORE EQUITY FD CL TS W INTERNATIONAL LARGE CAP EQUITY TRUST 

18 

WELLS FARGO ADVANTAGE EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY FUND CLASS R6 (REPLACED ON NOVEMBER 15, 2019) WELLS FARGO EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY CIT E2 (AVAILABLE ON NOVEMBER 15, 2019) WELLS FARGO CORE PLUS BOND FUND FIDELITY INVESTMENTS MONEY MARKET FUNDS GOVERNMENT PORTFOLIO INSTITUTIONAL CLASS (All references to BTC LIFEPATH G WERE TO BTC LIFEPATH N prior to 24 July 2020.) 

19 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.32>
 9
 de-20211031xex10d32.htm
 EX-10.32

Exhibit 10.32 EXECUTION VERSION 
 FIRST aMENDMENT This First Amendment, dated as of October 15, 2021 (this Amendment ), to the 2025 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement ), among (a) DEERE COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), (b) JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Capital Corporation ), (c) JOHN DEERE BANK S.A., a Luxembourg soci t anonyme JD Luxembourg , together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), (d) the several financial institutions parties thereto (the Banks ), (e) JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns, the Administrative Agent ), (f) CITIBANK, N.A., as documentation agent and (g) BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as syndication agent. W I T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Banks and the Administrative Agent are parties to the Existing Credit Agreement and the Borrowers have requested that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended as set forth herein (the Existing Credit Agreement, as so amended, the Credit Agreement WHEREAS, an Early Opt-in Election in respect of Pounds Sterling has occurred as a result of (i) a determination by the Company that at least five currently outstanding syndicated credit facilities documented in Pounds Sterling contain a new benchmark interest rate to replace the Relevant Rate in respect of Pounds Sterling and (ii) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Company to declare that an Early Opt-in Election has occurred with respect to Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling and the provision by the Administrative Agent and the Company of written notice of such election to the Banks; WHEREAS, the Company and the Administrative Agent desire to amend the Existing Credit Agreement to reflect the Benchmark Replacement with respect to Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, in accordance with clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1. Defined Terms . Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms are used herein as defined in the Credit Agreement. 
 SECTION 2. Amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3, the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended in accordance with Exhibit A hereto by deleting the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and by inserting the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text ), in each case in the place where such text appears therein; and 
 SECTION 3. Conditions to Effectiveness of this Amendment . This Amendment shall become effective on the date on which the following conditions precedent have been satisfied or waived (the date on which such conditions shall have been so satisfied or waived, the First Amendment Effective Date ): 

- 2 - 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received a counterpart of this Amendment, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of each Borrower. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid, and all expenses (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of legal counsel) for which invoices have been presented at least 2 Business Days (or such later date as agreed to by the Borrowers) prior to the First Amendment Effective Date. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall not have received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth Business Day after the date notice of the Early Opt-in Election in respect of Pounds Sterling and the Benchmark Replacement in respect thereof is provided to the Banks, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-In Election and Benchmark Replacement from Banks comprising the Majority Banks. 
 
 SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties . On and as of the date hereof, the Borrowers hereby confirm, reaffirm and restate that, prior to and after giving effect to this Amendment (i) the representations and warranties made by the Borrowers in the Existing Credit Agreement or which are contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished by any Borrower at any time under the Existing Credit Agreement or in connection herewith shall be correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof as if made on and as of such date (except (i) that any representations and warranties which expressly relate to an earlier date shall be correct in all material respects as of such earlier date and (ii) that any representations and warranties which are already qualified by materiality shall be correct in all respects) and (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing on the date hereof. 
 SECTION 5. Continuing Effect; No Other Amendments or Consents . 
 
 (a) Except as expressly provided herein, all of the terms and provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement are and shall remain in full force and effect. The amendments provided for herein are limited to the specific subsections of the Existing Credit Agreement specified herein and shall not constitute a consent, waiver or amendment of, or an indication of the Administrative Agent s or the Banks willingness to consent to any action requiring consent under any other provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement or the same subsection for any other date or time period. Upon the effectiveness of the amendments set forth herein, on and after the First Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, the Agreement, hereunder, hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to Credit Agreement, thereunder, thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement. 
 (b) The Borrowers and the Administrative Agent acknowledge and agree that this Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document. 
 
 SECTION 6. Expenses . The Borrowers agree to pay and reimburse the Administrative Agent for all its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation and delivery of this Amendment, and any other documents prepared in connection herewith and the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and disbursements counsel to the Administrative Agent, in accordance with the terms in the Credit Agreement. 

- 3 - 
 SECTION 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Amendment on any number of separate counterparts and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. A set of the copies of this Amendment signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Amendment, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided , further , without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Banks shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrowers without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Bank, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrowers hereby (i) agree that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Banks, and the Borrowers, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Amendment, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) the Administrative Agent and each of the Banks may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Amendment, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Amendment, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Amendment, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Indemnified Person for any Losses arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and/or any Bank s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Losses arising as a result of the failure of a Borrower to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 SECTION 8. Successors and Assigns . The provisions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that its submission of a signature page to this Amendment is irrevocable and binding on such party and its respective successors and assigns even if such signature page is submitted prior to the effectiveness of any amendment contained herein. 

- 4 - 
 SECTION 9. Severability . Any provision of this Amendment held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 10. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. DEERE COMPANY By: /s/ Andrew M. Recker Name: Andrew M. Recker Title: Assistant Treasurer JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: /s/ Andrew M. Recker Name: Andrew M. Recker Title: Assistant Treasurer JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: /s/ Andrew Traeger Name: Andrew Traeger Title: Member of the Board 
 By: /s/ Jeffrey A Trahan Name: Jeffrey A Trahan Title: VP Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Deere 2025 Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: /s/ Sean Bodkin Name: Sean Bodkin Title: Vice President 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Deere 2025 Credit Agreement] 

Exhibit A AMENDED CREDIT AGREEMENT [See attached] 

EXECUTION VERSION EXHIBIT A DEERE COMPANY JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. ________________________________________ 2,500,000,000 2025 CREDIT AGREEMENT 1 Dated as of March 29, 2021 ________________________________________ JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent Citibank, N.A. , as Documentation Agent BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent ________________________________________ JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and BOFA SECURITIES, INC., as Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners 
 
 1 Conformed version reflects the First Amendment dated as of October 15, 2021. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS 1 
 1.1 Defined Terms 1 
 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions 27 
 1.3 Currency Conversion 27 
 1.4 Interest Rates; LIBOR Notification 28 
 SECTION 2. THE COMMITTED RATE LOANS; THE BID LOANS; THE NEGOTIATED RATE LOANS; AMOUNT AND TERMS 28 
 2.1 The Committed Rate Loans 28 
 2.2 The Bid Loans; the Negotiated Rate Loans 29 
 2.3 Loan Accounts 33 
 2.4 Fees 33 
 2.5 Termination or Reduction of Commitments; Cancellation of Capital Corporation or JD Luxembourg as Borrower 34 
 2.6 Prepayments 35 
 2.7 Minimum Amount of Certain Loans 36 
 2.8 Committed Rate Loan Interest Rate and Payment Dates 36 
 2.9 Conversion and Continuation Options 36 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 37 
 2.11 Inability to Determine Interest Rate 37 
 2.12 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments 40 
 2.13 Requirements of Law 42 
 2.14 Indemnity 46 
 2.15 Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent 47 
 2.16 Extension of Termination Date 47 
 2.17 Indemnified Taxes 48 
 2.18 Confirmations 51 
 2.19 Replacement of Cancelled Banks 52 
 2.20 Commitment Increases 52 
 2.21 [Reserved] 54 
 2.22 [Reserved] 54 
 2.23 Defaulting Banks 54 
 2.24 Judgment Currency 55 
 2.25 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate 56 
 2.26 Letters of Credit 56 
 2.27 Capital Corporation Guaranty 59 
 SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 61 
 3.1 Financial Condition 61 
 3.2 Corporate Existence 61 
 3.3 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations 61 
 3.4 No Legal Bar 61 
 3.5 No Material Litigation 62 
 3.6 Taxes 62 

 i 

3.7 Margin Regulations 62 
 3.8 Use of Proceeds 62 
 3.9 Sanctions Laws and Regulations 62 
 3.10 Beneficial Ownership Certification 62 
 SECTION 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 63 
 4.1 Conditions to Initial Extensions of Credit 63 
 4.2 Conditions to All Extensions of Credit 64 
 SECTION 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 65 
 5.1 Financial Statements 65 
 5.2 Certificates; Other Information 65 
 5.3 Company Indenture Documents 66 
 5.4 Capital Corporation Indenture Documents 66 
 5.5 Notice of Default 66 
 5.6 Ownership of Capital Corporation and JD Luxembourg Stock 66 
 5.7 Employee Benefit Plans 66 
 5.8 Compliance 67 
 SECTION 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY 67 
 6.1 Company May Consolidate, etc., Only on Certain Terms 67 
 6.2 Limitation on Liens 67 
 6.3 Limitations on Sale and Lease-back Transactions 70 
 6.4 Equipment Operations Debt 71 
 SECTION 7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF THE CAPITAL CORPORATION 71 
 7.1 Fixed Charges Ratio 71 
 7.2 Consolidated Senior Debt to Consolidated Capital Base 71 
 7.3 Limitation on Liens 71 
 7.4 Consolidation; Merger 73 
 SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 73 
 SECTION 9. THE AGENTS 75 
 9.1 Appointment 75 
 9.2 Delegation of Duties 76 
 9.3 Exculpatory Provisions 76 
 9.4 Reliance by Agents 76 
 9.5 Notice of Default 78 
 9.6 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Banks 78 
 9.7 Indemnification 78 
 9.8 Agents in their Individual Capacities 79 
 9.9 Successor Agents 79 
 SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS 79 
 10.1 Amendments and Waivers 79 
 10.2 Notices 80 

 ii 

10.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 81 
 10.4 Payment of Expenses 82 
 10.5 Successors and Assigns; Participations; Purchasing Banks 83 
 10.6 Adjustments 87 
 10.7 Confidentiality 87 
 10.8 Counterparts 88 
 10.9 GOVERNING LAW 89 
 10.10 Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process 89 
 10.11 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL 90 
 10.12 USA Patriot Act 90 
 10.13 No Fiduciary Duty 90 
 10.14 Headings 90 
 10.15 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 90 
 10.16 Bank ERISA Representations 91 
 SCHEDULES: Schedule I Terms of Subordination Schedule II Commitments Schedule III Existing Letters of Credit EXHIBITS: Exhibit A Form of Borrowing Notice Exhibit B Form of Bid Loan Request Exhibit C Form of Bid Loan Offer Exhibit D Form of Bid Loan Confirmation Exhibit E Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit F [Reserved] Exhibit G Form of Opinion of General Counsel to the Company Exhibit H Form of Opinion of Special New York Counsel to the Borrowers Exhibit I Form of Extension Request Exhibit J Form of Form W-8BEN-E Tax Letter Exhibit K Form of Form W-8ECI Tax Letter Exhibit L Form of Replacement Bank Agreement Exhibit M Form of Promissory Note Exhibit N Form of New Bank Supplement Exhibit O Form of Commitment Increase Supplement Exhibit P Form of Certificate of Non-Bank Status 
 iii 

2025 CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of March 29, 2021, among (a) DEERE COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), (b) JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Capital Corporation ), (c) JOHN DEERE BANK S.A., a Luxembourg soci t anonyme JD Luxembourg ), (d) the several financial institutions parties hereto (collectively, the Banks , and individually, a Bank ), (e) JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as administrative agent hereunder (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns, the Administrative Agent ), (f) Citibank, N.A. , as documentation agent hereunder (in such capacity, the Documentation Agent ), and (g) BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as syndication agent hereunder (in such capacity, the Syndication Agent ). The parties hereto hereby agree as follows: SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS 1.1 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: 
 ABR : at any particular date, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) 0.5 per annum above the NYFRB Rate and (c) the Eurocurrency Rate for a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars with one-month Interest Period commencing on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1 (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, such Eurocurrency Rate for any date shall be based on the LIBOR Screen Rate (or if the LIBOR Screen Rate is not available for such one-month Interest Period, the LIBOR Interpolated Rate)). Any change in ABR due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Eurocurrency Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Eurocurrency Rate, respectively. If the ABR is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to subsection 2.11 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to subsection 2.11(b)), then the ABR shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. ABR Loans : Committed Rate Loans at such time as they are made and/or being maintained at a rate of interest based upon the ABR. Absolute Rate Bid Loan : any Bid Loan made pursuant to an Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request. Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request : any Bid Loan Request requesting the Banks to offer to make Bid Loans at an absolute rate (as opposed to a rate composed of the Applicable Index Rate plus (or minus a margin). Act : as defined in subsection 10.12. Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA : an interest rate per annum equal to (a) Daily Simple SONIA, plus (b) 0.0326 ; provided that if Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA as so determined would be less than 0.0 , such rate shall be deemed to be equal to 0.0 for the purposes of this Agreement. Administrative Agent : as defined in the preamble hereto. It is understood that matters concerning the Foreign Currency Loans will be administered by the Foreign Currency Agent as agent for the Administrative Agent. 

2 

Administrative Questionnaire : an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. Affected Financial Institution : (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affected Foreign Currency : as defined in subsection 2.11(a). Agent : the Administrative Agent, the Foreign Currency Agent, the Syndication Agent, or the Documentation Agent, as the context shall require; together, the Agents . Agreement : this 2025 Credit Agreement , as amended by the First Amendment and as further amended, supplemented or modified from time to time. Agreement Currency : as defined in subsection 2.24(b). Ancillary Document : as defined in subsection 10.8. Anti-Corruption Laws : all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. Applicable Creditor : as defined in subsection 2.24(b). Applicable Index Rate : in respect of any Bid Loan requested pursuant to an Index Rate Bid Loan Request, the Eurocurrency Rate applicable to the Interest Period for such Bid Loan. Applicable Margin : (a) with respect to ABR Loans, the rate per annum set forth below for ABR Loans in the column corresponding to the Prevailing Rating of the Company and , (b) with respect to Eurocurrency Loans, the rate per annum set forth below for Eurocurrency Loans in the column corresponding to the Prevailing Rating of the Company and (c) with respect to SONIA Loans, the rate per annum set forth below for SONIA Loans in the column corresponding to the Prevailing Rating of the Company : 

Level I Rating Level II Rating Level III Rating Level IV Rating Level V Rating ABR Loans 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.25 Eurocurrency Loans 0.625 0.75 0.875 1.00 1.25 SONIA Loans 0.625 0.75 0.875 1.00 1.25 
 Application : an application in such form from time to time in use by the applicable Issuing Bank, requesting an Issuing Bank to issue a Letter of Credit. Attributable Debt : as defined in subsection 6.2(b)(ii). Australian Dollars : the lawful currency of Australia. 

3 

Available Commitment : as to any Bank at any time, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) such Bank s Commitment then in effect over (b) such Bank s Committed Rate Loans then outstanding. Available Tenor : as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark in respect of Loans denominated in such Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period with respect to Loans denominated in the applicable Currency pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (f) of subsection 2.11. Bail-In Action : the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation : (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Bank and Banks : as defined in the preamble hereto. Benchmark : initially, with respect to a any (i) SONIA Loan, Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA or (ii) Eurocurrency Loan denominated in any Currency, the Relevant Rate for such Currency ; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark with respect to Loans denominated in such Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) or clause (c) of subsection 2.11. Benchmark Replacement : for any Available Tenor with respect to Loans denominated in any Currency, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date; provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in (3) below: (1) the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; (2) the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; (3) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor with respect to Loans denominated in such Currency giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 

4 

syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; provided further that, solely with respect to a Loan denominated in Dollars, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, to the extent that a Term SOFR Transition Event has occurred, and a Term SOFR Notice has been delivered, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the Benchmark Replacement shall revert to and shall be deemed to be the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as set forth in clause (1) of this definition (subject to the first proviso above). If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1), (2) or (3) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment : with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with respect to Loans denominated in any Currency with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement: (1) for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent: (a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and (2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency at such time; provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

5 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes : with respect to any Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any Currency, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR, the definition of Business Day, the definition of SONIA Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion (in consultation with the Company) may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines (in consultation with the Company) is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Benchmark Replacement Date : with respect to the Benchmark for any Loan denominated in any Currency, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; or (3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term SOFR Notice is provided to the Banks and the Company pursuant to Section 2.11(c); or (4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Banks, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Banks, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Banks comprising the Majority Banks. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event : with respect to the Benchmark for any Loan denominated in any Currency, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

6 

(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Unavailability Period : with respect to the Benchmark for any Loan denominated in any Currency, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with subsection 2.11 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with subsection 2.11. Beneficial Ownership Certification : a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Beneficial Ownership Regulation : 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. benefitted Bank : as defined in subsection 10.6. Bid Loan : each loan (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) made pursuant to subsection 2.2; the aggregate amount advanced by a Bid Loan Bank pursuant to subsection 2.2 on each Borrowing Date shall constitute one Bid Loan, or more than one Bid Loan if so specified by the relevant Loan Assignee in its request for promissory notes pursuant to subsection 10.5(c). Bid Loan Banks : the collective reference to each Bank designated from time to time as a Bid Loan Bank by the Company or the Capital Corporation (for purposes of Bid Loans to such Borrower) by written notice to the Administrative Agent and which has not been removed as a Bid Loan 

7 

Bank by such Borrower by written notice to the Administrative Agent (each of which notices the Administrative Agent shall transmit to each such affected Bank). Bid Loan Confirmation : each confirmation by the Company or the Capital Corporation of its acceptance of Bid Loan Offers, which Bid Loan Confirmation shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit D and shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent by facsimile transmission or by telephone, immediately confirmed by facsimile transmission. Bid Loan Offer : each offer by a Bid Loan Bank to make Bid Loans pursuant to a Bid Loan Request, which Bid Loan Offer shall contain the information specified in Exhibit C and shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent by facsimile transmission or by telephone, immediately confirmed by facsimile transmission. Bid Loan Request : each request by the Company or the Capital Corporation for Bid Loan Banks to submit bids to make Bid Loans, which shall contain the information in respect of such requested Bid Loans specified in Exhibit B and shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent by facsimile transmission or by telephone, immediately confirmed by facsimile transmission. Board : the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). Borrower : the Company, the Capital Corporation or JD Luxembourg; collectively, the Borrowers . Borrowing Date : in respect of any Loan, the date such Loan is made, and in respect of any Letter of Credit, the date such Letter of Credit is issued. Business Day : a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to close; provided , that (a) with respect to notices and determinations in connection with, and payments of principal and interest on, Eurocurrency Loans, such day is also a day for trading by and between banks in Dollar deposits in the interbank eurocurrency market in London, (b) when used in connection with a Foreign Currency Loan, a SONIA Loan or any other dealings in Pounds Sterling (in each case, other than in connection with any calculation or determination of interest rate in respect of a SONIA Loan), the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which commercial banks in London are authorized or required by law to close and any day on which banks are authorized or required by law to be closed in the principal financial center for that currency and , (c in relation to any calculation or determination of interest rate in respect of a SONIA Loan, Business Day shall mean a SONIA Business Day and (d when used in connection with Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Euros, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET) (or, if such clearing system ceases to be operative, such other clearing system (if any) determined by the Foreign Currency Agent to be a suitable replacement) is not open for settlement of payment in Euros. Calculation Date : with respect to each Foreign Currency, the last day of each calendar quarter (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) and such other days from time to time as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably designate as a Calculation Date provided , that the second Business Day preceding each Borrowing Date with respect to, and preceding each date of any borrowing, conversion or continuation of, any Foreign Currency Loan shall also be a Calculation Date with respect to the relevant Foreign Currency . ; provided further that with respect to any SONIA Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is 

8 

one month after the borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) shall also be a Calculation Date . Calendar Quarter : a three-month period consisting of (i) each January, February and March, (ii) each April, May and June, (iii) each July, August and September or (iv) each October, November and December. Canadian Dollars : the lawful currency of Canada. Cancelled Bank : (i) any Bank that has the whole or any part of its Commitment cancelled under subsection 2.13(a), (b) or (c), subsection 2.16(c) or subsection 2.17(b) or the Commitment of which has expired under subsection 2.16(a) and (ii) any Defaulting Bank that the Company designates in writing to such Bank and the Administrative Agent as a Cancelled Bank. Capital Corporation : as defined in the preamble hereto. CBR Loan : a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate. CBR Spread : the Applicable Margin, applicable to such Loan that is replaced by a CBR Loan. Central Bank Rate : (a) the greater of (i) for any Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time and (ii) 0.00 ; plus (b) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment. Central Bank Rate Adjustment : for any day, for any Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA for the five most recent SONIA Business Days preceding such day for which SONIA was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA applicable during such period of five SONIA Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Pounds Sterling in effect on the last SONIA Business Day in such period. For purposes of this definition, the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (b) of the definition of such term. Certificate of Non-Bank Status : a certificate substantially in the form and substance of Exhibit P. Closing Date : the date on which each of the conditions precedent specified in subsection 4.1 shall have been satisfied (or compliance therewith shall have been waived by the Majority Banks hereunder). Code : the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Code of Conduct : as defined in subsection 3.9. Commitment : as to any Bank, the amount set opposite such Bank s name on Schedule II or in any assignment pursuant to which such Bank becomes a party hereto with respect to any interest purchased therein, as such amount may be modified as provided herein; collectively, as to all Banks, the Commitments . 

9 

Commitment Expiration Date : as defined in subsection 2.16(a). Commitment Fee Rate : the rate per annum set forth below in the column corresponding to the Prevailing Rating of the Company: Level I Rating Level II Rating Level III Rating Level IV Rating Level V Rating 0.050 0.060 0.070 0.090 0.110 
 Commitment Increase Notice : as defined in subsection 2.20(a). Commitment Increase Supplement : as defined in subsection 2.20(c). Commitment Percentage : as to any Bank at any time, the percentage which such Bank s Commitment at such time constitutes of all the Commitments at such time or, at any time after the Commitments shall have expired or terminated, the percentage which the aggregate principal amount of such Bank s Extensions of Credit then outstanding constitutes of the aggregate principal amount of the Total Extensions of Credit then outstanding; collectively, as to all the Banks, the Commitment Percentages provided that when a Defaulting Bank shall exist, Commitment Percentage shall mean, when appropriate as determined by the Administrative Agent in order to provide ratable treatment at any time a Defaulting Bank exists (and without increasing the Commitment of any Bank), the percentage of the total Commitments (disregarding any Defaulting Bank s Commitment) represented by such Bank s Commitment. Commitment Period : as to any Bank at any time, the period from and including the Closing Date to but not including the Termination Date of such Bank or such earlier date on which the Commitments shall terminate as provided herein. Committed Extensions of Credit : as to any Bank at any time, the amount equal to the sum of the Dollar Equivalent of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Committed Rate Loans held by such Bank then outstanding and (b) such Bank s Commitment Percentage multiplied by the L/C Obligations then outstanding. Committed Rate Loans : each loan made pursuant to subsection 2.1. Commonly Controlled Entity : in relation to a Borrower, an entity, whether or not incorporated, which is under common control with such Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code. Company : as defined in the preamble hereto. Consolidated Capital Base : at a particular time for the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries, the sum of (a) the amount shown opposite the item Total Stockholders Equity on the consolidated balance sheet of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries plus (b) all indebtedness of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries for borrowed money subordinated (on terms no less favorable to the Administrative Agent and the Banks than the terms of subordination set forth on Schedule I) to the indebtedness which may be incurred hereunder by the Capital Corporation, provided that the sum of clauses (a) and (b) hereof as at the end of a fiscal quarter of 

10 

the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of a fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) shall be determined by reference to the publicly available consolidated balance sheet of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter and after such adjustments, if any, as may be required so that the sum of the amounts referred to in clauses (a) and (b) is determined in accordance with GAAP. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with subsection 7.2, adjustments resulting from any accumulated other comprehensive income as reflected on the most recent publicly available consolidated balance sheet of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of any fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of any fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) shall be deemed not to be included in Consolidated Capital Base. Consolidated Net Worth : as defined in subsection 6.2(b)(ii). Consolidated Senior Debt : at a particular time for the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries, indebtedness for borrowed money other than any indebtedness for borrowed money that is subordinated, on terms no less favorable to the Administrative Agent and the Banks than the terms of subordination set forth on Schedule I, to the indebtedness which may be incurred hereunder by the Capital Corporation, provided that the amount of such indebtedness for borrowed money (other than such subordinated indebtedness) as at the end of a fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of a fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) shall be determined by reference to the publicly available consolidated balance sheet of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter and after such adjustments, if any, as may be required so that such amount is determined in accordance with GAAP. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with subsection 7.2, indebtedness for borrowed money in respect of any Securitization Indebtedness shall be deemed not included in Consolidated Senior Debt. Contractual Obligation : as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. Corresponding Tenor : with respect to any Available Tenor, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. Credit Rating : as of any date, (a) as to any Person, the rating assigned to the relevant long term senior unsecured (and non-credit enhanced) Debt obligations of such Person by Moody s, S P or Fitch, in each case as of the close of business on such date and (b) if no rating for such Debt described in clause (a) is available, the corporate credit rating of such Person as announced by Moody s, S P or Fitch, in each case as of the close of business on such date. Currency : any Dollars and any Foreign Currency. Daily Simple SOFR : for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for business loans; provided that, if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 

11 

Daily Simple SONIA : for any day (a SONIA Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to (a) SONIA for the day that is five SONIA Business Days (such fifth SONIA Business Day determined pursuant to each of subclauses (i) and (ii), the SONIA Lookback Day prior to (i) if such SONIA Interest Day is a SONIA Business Day, such SONIA Interest Day or (ii) if such SONIA Interest Day is not a SONIA Business Day, the SONIA Business Day immediately preceding such SONIA Interest Day or (b) if SONIA is not available for the SONIA Lookback Day determined pursuant to clause (a) above, by 5:00 p.m., London time on any day of determination of Daily Simple SONIA, then Daily Simple SONIA for such day will be SONIA as published in respect of the first preceding SONIA Business Day prior to the SONIA Lookback Day for which SONIA was published on the SONIA Administrator s Website; provided that Daily Simple SONIA determined pursuant to this clause (b) shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SONIA for no more than three consecutive SONIA Interest Days and thereafter subsection 2.11(a) shall govern. Any change in Daily Simple SONIA due to a change in SONIA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SONIA without notice to the Borrower. Deal Year : as defined in subsection 2.16(c). Debt : as defined in subsection 6.2. Default : any of the events specified in Section 8, whether or not any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, or any other condition, event or act has been satisfied. Defaulting Bank : any Bank that has (a) failed to fund any portion of its Loans or participations in Letters of Credit within two Business Days of the date required to be funded by it hereunder, unless such Bank has notified the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that such failure is the result of such Bank s good faith determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding has not been satisfied; (b) notified the Company, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Bank in writing that it does not intend to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit; (c) failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent, to confirm that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit; provided that such Bank shall cease to be a Defaulting Bank pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower; (d) otherwise failed to pay over to the Administrative Agent or any other Bank any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within three Business Days of the date when due, unless the subject of a good faith dispute; or (e) (i) become or is insolvent or has a parent company that has become or is insolvent, (ii) become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee or custodian appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or has a parent company that has become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee or custodian appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or (iii) become or has a parent company that has become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Bank shall not be a Defaulting Bank solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Bank or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Bank with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Bank (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Bank. If any Bank shall become a Defaulting Bank, the Company shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon 

12 

giving written notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, notwithstanding subsection 2.12(b), to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable to such Bank pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee or other amount payable to such Bank hereunder and/or, upon giving not less than three Business Days notice to such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank. Upon any such cancellation of the Commitment of a Defaulting Bank, participating interests in Letters of Credit shall be reallocated ratably among the remaining Banks in accordance with subsection 2.23(d). Designated Person : a Person (i) listed in the annex to, or otherwise the subject of the provisions of, any Executive Order; (ii) named as a Specially Designated National and Blocked Person on the most current list published by OFAC at its official website or any replacement website or other replacement official publication of such list (each, an SDN ), or is otherwise the subject of any Sanctions Laws and Regulations; or (iii) in which an SDN has a controlling interest of 50 or greater ownership interest. Dividing Person : as defined in the definition of Division. Division : the statutory division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement) pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. Division Successor : any person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or substantially all of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. Documentation Agent : as defined in the preamble hereto. Dollar Equivalent : at any time as to any amount denominated in a Foreign Currency, the equivalent amount in Dollars as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent at such time on the basis of the Exchange Rate for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency on (a) in the case of a determination made pursuant to subsection 2.11(g), the date of such conversion and (b) in the case of any other determination, the most recent Calculation Date for such Foreign Currency. Dollar Loan : any Committed Rate Loan denominated in Dollars. Dollars and : dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America. Domestic Bank : any Bank organized under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia. Early Opt-in Election : (a) in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, the occurrence of: 

13 

(1) a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Company to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Company to trigger a fallback from the Eurocurrency Rate for Loans denominated in Dollars and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Banks; and (b) in the case of Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency, the occurrence of: (1) (i) a determination by the Administrative Agent or the Company (as notified to the Administrative Agent) or (ii) a notification by the Majority Banks to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Borrowers) that the Majority Banks have determined that at least five currently outstanding syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Foreign Currency at such time contain (as a result of an amendment or as originally executed) a new benchmark interest rate to replace the Relevant Rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review); and (2) (i) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Company or (ii) the election by the Majority Banks to declare that an Early Opt-in Election has occurred with respect to Loans denominated in such applicable Foreign Currency and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Borrowers and the Banks, by the Company of written notice of such election to the Administrative Agent or by the Majority Banks of written notice of such election to the Administrative Agent . EEA Financial Institution : (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country : any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority : any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Electronic Signature : an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. EMU : the Economic and Monetary Union as contemplated in the Treaty. Equipment Operations : those business segments of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries that are primarily engaged in the manufacture and distribution of equipment, parts and related attachments. 

14 

Equipment Operations Debt : at a particular time, the sum of short-term and long-term indebtedness for borrowed money that is or would be shown on a balance sheet of Equipment Operations (with Financial Services reflected only on an equity basis), which balance sheet was or would be prepared on the basis of the most recent publicly available consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of any fiscal year of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries). ERISA : the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule : the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. Euro : the single currency of Participating Member States of the EMU introduced in accordance with the provisions of Article 123 of the Treaty and, in respect of all payments to be made under this Agreement in Euro, means immediately available, freely transferable funds in such currency. Eurocurrency Loans : Committed Rate Loans at such time as they are made and/or being maintained at a rate of interest based upon a Eurocurrency Rate. Eurocurrency Rate : (a) with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan and for each Index Rate Bid Loan, denominated in Dollars or any relevant Foreign Currency, other than Canadian Dollars, Australian Dollars, New Zealand Dollars and , Euros and Pounds Sterling , the London interbank offered rate as administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for such Currency for a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on page LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters Screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrowers; in each case, the LIBOR Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 A.M., Local Time, two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period (or, in the case of any Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, on the first day of such Interest Period) ; provided that, if the LIBOR Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (a LIBOR Impacted Interest Period with respect to the relevant Currency, then the Eurocurrency Rate shall be the LIBOR Interpolated Rate at such time. LIBOR Interpolated Rate means, at any time, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the LIBOR Screen Rate for the longest period (for which that LIBOR Screen Rate is available in the relevant Currency) that is shorter than the LIBOR Impacted Interest Period and (b) the LIBOR Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which that LIBOR Screen Rate is available for the relevant Currency) that exceeds the LIBOR Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time. (b) with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the average rate for bankers acceptances as administered by Thomson Reuters Benchmark Services Limited (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on page CDOR of the Reuters Screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen or service that displays such rate, or other appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected from time to time by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrowers; in each case, the CDOR Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 A.M., Local Time, on the first day of such Interest Period (or such other day as is 

15 

generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent); provided , that, if the CDOR Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (a CDOR Impacted Interest Period with respect to Canadian Dollars, then the Eurocurrency Rate for Canadian Dollars shall be the CDOR Interpolated Rate at such time. CDOR Interpolated Rate means, at any time, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the CDOR Screen Rate for the longest period (for which that CDOR Screen Rate is available in Canadian Dollars) that is shorter than the CDOR Impacted Interest Period and (b) the CDOR Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which that CDOR Screen Rate is available for Canadian Dollars) that exceeds the CDOR Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time. (c) with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Australian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the average bid reference rate as administered by the Australian Financial Markets Association (or any other Person that takes over the administration of that rate) for Australian Dollar bills of exchange with a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period (or as close to such Interest Period as possible), displayed on page BBSY of the Reuters Screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen or service that displays such rate, or other appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected from time to time by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrowers; in each case, the BBSY Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 A.M., Local Time, two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent); provided , that, if the BBSY Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period, the Administrative Agent may substitute for such rate with an alternative published interest rate reasonably acceptable to the applicable Borrower (or other rate basis agreed by the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent, including interpolation in a manner consistent with paragraphs (a) and (b) above). (d) with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in New Zealand Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the average bid reference rate as administered by the New Zealand Financial Markets Association (or any other Person that takes over the administration of that rate) for New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange with a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period (or as close to such Interest Period as possible), displayed on page BKBM of the Reuters Screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen or service that displays such rate, or other appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected from time to time by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrowers; in each case, the BKBM Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 A.M., Local Time, on the first day of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent); provided , that, if the BKBM Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period, the Administrative Agent may substitute such rate with an alternative published interest rate reasonably acceptable to the applicable Borrower (or other rate basis agreed by the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent, including interpolation in a manner consistent with paragraphs (a) and (b) above). (e) with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on page on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen or service that displays such rate, or other appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected from time to time by the Administrative Agent in consultation 

16 

with the Borrowers; in each case, the EURIBOR Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m., Local Time, two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period; provided , that, if the EURIBOR Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period, the Administrative Agent may substitute such rate with an alternative published interest rate reasonably acceptable to the applicable Borrower (or other rate basis agreed by the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent, including interpolation in a manner consistent with paragraphs (a) and (b) above). Notwithstanding the above, in no event shall the Eurocurrency Rate be less than zero. Event of Default : any of the events specified in Section 8, provided that any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, or any other condition, event or act has been satisfied. Exchange Rate : on any day, the rate at which the starting Currency may be exchanged into the other relevant Currency, as set forth at approximately 10:00 A.M., Local Time, on such date on the Reuters World Spots page for such starting Currency. In the event that such rate does not appear on any Reuters World Spots page, the Exchange Rate shall be determined by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent. Existing Credit Agreement : as defined in subsection 4.1(e). Existing Letters of Credit : the letters of credit issued under the Existing Credit Agreement and outstanding on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule III. Exposure : (a) with respect to an Objecting Bank at any time, the aggregate amount of such Bank s Extensions of Credit then outstanding and (b) with respect to any other Bank at any time, the Commitment of such Bank then in effect or, if the Commitments have been terminated, the amount of such Bank s Extensions of Credit then outstanding. Extension Request : each request by the Borrowers made pursuant to subsection 2.16 for the Banks to extend this Agreement, which shall contain the information in respect of such extension specified in Exhibit I and shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent in writing. Extensions of Credit : as to any Bank at any time, the amount equal to the sum of the Dollar Equivalent of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Loans held by such Bank then outstanding and (b) such Bank s Commitment Percentage multiplied by the L/C Obligations then outstanding. FATCA : Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (and any comparable successor provisions), any effective regulations published thereunder or official interpretations thereof issued by any Governmental Authority charged with the administration thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any applicable intergovernmental agreements with respect thereto, and any treaty, law, regulations, or other official guidance enacted in any other jurisdiction relating to such intergovernmental agreement. Federal Funds Effective Rate : on any particular date, the rate set forth for such date or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day, opposite the caption Federal Funds (Effective) in the weekly statistical release designated as H.15(519) (or any successor publication) published by the Board or, if such rate is not so published for such date, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds dealers of recognized standing selected by it; provided that in no event shall the Federal Funds Effective Rate be less than zero. 

17 

Federal Reserve Board : the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. Financial Services : the businesses of the Company (including the credit businesses) that are not primarily engaged in Equipment Operations. First Amendment : the First Amendment to this Agreement, dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date. First Amendment Effective Date : October 26, 2021. Fitch : Fitch Ratings Inc. Fixed Charges : for any particular period for the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries, all of the Capital Corporation s and its consolidated Subsidiaries consolidated interest on indebtedness for borrowed money, amortization of discounts of indebtedness for borrowed money, the portion of rentals under financing leases deemed to represent interest and rentals under operating leases; provided , that, notwithstanding the foregoing, consolidated interest on Securitization Indebtedness and amortization of Securitization Indebtedness shall be deemed not included in Fixed Charges; provided , further , that such amounts (but not any amounts constituting consolidated interest on, or amortization of, Securitization Indebtedness) for a fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of a fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) shall be determined by reference to the publicly available consolidated statement of income of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries for or covering such fiscal quarter and after such adjustments, if any, as may be required so that such amounts are determined in accordance with GAAP. Floor the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Eurocurrency Rate , Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA or the Central Bank Rate, as applicable . Foreign Bank : any Bank that is not a Domestic Bank. Foreign Currency : (a) Euros, Pounds Sterling, Australian Dollars and Canadian Dollars, (b) upon the earlier of (i) confirmation by Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch to the Administrative Agent that it (or a branch or affiliate thereof) can fund in New Zealand Dollars and (ii) Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch ceasing to be a Bank hereunder, New Zealand Dollars and (c) as agreed by the Administrative Agent, any other Currency which is freely traded and convertible into Dollars in the London interbank market and for which the Dollar Equivalent thereof can be calculated from time to time. Foreign Currency Agent : J.P. Morgan AG, or any successor appointed pursuant to this Agreement. Foreign Currency Equivalent : at the time of determination or conversion thereof, as applicable, as to any amount denominated or expressed in Dollars, the equivalent amount in the applicable Foreign Currency as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent at such time on the basis of the Exchange Rate for the purchase of such Foreign Currency with Dollars on such date. Foreign Currency Loan : each Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency. 

18 

GAAP : generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as applied in the preparation of financial statements of the Company or the Capital Corporation, respectively, as of the fiscal year ended November 1, 2020, except with respect to capital lease obligations, in which case the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as applied in the preparation of financial statements of the Company or the Capital Corporation, respectively, as of January 1, 2015 shall apply. Governmental Authority : any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government. Hedging Transaction : any swap transaction, interest rate protection agreement (including any interest rate swap, interest cap or collar or any other interest rate hedging device entered into by the Capital Corporation or one or more of its Subsidiaries), option agreement, short or long position in equity or debt instruments, commodities, futures and forward transactions, outperformance agreement or other similar transaction, agreement or arrangement entered into by the Capital Corporation or one or more of its Subsidiaries. IBA : has the meaning assigned to such term in subsection 1.4. Important Property : (a) any manufacturing plant, including land, all buildings and other improvements thereon, and all manufacturing machinery and equipment located therein, owned and used by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary primarily for the manufacture of products to be sold by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, (b) the executive office and administrative building of the Company in Moline, Illinois, and (c) research and development facilities, including land and buildings and other improvements thereon and research and development machinery and equipment located therein, in each case, owned and used by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; except in any case property of which the aggregate fair value as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company does not at the time exceed 1 of Consolidated Net Worth. Increasing Bank : as defined in subsection 2.20(c). Indemnified Person : as defined in subsection 10.4(b). Indemnified Taxes : as defined in subsection 2.17(a). Index Debt : any senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced long-term debt issued by the Company. Index Rate Bid Loan : any Bid Loan made at an interest rate based upon the Applicable Index Rate. Index Rate Bid Loan Request : any Bid Loan Request requesting the Banks to offer to make Index Rate Bid Loans at an interest rate equal to the Applicable Index Rate plus (or minus a margin. Interest Payment Date : (a) as to any ABR Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing on the first of such days to occur after such ABR Loan is made or a Eurocurrency Loan is converted to an ABR Loan, (b) as to any Eurocurrency Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable thereto, provided that as to any Eurocurrency Loan in respect of which a Borrower has selected an Interest Period of greater than three months, interest shall also be paid on the 

19 

day which is three months after the beginning of such Interest Period and , (c) as to any SONIA Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing Date of such Loan (or if there is no numerically corresponding day in such later month, then the last day of such month) and (d) the Termination Date. Interest Period : (a) with respect to any Eurocurrency Loan, the period commencing on the Borrowing Date, the date any ABR Loan is converted to a Eurocurrency Loan or the date any Eurocurrency Loan is continued as a Eurocurrency Loan, as the case may be, with respect to such Eurocurrency Loan and ending one, two (so long as a two-month Interest Period is published and available), three or six months thereafter in the case of any Eurocurrency Loan denominated in any Currency other than Canadian Dollars (or, with the consent of all relevant Banks, twelve months thereafter, or a period of less than one month thereafter if all relevant Banks consent to such period), or thirty, sixty, or ninety days thereafter in the case of any Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, as selected by a Borrower in its notice of borrowing, conversion or continuance as provided in subsection 2.1(c) or 2.9; (b) with respect to any Bid Loan, the period commencing on the Borrowing Date with respect to such Bid Loan and ending on the date not less than seven days nor more than six months thereafter, as specified by a Borrower in its Bid Loan Request as provided in subsection 2.2(b); and (c) with respect to any Negotiated Rate Loan, the period or periods commencing on the Borrowing Date with respect to such Negotiated Rate Loan or the last day of any Interest Period with respect thereto and ending on the dates as shall be mutually agreed upon between the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank; provided , that all of the foregoing provisions relating to Interest Periods are subject to the following: (i) if any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan or an Index Rate Bid Loan would otherwise end on a day which is not a Working Day, that Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Working Day unless the result of such extension would be to carry such Interest Period into another calendar month in which event such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Working Day; 
 (ii) if any Interest Period pertaining to a Negotiated Rate Loan or an Absolute Rate Bid Loan would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day, that Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day; 
 (iii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan having an Interest Period of one, two (so long as a two-month Interest Period is published and available), three or six months or an Index Rate Bid Loan having an Interest Period of one, two, three, four, five or six months, that begins on the last Working Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Working Day of a calendar month; 
 (iv) Interest Periods shall be deemed available only if the Required Banks shall not have advised the Administrative Agent that the Eurocurrency Rate determined by the Administrative Agent on the basis of the applicable quotes will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Banks of maintaining or funding their Committed Rate Loans bearing interest based on the Eurocurrency Rate determined for such Interest Period. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrowers and each Bank promptly after having been advised by the Required Banks that a Eurocurrency Rate will not so 

20 

adequately and fairly reflect such Banks costs as aforesaid. If a requested Interest Period shall be unavailable in accordance with the foregoing sentence, the proposed Borrower may (A) in accordance with the provisions (including any requirements for notification) of subsection 2.1 request, at its option, that the requested Committed Rate Loans denominated in Dollars be made or maintained as ABR Loans or (B) withdraw the request for such Committed Rate Loans for which the Interest Period was unavailable by giving notice of such election to the Administrative Agent in accordance with subsection 2.11; provided , that if the Administrative Agent does not receive any notice hereunder with respect to requested Committed Rate Loans denominated in Dollars, such Borrower shall be deemed to have requested ABR Loans; 
 (v) with respect to Loans made by an Objecting Bank, no Interest Periods with respect to such Loans shall end after such Objecting Bank s Commitment Expiration Date; and 
 (vi) no Interest Period shall end after the Termination Date. 
 
 IRS : as defined in subsection 2.17(c). ISDA Definitions : the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. ISP : with respect to any standby Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). Issuing Bank : any Bank that a Borrower may select from time to time that is willing to act as issuer of Letters of Credit, in its capacity as issuer of any Letter of Credit. Issuing Bank L/C Commitment : 0. JD Luxembourg : as defined in the preamble hereto. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. : JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national association. Judgment Currency : as defined in subsection 2.24. L/C Commitment : 0. L/C Obligations : at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of the then outstanding Letters of Credit and (b) the aggregate amount of drawings under Letters of Credit that have not then been reimbursed pursuant to subsection 2.26(e). For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. L/C Participants : the collective reference to all the Banks (other than, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank in its capacity as Issuing Bank) or any of them. 

21 

Letter of Credit Fee : the rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin for Eurocurrency Loans set forth in the term Applicable Margin corresponding to the Prevailing Rating of the Company as of such date of determination on the face amount of each Letter of Credit. Letters of Credit : as defined in subsection 2.26(a). Level : Level I Rating, Level II Rating, Level III Rating, Level IV Rating or Level V Rating, as the context shall require. Level I Rating : as of any date, such Level shall apply if the Company s assigned Credit Rating as of such date is Aa3 or higher by Moody s, AA- or higher by S P and AA- or higher by Fitch. Level II Rating : as of any date, such Level shall apply if the Company s assigned Credit Rating as of such date is A1 by Moody s, A+ by S P and A+ by Fitch. Level III Rating : as of any date, such Level shall apply if the Company s assigned Credit Rating as of such date is A2 by Moody s, A by S P and A by Fitch. Level IV Rating : as of any date, such Level shall apply if the Company s assigned Credit Rating as of such date is A3 by Moody s, A- by S P and A- by Fitch. Level V Rating : as of any date, such Level shall apply if the Company s assigned Credit Rating as of such date is below A3 by Moody s, below A- by S P and below A- by Fitch. LIBOR Screen Rate : as defined in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate. Loan Account : as defined in subsection 2.3; collectively, the Loan Accounts . Loan Assignees : as defined in subsection 10.5(c). Loan Assignment : an Assignment and Assumption, substantially in the form of Exhibit E. Loan Documents : this Agreement, including schedules and exhibits hereto, and the Notes. Loans : the collective reference to the Committed Rate Loans, the Bid Loans and the Negotiated Rate Loans. Local Time : (a) in the case of Foreign Currency Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, Toronto, Ontario time, (b) in the case of Foreign Currency Loans denominated in Australian Dollars, Sydney, Australia time, (c) in the case of Foreign Currency Loans denominated in New Zealand Dollars, Wellington, New Zealand time, (d) in the case of Foreign Currency Loans denominated in Euros, Brussels time, (e) in the case of all other Foreign Currency Loans, London time and (f) in all other cases, New York time. Losses : as defined in subsection 10.4(b). Luxembourg Obligations : the collective reference to the unpaid principal of and interest on the Loans made to JD Luxembourg and all other obligations and liabilities of JD Luxembourg (including, without limitation, interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided herein after the 

22 

maturity of such Loans and interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided herein after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to JD Luxembourg, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding) to the Administrative Agent or any Bank, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which may arise under, out of, or in connection with, this Agreement or any other document made, delivered or given in connection with any of the foregoing, in each case whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses or otherwise (including, without limitation, all fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent or to the Banks that are required to be paid by JD Luxembourg pursuant to the terms of any of the foregoing agreements). Majority Banks : at any particular time, Banks having Commitment Percentages aggregating more than fifty percent; provided that (a) at any time after the termination of all the Commitments, Majority Banks shall mean Banks holding Extensions of Credit aggregating more than fifty percent in principal amount of the Total Extensions of Credit and (b) at any time after the Commitment Expiration Date with respect to any Objecting Bank (but prior to the termination of all the Commitments), Majority Banks shall mean Banks whose Exposure aggregates more than fifty percent of the aggregate Exposure of all the Banks. Margin Stock : as defined in Regulation U of the Board. Moody s : Moody s Investor Service, Inc. Mortgage : as defined in subsection 6.2. Negotiated Rate Loan : each Loan made to the Company or the Capital Corporation by a Bank pursuant to a Negotiated Rate Loan Request in such principal amount, for such number of Interest Periods (subject to the proviso to the definition of Interest Period in this subsection 1.1) and having such interest rate(s) and repayment terms as shall, in each case, be mutually agreed upon between such Borrower and such Bank. Negotiated Rate Loan Request : each request by the Company or the Capital Corporation for a Bank to make Negotiated Rate Loans, which shall be delivered to such Bank in writing, by facsimile transmission, or by telephone, immediately confirmed in writing, and which shall specify the amount to be borrowed and the proposed Borrowing Date. Net Earnings Available for Fixed Charges : for any particular period for the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries, the sum of (i) consolidated net earnings of the Capital Corporation and such Subsidiaries for such period without deduction of Fixed Charges and without deduction of federal, state or other income taxes, provided that such net earnings for a fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of a fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) shall be determined by reference to the publicly available statement of income of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries for or covering such fiscal quarter and after such adjustments, if any, as may be required so that such net earnings are determined in accordance with GAAP, except that earned investment tax credits may be included as revenue in the consolidated income statement of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries, rather than as an offset against the provision for income taxes and (ii) Support Payments received by the Capital Corporation in or in respect of such period. New Bank : as defined in subsection 2.20(b). 

23 

New Bank Supplement : as defined in subsection 2.20(b). New Zealand Dollars : the lawful currency of New Zealand. Non-Qualifying Bank : as defined in subsection 2.17(e). Notes : the collective reference to any promissory note evidencing Loans. NYFRB : the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. NYFRB Rate : for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further , that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. Objecting Banks : as defined in subsection 2.16(a). Offered Increase Amount : as defined in subsection 2.20(a). Overnight Bank Funding Rate : for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurodollar borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. Overnight Rate : for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the Federal Funds Effective Rate, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in a Foreign Currency, at a rate reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be the cost to it of funding such amounts. Participant Register : as defined in subsection 10.5(b). Participants : as defined in subsection 10.5(b). Participating Member State : any member state of the European Community that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union. Payment : as defined in subsection 9.4(b). Payment Notice : as defined in subsection 9.4(b). Person : an individual, partnership, corporation, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature, provided that for purposes of subsection 8(h), Person shall also include two or more entities acting as a syndicate or any other group for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of securities of the Company. Plan : any pension plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA and in respect of which either Borrower or a Commonly Controlled Entity is an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 

24 

Pounds or or Pounds Sterling : the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. Prevailing Rating : at any date of determination, the Level then applicable; provided that for purposes of determining the applicable Level when the assigned Credit Ratings of the Company by all three Ratings Agencies do not fall within the same Level: (i) if the Credit Ratings of the Company assigned by S P and Moody s fall within the same Level, the Prevailing Rating shall be such Level, (ii) if the Credit Ratings of the Company assigned by S P and Moody s do not fall within the same Level and the ratings differential is one Level, the Prevailing Rating shall be determined solely by reference to the higher of (x) the Credit Rating of the Company assigned by S P and (y) the Credit Rating of the Company assigned by Moody s and (iii) if the Credit Ratings of the Company assigned by S P and Moody s do not fall within the same Level and the ratings differential is more than one Level, the Prevailing Rating shall be the Level one notch lower than the Level determined solely by reference to the higher of (x) the Credit Rating of the Company assigned by S P and (y) the Credit Rating of the Company assigned by Moody s. Prime Rate : the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. Purchasing Banks : as defined in subsection 10.5(d). Ratings Agencies : S P, Moody s and Fitch. Re-Allocation Date : as defined in subsection 2.20(e). Reference Time : with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Eurocurrency Rate with respect to Loans denominated in Dollars or Pounds Sterling , 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London banking days preceding the date of such setting , and (2) if such Benchmark is SONIA, then four SONIA Business Days prior to such setting and (3) otherwise, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. Register : as defined in subsection 10.5(e). Reimbursement Obligation : the obligation of the Company or the Capital Corporation to reimburse an Issuing Bank pursuant to subsection 2.26(e) for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit issued for its account. Relevant Governmental Body : (a) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto and , (b with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto and (c with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency (other than Pounds Sterling) , (i) the central bank for the Foreign Currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (ii) any working group or committee officially 

25 

endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the Foreign Currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof . Relevant Rate : with respect to (i) any Eurocurrency Loan denominated in any Currency, the Eurocurrency Rate applicable thereto and (ii) any Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA . Report Period : as defined in subsection 2.18. Reportable Event : any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations thereunder. Required Banks : at a particular time, Banks having Commitment Percentages aggregating at least 66-2/3 ; provided that (a) at any time after the termination of all the Commitments, Required Banks means Banks holding Extensions of Credit aggregating at least 66-2/3 in principal amount of the Total Extensions of Credit and (b) at any time after the Commitment Expiration Date with respect to any Objecting Bank (but prior to the termination of all the Commitments), Required Banks means Banks whose Exposure aggregates at least 66-2/3 of the aggregate Exposure of all the Banks. Requirement of Law : as to any Person, the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation, or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Reserves : as defined in subsection 2.13(c). Resolution Authority : an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Responsible Officer : of a Borrower, the Chairman, the President, any Executive, Senior or other Vice President, the Treasurer, any Assistant Secretary and any Assistant Treasurer of such Borrower. Restricted Margin Stock : any Margin Stock, the sale, pledge or other disposition of which by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is in any way restricted by an arrangement with any Bank or any affiliate thereof to the extent that the value thereof (determined in accordance with Regulation U of the Board) does not exceed 25 of the value (determined in accordance with such Regulation U) of all the assets subject to such restriction. Restricted Subsidiary : any Subsidiary of the Company incorporated in the United States of America or Canada (a) which is engaged in, or whose principal assets consist of property used by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in, the manufacture of products within the United States of America or Canada or in the sale of products principally to customers located in the United States of America or Canada except any corporation which is a retail dealer in which the Company has, directly or indirectly, an investment, or (b) which the Company shall designate as a Restricted Subsidiary in an officers certificate signed by two Responsible Officers of the Company and delivered to the Administrative Agent. S P : Standard and Poor s Financial Services LLC. 

26 

Sale and Lease-back Transaction : as defined in subsection 6.3. Sanctions Laws and Regulations : (i) any sanctions, prohibitions or requirements imposed by any executive order (an Executive Order or by any sanctions program administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), the U.S. State Department Directorate of Defense Trade Controls or the U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security; and (ii) any sanctions measures imposed by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or the United Kingdom. Screen Rate : the LIBOR Screen Rate, the CDOR Screen Rate, the EURIBOR Screen Rate, the BBSY Screen Rate and/or the BKBM Screen Rate, as applicable. Securitization Indebtedness : the aggregate outstanding indebtedness for borrowed money, owner trust certificates (however classified) or credit enhancements incurred in connection with transactions involving (i) the sale, transfer or other disposition of receivables or leases (retail or wholesale) by the Capital Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) the issuance of commercial paper, medium term notes or any other form of financing by any structured bankruptcy-remote Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation or any related conduit lender (such transactions, Securitizations ), provided , that the aggregate outstanding credit enhancements in the form of cash or letter(s) of credit provided by the Capital Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any structured bankruptcy-remote Subsidiary) in excess of 10 of the aggregate outstanding indebtedness for borrowed money and owner trust certificates (however classified) incurred in connection with such Securitizations shall not be deemed for the purposes of this Agreement to be Securitization Indebtedness, but shall be deemed for purposes of subsection 7.2 to be Consolidated Senior Debt. Significant Subsidiary : of a Borrower, any Subsidiary of such Borrower the assets, revenues or net worth of which is, at the time of determination, equal to or greater than ten percent of the assets, revenues or net worth, respectively, of such Borrower at such time. SOFR : with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website at approximately 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding Business Day. SOFR Administrator : the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Administrator s Website : the NYFRB s website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. SONIA : with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. SONIA Administrator : the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 

27 

SONIA Administrator s Website : the Bank of England s website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. SONIA Borrowing : as to any borrowing, the SONIA Loans comprising such borrowing. SONIA Business Day : for any Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London. SONIA Interest Day : has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SONIA . SONIA Loan : a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA. SONIA Lookback Day : has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SONIA . Subsidiary : of a Person, a corporation or other entity of which securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than securities or other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other Persons performing similar functions are at the time directly or indirectly owned by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or by such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person. Support Payments : payments from the Company to the Capital Corporation made pursuant to that certain Support Agreement, dated as October 15, 1996, by and between the Company and the Capital Corporation, as amended by the First Amended Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2003, between the Company and the Capital Corporation. Syndication Agent : as defined in the preamble hereto. Termination Date : March 29, 2025 or such later date as shall be determined pursuant to the provisions of subsection 2.16 with respect to non-Objecting Banks. Term SOFR : for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. Term SOFR Notice : a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Banks and the Borrowers of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. Term SOFR Transition Event : the determination by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with subsection 2.11 that is not Term SOFR. Total Commitments : at any time, the aggregate amount of the Commitments then in effect. 

28 

Total Extensions of Credit : at any time, the aggregate amount of the Extensions of Credit of the Banks outstanding at such time. Total Stockholders Equity : at a particular time, the total stockholders equity, exclusive of adjustments resulting from any accumulated other comprehensive income of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of any fiscal quarter (including the last quarter of any fiscal year) as determined in accordance with GAAP. Transferees : as defined in subsection 10.5(g). Transfer Effective Date : the effective date of an assignment of Loans or Commitments under a Loan Assignment. Treaty : the Treaty establishing the European Economic Community, being the Treaty of Rome of March 25, 1957, as amended by the Single European Act 1987, the Maastricht Treaty (which was signed at Maastricht on February 7, 1992 and came into force on November 1, 1993), the Amsterdam Treaty (which was signed at Amsterdam on October 2, 1997 and came into force on May 1, 1999) and the Nice Treaty (which was signed on February 26, 2001), each as amended from time to time and as referred to in legislative measures of the European Union for the introduction of, changeover to or operating of the Euro in one or more member states. Type : as to any Committed Rate Loan, its nature as an ABR Loan , SONIA Loan , or Eurocurrency Loan. UCP : with respect to any commercial Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits (2007 Revision), International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance and subject to which such Letter of Credit was issued). UK Financial Institution : any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any Person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority : the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement : the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. Withholding Agent : any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be. Working Day : any Business Day on which dealings in foreign currencies and exchange between banks may be carried on in London, England and New York, New York. Write-Down and Conversion Powers : (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, 

29 

any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that Person or any other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions . (a) All terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto. 
 (b) As used herein and in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto, accounting terms relating to any Borrower and its Subsidiaries not defined in subsection 1.1, and accounting terms partly defined in subsection 1.1 to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP. 
 (c) The words hereof , herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section, subsection, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 
 (d) Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries in this Agreement shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the relevant Borrower. 
 1.3 Currency Conversion . 
 (a) If more than one currency or currency unit are at the same time recognized by the central bank of any country as the lawful currency of that country, then (i) any reference in the Agreement to, and any obligations arising under the Agreement in, the general currency of that country (as opposed to a reference to a specific country) shall be translated into or paid in the currency or currency unit of that country designated by the Administrative Agent (with the Borrowers consent, which shall not unreasonably be withheld) and (ii) any such translation from one currency or currency unit to another of any country shall be at the official rate of exchange recognized by the central bank for conversion of that currency or currency unit into the other, rounded up or down, as applicable, at least to the fifth decimal place. 
 (b) If a change in any currency of a country occurs, this Agreement shall be amended (and each party hereto agrees to enter into any supplemental agreement necessary to effect any such amendment) to the extent that the Administrative Agent determines (with the Borrowers consent, which shall not unreasonably be withheld) such amendment to be necessary to reflect the change in currency and to put the Bank in the same position, so far as possible, that they would have been in if no change in currency had occurred. 
 1.4 Interest Rates; LIBOR Notification . The interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars and certain Foreign Currencies may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Regulators have signaled the need to use alternative benchmark reference rates for some of these interest rate benchmarks and, as a result, such interest rate benchmarks may cease to comply with applicable laws and regulations, may be permanently discontinued, and/or the basis on which they are calculated may change. The London interbank offered rate is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. In July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that, after the end of 2021, it would no longer persuade or compel contributing 

30 

banks to make rate submissions to the ICE Benchmark Administration (together with any successor to the ICE Benchmark Administrator, the IBA for purposes of the IBA setting the London interbank offered rate. As a result, it is possible that commencing in 2022, the London interbank offered rate may no longer be available or may no longer be deemed an appropriate reference rate upon which to determine the interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans. In light of this eventuality, public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of the London interbank offered rate. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-In Election with respect to any applicable Currency, subsection 2.11(b) and (c) provide a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower, pursuant to subsection 2.11(e), of any change to the reference rate upon which the interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans is based. However, the Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to Daily Simple SONIA, the London interbank offered rate or other rates in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including, without limitation, (i) any such alternative, successor or replacement rate implemented pursuant to subsection 2.11(b) or (c), whether upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to subsection 2.11(d)), including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate for any Currency will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA, the Eurocurrency Rate or applicable Screen Rate for Loans denominated in such Currency or have the same volume or liquidity as did the London interbank offered rate (or the euro interbank offered rate, as applicable) prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA, any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain SONIA or Daily Simple SONIA, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrowers, any Bank or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. SECTION 2. THE COMMITTED RATE LOANS; THE BID LOANS; THE NEGOTIATED RATE LOANS; AMOUNT AND TERMS 2.1 The Committed Rate Loans . (a) During the Commitment Period, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Bank severally agrees to make loans (individually, a Committed Rate Loan to each Borrower in Dollars or in any Foreign Currency from time to time; provided that (i) after giving effect thereto, such Bank s Committed Extensions of Credit then outstanding do not exceed the amount of such Bank s Commitment and (ii) the Total Extensions of Credit then outstanding do not exceed the Total Commitments. During the Commitment Period, each Borrower may use the Commitments by borrowing, repaying and reborrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. 
 (b) The Committed Rate Loans may be either (i) Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars or any Foreign Currency (other than Pounds Sterling) , (ii) ABR Loans denominated in Dollars or , (iii SONIA Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling or (iv a combination thereof as determined by the relevant Borrower; provided that the Foreign Currency Loans shall be Eurocurrency Loans or SONIA Loans . 

31 

(c) Each Borrower may borrow Committed Rate Loans on any Working Day, if the borrowing is of Eurocurrency Loans or SONIA Loans , or on any Business Day, if the borrowing is of ABR Loans; provided , however , that a Responsible Officer of such Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice thereof, which notice must be received by the Administrative Agent (i) prior to 12:00 Noon, New York City time, three Working Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars, (ii) prior to 12:00 Noon, Local Time, four Working Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Foreign Currency Loans, (iii) prior to 12:00 Noon, New York City time, on the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of ABR Loans requested by the Company or Capital Corporation, and (iv) prior to 12:00 Noon, London time, on the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of ABR Loans requested by JD Luxembourg. Each such notice shall be given in writing or by facsimile transmission substantially in the form of Exhibit A (with appropriate insertions) or shall be given by telephone (specifying the information set forth in Exhibit A) promptly confirmed by notice given in writing or by facsimile transmission substantially in the form of Exhibit A (with appropriate insertions). On the day of receipt of any such notice from a Borrower, the Administrative Agent (or Foreign Currency Agent) shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. Each Bank will make the amount of its share of each borrowing available to the Administrative Agent in the applicable Currency for the account of such Borrower at the office of the Administrative Agent set forth in subsection 10.2 at 11:00 A.M. (or 2:00 P.M., in the case of ABR Loans requested pursuant to clause (iii) above), Local Time, on the Borrowing Date requested by such Borrower in funds immediately available to the Administrative Agent as the Administrative Agent may direct. The proceeds of all such Committed Rate Loans will be made available promptly to such Borrower by the Administrative Agent at the office of the Administrative Agent specified in subsection 10.2 by crediting the account of such Borrower on the books of such office of the Administrative Agent with the aggregate of the amount made available to the Administrative Agent by the Banks and in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent. 
 (d) All Committed Rate Loans made to a Borrower shall be repaid in full by such Borrower on or before the Termination Date; provided , that Committed Rate Loans made by Objecting Banks shall be repaid as provided in subsection 2.16(b). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Borrower s obligation to repay its Committed Rate Loans and pay the interest accrued thereon is a several obligation. 
 (e) JD Luxembourg appoints the Capital Corporation as its agent to make all borrowing requests on its behalf, to receive the proceeds of Loans and make payments in respect of Loans and otherwise act on behalf of JD Luxembourg under this Agreement. 
 (f) Each Bank may, at its option, make any Loan available to any Borrower by causing any foreign or domestic branch or affiliate of such Bank to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option (i) shall not affect the obligation of such Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (ii) shall not result in any adverse consequences to the Borrowers. 
 2.2 The Bid Loans; the Negotiated Rate Loans . (a) The Company and the Capital Corporation may borrow Bid Loans or Negotiated Rate Loans denominated in Dollars from time to time on any Business Day (in the case of Bid Loans made pursuant to an Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request), any Working Day (in the case of Bid Loans made pursuant to an Index Rate Bid Loan Request) or, in the case of Negotiated Rate Loans, on such days as shall be mutually agreed upon between the relevant Borrower and the applicable Bank, in each case during the Commitment Period and in the manner set forth in this subsection 2.2 and in amounts such that the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of Loans and L/C Obligations at any time outstanding shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments at such time. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Bid Loans and/or Negotiated Rate Loans made by any Bank may at 

32 

any time (but shall not be required to) exceed the Commitment of such Bank so long as the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Loans and L/C Obligations does not at any time exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments. (b) (i) The Company and the Capital Corporation shall request Bid Loans or Negotiated Rate Loans by delivering (A) in the case of an Index Rate Bid Loan, a Bid Loan Request to the Administrative Agent, c/o JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01, Newark, Delaware 19713-2107, United States, Attention: Loan Agency Services Group, Telephone: (302) 634-9770, Facsimile: (302) 634-4733, Email: harmeet.kaur@chase.com, not later than 12:00 Noon (New York City time) four Working Days prior to the proposed Borrowing Date, (B) in the case of an Absolute Rate Bid Loan, a Bid Loan Request to the Administrative Agent at the address set forth in clause (A) of this subsection 2.2(b)(i) not later than 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) one Business Day prior to the proposed Borrowing Date or (C) in the case of a Negotiated Rate Loan, a Negotiated Rate Loan Request to any Bank at such time as the applicable Borrower and the applicable Bank shall agree. Each Bid Loan Request may solicit bids for Bid Loans in an aggregate principal amount of 25,000,000 or an integral multiple of 5,000,000 in excess thereof and for not more than three alternative Interest Periods for such Bid Loans. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bid Loan Bank by facsimile transmission or by telephone, immediately confirmed by facsimile transmission, of the contents of each Bid Loan Request received by it. 
 (ii) In the case of an Index Rate Bid Loan Request, upon receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent of the contents of such Bid Loan Request, any Bid Loan Bank that elects, in its sole discretion, to do so, shall irrevocably offer to make one or more Bid Loans at the Applicable Index Rate plus or minus a margin for each such Bid Loan determined by such Bid Loan Bank, in its sole discretion. Any such irrevocable offer shall be made by delivering a Bid Loan Offer to the Administrative Agent at the address set forth in clause (i)(A) above before 10:30 A.M. (New York City time) three Working Days before the proposed Borrowing Date, setting forth the maximum amount of Bid Loans for each Interest Period, and the aggregate maximum amount for all Interest Periods, which such Bank would be willing to make and the margin above or below the Applicable Index Rate at which such Bid Loan Bank is willing to make each such Bid Loan. The Administrative Agent shall advise the relevant Borrower before 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) three Working Days before the proposed Borrowing Date of the contents of each such Bid Loan Offer received by it. If the Administrative Agent in its capacity as a Bid Loan Bank shall, in its sole discretion, elect to make any such offer, it shall advise such Borrower of the contents of its Bid Loan Offer before 10:15 A.M. (New York City time) three Working Days before the proposed Borrowing Date. 
 (iii) In the case of an Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request, upon receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent of the contents of such Bid Loan Request, any Bid Loan Bank that elects, in its sole discretion, to do so, shall irrevocably offer to make one or more Bid Loans at a rate or rates of interest for each such Bid Loan determined by such Bid Loan Bank in its sole discretion. Any such irrevocable offer shall be made by delivering a Bid Loan Offer to the Administrative Agent at the address set forth in clause (i)(A) of this subsection 2.2(b) before 9:30 A.M. (New York City time) on the proposed Borrowing Date, setting forth the maximum amount of Bid Loans for each Interest Period, and the aggregate maximum amount for all Interest Periods, which such Bid Loan Bank would be willing to make and the rate or rates of interest at which such Bid Loan 

33 

Bank is willing to make each such Bid Loan. The Administrative Agent shall advise the relevant Borrower before 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the proposed Borrowing Date of the contents of each such Bid Loan Offer received by it. If the Administrative Agent in its capacity as a Bid Loan Bank shall, in its sole discretion, elect to make any such offer, it shall advise such Borrower of the contents of its Bid Loan Offer before 9:15 A.M. (New York City time) on the proposed Borrowing Date. 
 (iv) The relevant Borrower shall before 11:30 A.M. (New York City time) three Working Days before the proposed Borrowing Date (in the case of Bid Loans requested by an Index Rate Bid Loan Request) and before 10:30 A.M. (New York City time) on the proposed Borrowing Date (in the case of Bid Loans requested by an Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request) either, in its absolute discretion: 
 (A) cancel such Bid Loan Request by giving the Administrative Agent telephone notice to that effect, or 
 (B) accept one or more of the offers made by any Bid Loan Bank or Bid Loan Banks pursuant to clause (ii) or clause (iii) of this subsection 2.2(b), as the case may be, by giving telephone notice to the Administrative Agent (immediately confirmed by delivery to the Administrative Agent at the address set forth in clause (i)(A) of this subsection 2.2(b) of a Bid Loan Confirmation) of the amount of Bid Loans for each relevant Interest Period to be made by each Bid Loan Bank (which amount shall be equal to or less than the maximum amount for such Interest Period specified in the Bid Loan Offer of such Bid Loan Bank, and for all Interest Periods included in such Bid Loan Offer shall be equal to or less than the aggregate maximum amount specified in such Bid Loan Offer for all such Interest Periods) and reject any remaining offers made by Bid Loan Banks pursuant to clause (ii) or clause (iii) above, as the case may be; provided , however , that (x) such Borrower may not accept offers for Bid Loans for any Interest Period in an aggregate principal amount in excess of the maximum principal amount requested for such Interest Period in the related Bid Loan Request, (y) if such Borrower accepts any such offers, it must accept offers strictly based upon pricing (starting with the lowest pricing) for such relevant Interest Period and upon no other criteria whatsoever and (z) if two or more Bid Loan Banks submit offers for any Interest Period at identical pricing and such Borrower accepts any of such offers but does not wish to borrow the total amount offered by such Bid Loan Banks with such identical pricing, such Borrower shall accept offers from all of such Bid Loan Banks in amounts allocated among them pro rata according to the amounts offered by such Bid Loan Banks (or as nearly pro rata as shall be practicable, after giving effect to the requirement that Bid Loans made by a Bid Loan Bank on a Borrowing Date for each relevant Interest Period shall be in a principal amount of 5,000,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, it being agreed that to the extent that it is not possible to make allocations in accordance with the provisions of this clause (z) such allocations shall be made in accordance with the instructions of such Borrower, it being understood that in no event shall any Bank be obligated to make any Bid Loan in a principal amount less than 5,000,000). 
 (v) If such Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that a Bid Loan Request is cancelled pursuant to clause (iv)(A) of this subsection 2.2(b), the Administrative Agent shall give prompt telephone notice thereof to the Bid Loan Banks, and the Bid Loans requested thereby shall not be made. 

34 

(vi) (A) If such Borrower accepts pursuant to clause (iv)(B) of this subsection 2.2(b) one or more of the offers made by any Bid Loan Bank or Bid Loan Banks pursuant to a Bid Loan Request, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify by telephone each Bid Loan Bank which has made such an offer of the aggregate amount of such Bid Loans to be made on such Borrowing Date for each Interest Period and of the acceptance or rejection of any offers to make such Bid Loans made by such Bid Loan Bank. Each Bid Loan Bank which is to make a Bid Loan pursuant to a Bid Loan Request shall, before 12:00 Noon (New York City time) on the Borrowing Date specified in the Bid Loan Request applicable thereto, make available to the Administrative Agent at its office set forth in subsection 10.2 the amount of Bid Loans to be made by such Bid Loan Bank, in immediately available funds. The Administrative Agent will make such funds available to such Borrower as soon as practicable on such date at the Administrative Agent s aforesaid address. 
 (B) If such Borrower and any Bank agree to the terms of a Negotiated Rate Loan to be made on a Borrowing Date pursuant to a Negotiated Rate Loan Request, such Borrower and such Bank shall promptly notify by telephone the Administrative Agent of the aggregate amount of Negotiated Rate Loans to be made on such Borrowing Date and the respective Interest Periods therefor. Each Bank which is to make a Negotiated Rate Loan shall, at such time, on such Borrowing Date and at such location as shall be mutually agreed upon between such Borrower and such Bank, make available to such Borrower the amount of Negotiated Rate Loans to be made by such Bank, in immediately available funds. 
 (C) As soon as practicable after each Borrowing Date for Bid Loans and Negotiated Rate Loans, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Bank of the aggregate amount of Bid Loans or Negotiated Rate Loans advanced pursuant to a Bid Loan Request or Negotiated Rate Loan Request on such Borrowing Date and the respective Interest Periods therefor. 
 (c) Within the limits and on the conditions set forth in this subsection 2.2, the Company and the Capital Corporation may from time to time borrow under this subsection 2.2, repay pursuant to paragraph (d) below, and reborrow under this subsection 2.2. 
 (d) The Company or the Capital Corporation, as applicable, shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Bid Loan Bank (or the Loan Assignee in respect thereof, as the case may be) which has made a Bid Loan to such Borrower on the last day of the Interest Period for each Bid Loan (such Interest Period being that specified by such Borrower for repayment of such Bid Loan in the related Bid Loan Request) the then unpaid principal amount of such Bid Loan. Each Borrower shall repay to each Bank which has made a Negotiated Rate Loan to such Borrower (or the Loan Assignee in respect thereof, as the case may be) the principal thereof as agreed by such Borrower and such Bank. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Borrower s obligation to repay its Bid Loans and Negotiated Rate Loans is a several obligation. 
 (e) Each Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Bid Loan and each Negotiated Rate Loan borrowed by such Borrower from the applicable Borrowing Date to the stated maturity date thereof, in the case of a Bid Loan, at the rate of interest determined pursuant to paragraph (b) of this subsection 2.2, and, in the case of a Negotiated Rate Loan, as agreed by such Borrower and the relevant Bank (calculated on the basis of a 360 day year for actual days elapsed), payable on the interest payment date or dates (i) specified by such Borrower for such Bid Loan in the related Bid Loan Request and (ii) mutually agreed upon between such Borrower and such Bank in the case of Negotiated Rate Loans, provided that as to any Bid Loan in respect of which the stated maturity 

35 

date is more than three months after such Borrowing Date, interest shall also be paid on the day which occurs three months after such Borrowing Date. If all or a portion of the principal amount of any Bid Loan shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), such overdue principal amount shall, without limiting any rights of any Bank under this Agreement, bear interest from the date on which such payment was due at a rate per annum which is 1 above the rate which would otherwise be applicable to such Bid Loan until the scheduled maturity date with respect thereto and for each day thereafter at a rate per annum which is 1 above the ABR until paid in full (as well after as before judgment). If all or any portion of the principal amount of any Negotiated Rate Loan shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), such overdue principal amount shall, without limiting any rights of any Bank under this Agreement, bear interest from the date on which such payment was due at a rate per annum as shall be mutually agreed upon between the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Borrower s obligation to pay the interest accrued on its Bid Loans and Negotiated Rate Loans is a several obligation. 
 (f) After the first Bid Loan Request has been given hereunder, no Bid Loan Request or Negotiated Rate Loan Request shall be given until at least one Business Day, in the case of an Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request, or one Working Day, in the case of an Index Rate Bid Loan Request, after the earliest to occur of (i) the Borrowing Dates with respect to all prior Bid Loan Requests made pursuant to subsection 2.2(b)(i), (ii) the date on which all Bid Loan Banks have failed to submit Bid Loan Offers with respect to any Bid Loan Requests within the time specified in subsection 2.2(b)(ii) or (iii), as the case may be, and (iii) the date on which the relevant Borrower has cancelled all prior Bid Loan Requests pursuant to subsection 2.2(b)(iv). 
 2.3 Loan Accounts . Each Bank, with respect to its Committed Rate Loans, Bid Loans and Negotiated Rate Loans, and the Administrative Agent, with respect to all Committed Rate Loans, Negotiated Rate Loans and Bid Loans, shall open and maintain in the name of each Borrower loan accounts (as to each Bank, its Loan Account applicable to such Borrower) on its books and records setting forth the amounts of principal, interest and other sums paid and payable by such Borrower from time to time hereunder in respect of such Loans, and the obligation of such Borrower to pay or repay, as the case may be, such amounts to such Bank shall be evidenced by such Bank s Loan Account. In case of any dispute, action or proceeding relating to any Committed Rate Loan, Bid Loan or Negotiated Rate Loan, the entries in such records shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information set forth therein. In case of discrepancy between the entries in the Administrative Agent s books and records and any Bank s, the entries in the Administrative Agent s books and records shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information set forth therein. 
 2.4 Fees . (a) The Company and the Capital Corporation jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Bank a commitment fee from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the date on which the Commitment of such Bank terminates hereunder, computed at a per annum rate equal to the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily amount of the Available Commitment of such Bank in effect during the period for which payment is made, payable quarterly in arrears on the first Business Day of each January, April, July and October of each year and on the Termination Date or such earlier date on which the Commitments shall terminate as provided herein, commencing in July, 2021. 
 (b) The Company and the Capital Corporation jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account all fees set forth in the letter agreement dated February 2, 2021 from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to the Borrowers. 

36 

(c) The Company and the Capital Corporation jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account all other fees payable to the Administrative Agent as the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent shall mutually agree from time to time. 
 2.5 Termination or Reduction of Commitments; Cancellation of Capital Corporation or JD Luxembourg as Borrower . (a) The Borrowers, acting jointly, shall have the right, upon not less than five Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent, to terminate the Commitments or, from time to time, reduce the amount of the Commitments, provided that (i) any such reduction shall be accompanied by prepayment of Committed Rate Loans and reduction of the L/C Obligations hereunder, together with accrued interest on the amount so prepaid to the date of such prepayment, to the extent, if any, that the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Loans and L/C Obligations exceeds the amount of the Commitments as then reduced and (ii) any such termination of the Commitments shall be accompanied by prepayment in full of the Loans then outstanding hereunder in accordance with subsection 2.6 and payment of all Reimbursement Obligations together with accrued fees and interest thereon, and cash collateralization of outstanding Letters of Credit in an amount equal to the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount thereof (or the provision of other credit support acceptable to the applicable Issuing Banks), and any termination of a Bank s Commitment pursuant to subsection 2.13, 2.16 or 2.17 shall, with respect to each affected Loan, on the last day of the applicable Interest Period therefor or, if earlier, on such earlier date as shall be notified by the Borrowers, be accompanied by prepayment in full of such Loan, together with, in each case, accrued interest thereon to the date of such prepayment, the payment of any Reimbursement Obligation owed to such Bank or unpaid commitment fee then accrued hereunder, the payment of any Letter of Credit interest and fees then accrued hereunder, and the payment of any amounts then payable pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17. Upon receipt of such notice from the Borrowers the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. Any reduction of the Commitments pursuant to this subsection 2.5 shall be in an amount not less than 25,000,000, and shall be an amount which is a whole multiple of 5,000,000, and shall reduce permanently the amount of the Commitments then in effect. 
 (b) The Company may cancel the ability of the Capital Corporation to borrow hereunder upon not less than five Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent. Upon receipt of such notice from the Company, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. On the first day following receipt of such notice, on which all Loans to the Capital Corporation and all interest thereon shall have been paid in full and all Reimbursement Obligations arising in connection with Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Capital Corporation, together with the accrued interest and fees thereon, shall have been paid in full and all outstanding Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Capital Corporation shall have been cash collateralized in an amount equal to the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount thereof (or otherwise credit supported in a manner acceptable to the applicable Issuing Banks), and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, (i) the Capital Corporation shall cease to be a party hereto or to have any right or obligation hereunder, (ii) rights and obligations expressed herein to be, in effect, of the Company, the Capital Corporation or JD Luxembourg, each of them or of any of them together with the Capital Corporation, but not any such rights and obligations expressed herein to be of the Capital Corporation only, shall be deemed to be rights and obligations of the Company only and (iii) the Banks shall cease to have any right or obligation hereunder which depends or is contingent upon any action, condition or performance, or the absence thereof, whether past or present, of the Capital Corporation other than any action, condition or performance, or the absence thereof, of the Capital Corporation in its capacity as a Subsidiary, Significant Subsidiary or Restricted Subsidiary hereunder; provided , however , that the obligation of the Capital Corporation to make any payment pursuant to subsection 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 or 2.17 which arises prior to the cancellation of the ability of the Capital Corporation to borrow hereunder shall survive the cancellation of the ability of the Capital Corporation to borrow hereunder; provided further that any cancellation of the ability of the Capital 

37 

Corporation to borrow hereunder shall be accompanied by the cancellation of the ability of JD Luxembourg to borrow hereunder pursuant to clause (c) below. 
 (c) The Company may cancel the ability of JD Luxembourg to borrow hereunder upon not less than five Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent. Upon receipt of such notice from the Company, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. On the first day following receipt of such notice, on which all Loans to JD Luxembourg and all interest thereon shall have been paid in full, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, (i) JD Luxembourg shall cease to be a party hereto or to have any right or obligation hereunder, (ii) rights and obligations expressed herein to be, in effect, of each of the Company, the Capital Corporation or JD Luxembourg, each of them or any of them together with JD Luxembourg, but not any such rights and obligations expressed herein to be of JD Luxembourg only, shall be deemed to be rights and obligations of the Company and the Capital Corporation, as applicable, only and (iii) the Banks shall cease to have any right or obligation hereunder which depends or is contingent upon any action, condition or performance, or the absence thereof, whether past or present, of JD Luxembourg other than any action, condition or performance, or the absence thereof, of JD Luxembourg in its capacity as a Subsidiary, Significant Subsidiary or Restricted Subsidiary hereunder; provided , however , that the obligation of JD Luxembourg to make any payment pursuant to subsection 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 or 2.17 which arises prior to the cancellation of the ability of JD Luxembourg to borrow hereunder shall survive the cancellation of the ability of JD Luxembourg to borrow hereunder. 
 2.6 Prepayments . (a) Each Borrower may at any time and from time to time prepay its Committed Rate Loans in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, but subject to the provisions of subsection 2.14, upon at least three Working Days irrevocable notice (by 11:00 A.M. Local Time), in the case of Eurocurrency Loans , or SONIA Loans or same day irrevocable notice in the case of ABR Loans, in each case to the Administrative Agent, specifying the date and amount of prepayment and whether the prepayment is of its Eurocurrency Loans , SONIA Loans , ABR Loans, or a combination thereof, and if of a combination thereof, the amount of prepayment allocable to each. Upon receipt of such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. If such notice is given, the Borrower delivering such notice shall make such prepayment, and the payment of the amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable, on the date specified therein, together with accrued interest to such date on the amount prepaid and any amounts payable pursuant to subsections 2.14 and 2.15. Except as provided in the immediately following sentence, partial prepayments shall be in an aggregate principal amount of 5,000,000, or a whole multiple thereof (or comparable amounts reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in the case of Foreign Currency Loans); provided , however, that after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount of all Committed Rate Loans made on the same Borrowing Date shall not be less than 25,000,000 (or comparable amounts reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in the case of Foreign Currency Loans). Anything contained in this subsection 2.6 to the contrary notwithstanding, partial prepayments of a Cancelled Bank s Loans in connection with the termination under subsection 2.13(a), (b) or (c), 2.16(c) or 2.17(b), or upon a Defaulting Bank becoming a Cancelled Bank, of such Cancelled Bank s Commitment (in whole or in part) shall be in an amount equal to the principal amount of the Loans of such Bank being prepaid, notwithstanding the amount thereof, and shall be permitted notwithstanding the provisions of the foregoing proviso. The Company and the Capital Corporation may prepay Negotiated Rate Loans or Bid Loans on such terms as shall be mutually agreed upon between the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank. 
 (a) If, on any Calculation Date, the Total Extensions of Credit outstanding on such date exceed the Total Commitments, on such date, the Borrowers shall, without notice or demand, within five Business Days (i) repay Loans and reduce L/C Obligations in an aggregate principal amount such that, after giving effect thereto, the Total Extensions of Credit shall be equal to or less than the Total Commitments and (ii) pay interest and fees accrued to the date of such payment, prepayment or reduction 

38 

on the principal so prepaid or reduced and any amounts payable under subsection 2.14 in connection therewith. 
 2.7 Minimum Amount of Certain Loans . All borrowings, conversions, continuations, payments and, except as set forth in the penultimate sentence of subsection 2.6, prepayments in respect of Committed Rate Loans shall be in such amounts and be made pursuant to such elections that, after giving effect thereto, (a) the aggregate principal amount of Committed Rate Loans made on any Borrowing Date shall not be less than 25,000,000 or a whole multiple of 5,000,000 in excess thereof (or comparable amounts reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in the case of Foreign Currency Loans) and (b) the aggregate principal amount of Committed Rate Loans of any Type with the same Interest Period shall not be less than 10,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (or comparable amounts reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in the case of Foreign Currency Loans). 
 2.8 Committed Rate Loan Interest Rate and Payment Dates . (a) The Eurocurrency Loans shall bear interest for the period from the date thereof until the stated maturity thereof on the unpaid principal amount thereof at a rate per annum equal to the Eurocurrency Rate determined for the Interest Period therefor plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (b) The ABR Loans shall bear interest for each day during the period from the date thereof until the payment in full thereof on the unpaid principal amount thereof at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the ABR for such day plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (c) The SONIA Loans shall bear interest for each day during the period from the date thereof until the payment in full thereof on the unpaid principal amount thereof at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA for such day plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (c) (d)___ If all or a portion of the principal amount of any of the Committed Rate Loans or Reimbursement Obligations shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) such overdue principal amount of such Committed Rate Loan and Reimbursement Obligations (i) shall bear interest at a rate per annum which is 1 above the rate which would otherwise be applicable pursuant to subsection 2.8(a) or , (b) or (c) as the case may be, from the date when such principal amount is due until the date on which such amount is paid in full and (ii) shall, if such Committed Rate Loan is a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars, be converted to an ABR Loan at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. (d) (e) Interest shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 2.9 Conversion and Continuation Options . (a) The relevant Borrower may elect from time to time to convert Committed Rate Loans denominated in Dollars of one Type into Committed Rate Loans denominated in Dollars of another Type by giving to the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice of such conversion by the earliest time that they would have been required to give notice under subsection 2.1(c) if they had been borrowing Committed Rate Loans of each such Type on the conversion date specified in such notice, provided that any such conversion of Eurocurrency Loans may only be made on the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto. Any such notice of conversion to Eurocurrency Loans shall specify the length of the initial Interest Period or Interest Periods therefor. Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. All or any part of outstanding Eurocurrency Loans and ABR Loans denominated in Dollars may be converted as provided herein, provided that no Loan may be converted into a Eurocurrency Loan after the date that is one month prior to (i) in the case of a Loan made by an Objecting Bank, such Objecting Bank s Commitment Expiration Date, and (ii) in the case of all Loans, the Termination Date. 

39 

(b) Any Eurocurrency Loans may be continued as such upon the expiration of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto by the relevant Borrower giving notice to the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as the case may be, such notice to be given by the time it would have been required to give notice under subsection 2.1(c) if it had been borrowing Eurocurrency Loans on the last day of the then expiring Interest Period therefor, of the length of the next Interest Period to be applicable to such Loans, provided that no Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars may be continued as such after the date that is one month prior to (i) in the case of a Loan made by an Objecting Bank, such Objecting Bank s Commitment Expiration Date, and (ii) in the case of all Loans, the Termination Date. Upon receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as the case may be, shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees . (a) Commitment fees and interest in respect of SONIA Loans and ABR Loans based upon clause (a) of the definition of ABR shall be calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366- as the case may be) day year for the actual days elapsed (including the first day and excluding the last day). Interest in respect of Eurocurrency Loans, Bid Loans and ABR Loans based upon clause (b) or (c) of the definition of ABR and Letter of Credit Fees shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual days elapsed (including the first day and excluding the last day), provided , that interest in respect of Foreign Currency Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, Australian Dollars, Canadian Dollars or New Zealand Dollars shall be calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366- as the case may be) day year for actual days elapsed. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrowers and the Banks of each determination of a Eurocurrency Rate and/or Daily Simple SONIA . Any change in the interest rate on a Committed Rate Loan resulting from a change in ABR shall become effective as of the opening of business on the day on which such change in ABR shall become effective. The Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, shall promptly notify the Borrowers and the Banks of the effective date and the amount of each such change. 
 (b) Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrowers and the Banks in the absence of manifest error. 
 2.11 Inability to Determine Interest Rate . (a) With respect to any Eurocurrency Loan denominated in any Currency or SONIA Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling that is then outstanding, or that has been requested to be borrowed, in the event that the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Borrowers) that (i) by reason of circumstances affecting the interbank market for the applicable Currency generally, (A) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Screen Rate for such Currency for any requested Interest Period with respect to Committed Rate Loans that a Borrower has requested be made as, continued as or converted into Eurocurrency Loans or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA or Daily Simple SONIA for SONIA Loans; provided that this clause (i) shall not apply to a Loan denominated in any Currency to the extent that a Benchmark Transition Event in respect of such Currency shall have occurred at such time or (ii) that deposits in the applicable Currency are not generally available, or cannot be obtained by the Banks, in the applicable market (any Foreign Currency affected by the circumstances described in clause (i) or (ii) is referred to as an Affected Foreign Currency ), the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, shall promptly give notice of such determination to such Borrower and the Banks , which with respect to Eurocurrency Loans, shall be prior to the first day of the requested Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Loans. If such notice is given, such Borrower may (A) in accordance with the provisions of subsection 2.1 or 2.9, as the case may be (including any requirements for notification), request that the affected Loans denominated in Dollars be made as, continued as or converted into, as the case may be, ABR Loans, (B) request that any outstanding Foreign Currency Eurocurrency Loans in an Affected Foreign Currency be converted, on the last day of the then- 

40 

current Interest Period, to Dollar Loans at the applicable Exchange Rate or , (C) request that any outstanding SONIA Loan bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent, determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling cannot be determined, any outstanding affected SONIA Loans, at the applicable Borrower s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars at the applicable exchange rate immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately or (D) in the case of (A) Loans (other than SONIA Loans) requested to be made on the first day of such Interest Period or (B) SONIA Loans requested to be made , withdraw the notice given under subsection 2.1 or 2.9, as the case may be, by giving telephonic notice to the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, no later than 10:00 A.M. (Local Time) one Business Day prior to the applicable Borrowing Date, confirmed in writing no later than one Business Day after such telephonic notice is given; provided that if the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, does not receive any notice permitted from the relevant Borrower hereunder, such Borrower shall be deemed to have requested that the affected Loans be made as, continued as or converted into, as the case may be, ABR Loans or, in the case of Foreign Currency Loans, shall be deemed to have requested that the affected Loans be made as, continued as or converted into, as the case may be, Dollar Loans which are (1) ABR Loans (in the case of clause (i) above) or (2) Eurocurrency Loans (in the case of clause (ii) above). Until the notice given pursuant to the first sentence of this paragraph has been withdrawn by the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, no further Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars (in the case of clause (i) above) or Eurocurrency Loans or SONIA Loans, in each case in an Affected Foreign Currency , shall be made or , with respect to such Eurocurrency Loans, continued as such, nor shall the Borrower have the right to convert ABR Loans to Eurocurrency Loans. (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark with respect to a Loan denominated in any Currency, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement for a Loan denominated in such Currency is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for a Loan denominated in such Currency for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement for a Loan denominated in such Currency is determined in accordance with clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Banks without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Banks comprising the Majority Banks. (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, solely with respect to a Loan denominated in Dollars, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan 

41 

Document; provided that, this clause (c) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Banks and the Company a Term SOFR Notice. (d) In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (e) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Banks of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Bank (or group of Banks) pursuant to this subsection 2.11, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this subsection 2.11. (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or Eurocurrency Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent shall modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (g) Upon the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to the Relevant Rate applicable to any Eurocurrency Loan , and or SONIA Loan, as applicable, and, with respect to such Eurocurrency Loans, during the continuance thereof (in each case below, to the extent such Benchmark Unavailability Period is in respect of the Relevant Rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan or such SONIA Loan, as applicable ), (i) a Borrower may revoke any request for a Eurocurrency Loan or SONIA Loan to be made during such Benchmark Unavailability Period, and, failing that, the applicable Borrower will be deemed to have converted such request for a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars into a request for an ABR Loan and (ii) any request for a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency or a SONIA Loan shall be ineffective. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Eurocurrency Loan in any Currency or SONIA Loan is outstanding on the date of the 

42 

Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to the Relevant Rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan or SONIA Loan, as applicable , then (i) if such Eurocurrency Loan is denominated in Dollars, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan denominated in Dollars on such day or , (ii) if such Eurocurrency Loan is denominated in any Foreign Currency, such Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), at the applicable Borrower s election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the applicable Borrower on such day or (B) be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such Eurocurrency Loan on such day (it being understood and agreed that if the applicable Borrower does not so prepay such Loan on such day by 12:00 noon, Local Time, the Administrative Agent is authorized to effect such conversion of such Eurocurrency Loan into an ABR Loan denominated in Dollars)); provided that, in the case of this subclause (B), upon any subsequent implementation of a Benchmark Replacement in respect of such Foreign Currency pursuant to this subsection 2.11, such ABR Loan denominated in Dollars shall then be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in the original Foreign Currency applicable to such Loan (in an amount equal to the Foreign Currency Equivalent of the amount of such ABR Loan) on the day of, and after giving effect to, such implementation . or (iii) such SONIA Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling cannot be determined, any outstanding affected SONIA Loans, at the Company s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of Pounds Sterling) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 2.12 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments . (a) All payments (including prepayments) to be made by the Borrowers on account of principal, Reimbursement Obligations, interest and fees shall be made without defense, set-off or counterclaim and shall be made, in the case of fees and principal of, and interest on, Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) and Reimbursement Obligations at the Administrative Agent s office specified in subsection 10.2, in each case in the relevant Currency in which the Loan was made (and in Dollars in the case of Reimbursement Obligations) and in immediately available funds not later than 11:00 A.M. (Local Time) on the date due. The Administrative Agent shall distribute such payments to the Banks entitled thereto on the day of receipt in like funds as received, provided that the Administrative Agent shall have received such payments not later than 11:00 A.M. (Local Time). If the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payments to the Banks entitled thereto on a date after the date on which such payments were received prior to 11:00 A.M. (Local Time), the Administrative Agent shall pay to each such Bank on demand an amount equal to the product of (i) the daily average applicable Overnight Rate, times (ii) the amount of such Bank s share of such payment, times (iii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse from and including such date of receipt of payment by the Administrative Agent to but excluding the date on which such Bank s share of such payment shall have become immediately available to such Bank and the denominator of which is 360. All payments (including prepayments) to be made by the Borrowers on account of principal, interest and fees relating to Negotiated Rate Loans shall be made to the Bank with respect thereto on such terms, at such address and at such time as shall be mutually agreed upon between the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank in lawful money of the United States of America on the date due. 
 (b) (i) Each borrowing by a Borrower of Committed Rate Loans and each payment of principal in respect of Committed Rate Loans (subject to the provisions of subsection 2.20(e)) shall be made in accordance with the following requirements: 

43 

(A) All borrowings of Committed Rate Loans and all principal payments in respect of such Loans, shall be made pro rata according to the respective Commitments of the Banks. 
 (B) As provided in clause (b)(ii) below, if any principal payment is made in respect of any Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) on any day on which principal amounts are due and owing in respect of any Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans), such principal payment shall be applied to the Banks pro rata according to the respective amounts of principal due and owing to the Banks under this Agreement. 
 (ii) Except as provided in subsections 2.13, 2.16 and 2.17, each reduction of the Commitments shall be made pro rata among the Banks according to their respective Commitment Percentages. Each payment by the Borrowers under this Agreement or of any Loan (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) shall be applied, first , to any fees then due and owing pursuant to subsections 2.4 and 2.26, second , to interest then due and owing in respect of the Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) and Reimbursement Obligations and third , to principal then due and owing hereunder (other than principal due and owing under Negotiated Rate Loans) under the Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) and Reimbursement Obligations. Each payment made by the Company or the Capital Corporation under this Agreement relating to a Negotiated Rate Loan to the Bank with respect thereto shall be applied, first , to interest then due and owing in respect of such Negotiated Rate Loan and second , to principal then due and owing hereunder with respect to such Negotiated Rate Loan and under such Negotiated Rate Loan. Each payment (other than voluntary prepayments made when no principal payments are due and owing hereunder) by a Borrower on account of principal of and interest on the Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) and Reimbursement Obligations shall be made for the account of each Bank pro rata according to the respective amounts of principal, Reimbursement Obligations and interest due and owing to such Bank under this Agreement. Subject to the requirements of clause (i) of this paragraph (b), each payment by a Borrower on account of principal of the Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) and Reimbursement Obligations shall be applied, first , to such of its Committed Rate Loan borrowings and Reimbursement Obligations as such Borrower may designate and, second , after all Committed Rate Loans and Reimbursement Obligations shall have been paid in full, to all of its Absolute Rate Bid Loans or Index Rate Bid Loans made on the same Borrowing Date with the same Interest Period as such Borrower may designate, pro rata according to the respective amounts outstanding; provided , however , that prepayments made pursuant to subsection 2.13(a), (b) or (c), 2.16(c) or 2.17(b) shall be applied in accordance with such subsection. 
 (c) If any payment hereunder (other than payments on the Eurocurrency Loans and Index Rate Bid Loans) becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day. If any payment on a Eurocurrency Loan or Index Rate Bid Loan becomes due and payable on a day other than a Working Day, the maturity thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Working Day unless the result of such extension would be to extend such payment into another calendar month in which event such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Working Day. With respect to any extension of the payment of principal pursuant to this subsection 2.12(c), interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension. 

44 

(d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by any Bank prior to the date of the Committed Rate Loan, Committed Rate Loans, Bid Loan or Bid Loans to be made by such Bank (which notice shall be effective upon receipt) that such Bank will not make its pro rata share of the amount of the requested borrowing on such date available to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Bank has made such amount available to it on such date and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the relevant Borrower a corresponding amount. If a Bank shall make such amount available to the Administrative Agent on a date after such Borrowing Date, such Bank shall pay to the Administrative Agent on demand an amount equal to the product of (i) the daily average applicable Overnight Rate, times (ii) the amount of such Bank s pro rata share of such borrowing, times (iii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse from and including such Borrowing Date to but excluding the date on which such Bank s pro rata share of such borrowing shall have become immediately available to the Administrative Agent and the denominator of which is 360. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to any Bank with respect to any amounts owing under this subsection 2.12(d) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. If such Bank s pro rata share is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent by such Bank within three Business Days of such Borrowing Date, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such amount, on demand, from the relevant Borrower with interest thereon at the rate equal to the product of (i) during the period from and including such Borrowing Date to the Business Day next following the date of such demand, the daily average applicable Overnight Rate, times a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse from and including such Borrowing Date to but excluding the Business Day next following the date of such demand and the denominator of which is 360 and (ii) thereafter, the interest rate or rates applicable to the Loan or Loans funded by the Administrative Agent on behalf of such Bank on such Borrowing Date, times a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days which elapse from and including the Business Day next following the date of such demand to but excluding the date such amount is recovered by the Administrative Agent from such Borrower and the denominator of which is 360. In the event any Bank s pro rata share of a borrowing is not made available to the Administrative Agent in accordance with this paragraph within three Business Days of the applicable Borrowing Date (i) such Bank shall, during the period from such Borrowing Date to the date such Bank makes its pro rata share of the applicable borrowing available, not accrue and shall not be entitled to receive any commitment fee under subsection 2.4 and (ii) each Borrower may exercise or pursue any other rights, remedies, powers and privileges against such Bank as are provided by law or by contract. 
 2.13 Requirements of Law . (a) If any Bank shall determine that by reason of (i) the introduction after the date hereof of any applicable law, regulation or guideline or any change after the date hereof in any applicable law, regulation or guideline (including the phasing-in of a provision of any applicable law, regulation or guideline) or in the interpretation thereof by any governmental or other regulatory authority charged with the administration thereof or any court of competent jurisdiction and/or (ii) compliance by such Bank with any requirement adopted after the date hereof or directive adopted after the date hereof from any central bank or other fiscal, monetary or other regulatory authority (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the cost of such Bank of maintaining or giving effect to its obligations with respect to Committed Rate Loans or Letters of Credit under this Agreement or maintaining its Commitment with respect to Committed Rate Loans or Letters of Credit or making or maintaining any Eurocurrency Loans or SONIA Loans or any reduction in any amount receivable by such Bank in respect of Eurocurrency Loans or SONIA Loans under this Agreement, notwithstanding the reasonable efforts (such reasonable efforts not to result in the incurrence of additional costs or expenses) of such Bank to mitigate such increase or reduction (excluding for purposes of this subsection 2.13 any such increased costs resulting from (x) Indemnified Taxes (as to which subsection 2.17 shall govern), (y) changes in the basis of taxation of overall net income or overall gross income by the United States or by the foreign jurisdiction or state under the laws of which such 

45 

Bank is organized or has its applicable lending office or any political subdivision thereof and (z) FATCA), then the relevant Borrower shall from time to time on receipt (whenever occurring) of a certificate from such Bank (which shall be executed by an officer thereof and a copy of which shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent) pay to such Bank such amounts as are stated therein to be required to indemnify such Bank against such increased costs or reduction; provided , however, that if such Borrower becomes obligated to pay any Bank any additional amount pursuant to this subsection 2.13(a), such Borrower shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable to such Bank pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee, Letter of Credit Fee, Reimbursement Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit or other amount payable to such Bank hereunder and/or, upon giving not less than three Business Days notice to any such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank (and upon such cancellation, such Bank s participation in any then outstanding undrawn Letters of Credit shall terminate) (it being understood that any partial cancellation of the Commitment shall result in a corresponding reduction of such Bank s participating interest in respect of Letters of Credit); provided , further, that such Borrower shall not be obligated to pay any Bank any additional amount pursuant to this subsection 2.13(a) (A) which constitutes a present or future income, stamp or other tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction or withholding referred to in subsection 2.17(a) or (B) as a result of any law, rule, guideline, regulation, request or directive regarding capital adequacy or liquidity referred to in subsection 2.13(b). A certificate of such Bank as to the amount of such increased costs or reduction shall set forth in reasonable detail the computation of such increased costs or reduction, and shall be binding and conclusive in the absence of manifest error. A Bank which demands indemnification hereunder as a result of an increased cost or reduction referred to herein shall deliver the certificate referred to above to the relevant Borrower demanding indemnification no later than the later of (y) the thirtieth day immediately following each payment or realization by such Bank of such increased cost or reduction (and such certificate shall certify that the amounts set forth therein were paid or realized within such thirty-day period) and (z) the thirtieth day immediately following such Bank s knowledge of the incurrence or realization by such Bank of such increased cost or reduction (and such certificate shall so certify). (b) In the event that any Bank shall have determined that the adoption after the date hereof of any law, rule, guideline or regulation regarding capital adequacy or liquidity, or any change after the date hereof in any existing or future law, rule, guideline or regulation regarding capital adequacy or liquidity (excluding, however, the phasing-in of any existing law, rule, regulation or guideline regarding capital adequacy or liquidity) or in the interpretation or application thereof or compliance by such Bank or any corporation controlling such Bank with any request or directive made or adopted after the date hereof regarding capital adequacy or liquidity (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or Governmental Authority, does or shall have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Bank s or such corporation s capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Bank or such corporation could have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration such Bank s or such corporation s policies with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Bank to be material, then from time to time, within 30 days after receipt (whenever occurring) of a certificate from such Bank (which shall be executed by an officer thereof and a copy of which shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent), the Company and the Capital Corporation jointly and severally agree to pay to such Bank such additional amounts as are stated therein to be required to compensate it for such reduction; provided , however , that if such Borrower becomes obligated to pay any Bank any additional amount pursuant to this subsection 2.13(b), such Borrower shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable pursuant to 

46 

subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee, Letter of Credit Fee, Reimbursement Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit or other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or, upon giving not less than three Business Days notice to any such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank (and upon such cancellation, such Bank s participation in any then outstanding undrawn Letters of Credit shall terminate) (it being understood that any partial cancellation of the Commitment shall result in a corresponding reduction of such Bank s participating interest in respect of Letters of Credit) (but only if after giving effect to such cancellation and prepayment the Total Extensions of Credit do not exceed the Total Commitments). A certificate of such Bank as to the amount of such reduction shall set forth in reasonable detail the computation of such reduction, and shall be binding and conclusive in the absence of manifest error. A Bank which demands indemnification hereunder as a result of a reduction referred to herein shall deliver the certificate referred to above to the relevant Borrower demanding indemnification no later than the later of (i) the thirtieth day immediately following each realization by such Bank of such reduction (and such certificate shall certify that the amounts set forth therein were realized within such thirty-day period) and (ii) the thirtieth day immediately following such Bank s knowledge of the realization by such Bank of such reduction (and such certificate shall so certify). 
 (c) Each Borrower shall pay to each Bank that delivers a certificate to such Borrower in accordance with this subsection (c) such amounts as shall be necessary to reimburse such Bank for the costs (determined in accordance with the immediately following sentence), if any, incurred by such Bank, as a result of the application to such Bank during any period on which there are outstanding Eurocurrency Loans advanced by such Bank to such Borrower of basic, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserves under any regulations of the Board or other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto dealing with reserve requirements prescribed for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D of such Board) maintained by a member bank of such system (any such reserves dealing with reserve requirements prescribed for eurocurrency funding being referred to as Reserves ), such amount to be set forth in a certificate of such Bank delivered to the relevant Borrower; provided , however , that if a Bank gives to a Borrower the written notice contemplated by the proviso set forth in the second following sentence, such Borrower shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee, Letter of Credit Fee, Reimbursement Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit or other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or upon giving not less than three Working Days notice to such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank (and upon such cancellation, such Bank s participation in any then outstanding undrawn Letters of Credit shall terminate) (it being understood that any partial cancellation of the Commitment shall result in a corresponding reduction of such Bank s participating interest in respect of Letters of Credit). Amounts certified by a Bank hereunder for any period shall represent such Bank s calculation or, if an accurate calculation is impracticable, reasonable estimate (using such reasonable means of allocation as such Bank shall determine) of the actual costs, if any, theretofore incurred by such Bank as a result of the application of Reserves to Eurocurrency liabilities (as referred to in Regulation D referred to above) of such Bank in an amount equal to such Bank s Eurocurrency Loans during such period and in any event shall not exceed the amount obtainable utilizing the maximum Reserves prescribed by the Board or other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto for such period. Such payment shall be made within fifteen days after receipt by the relevant Borrower of a certificate, signed by an officer of the Bank delivering such certificate, which certificate shall be binding and conclusive in the absence of demonstrable error, specifying the period (prior to the date of such certificate) during which the cost set forth therein was incurred by such Bank and stating (i) that such amount represents the actual cost, or, if an accurate calculation of such cost is impracticable stating that such amount represents such Bank s 

47 

reasonable estimate of the actual cost, incurred by such Bank during such period as a result of the application of Reserves to Eurocurrency liabilities of such Bank in an amount equal to such Bank s Eurocurrency Loans during such period and specified in such certificate and (ii) that the amount set forth therein does not in any event exceed the amount obtainable utilizing the maximum Reserves prescribed for such period by the Board or such other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto; provided that the obligation of the Borrowers to pay any amounts pursuant to this subsection 2.13(c) shall apply only in the case of those Banks that give to the relevant Borrower and the Administrative Agent, no later than 3:00 P.M. (Local Time) on the day that is two Working Days prior to the applicable Borrowing Date therefor, a written notice stating that such Bank intends to demand reimbursement pursuant hereto. A Bank which demands reimbursement of Reserve costs hereunder on account of a Eurocurrency Loan made by such Bank shall deliver the certificate referred to in the preceding sentence to the relevant Borrower setting forth the items specified in clauses (i) and (ii) of the preceding sentence no later than the thirtieth day immediately following the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan. 
 (d) If any Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction of any Foreign Currency (or any other jurisdiction in which the funding operations of any Bank shall be conducted with respect to such Foreign Currency) shall put into effect after the date hereof any reserve, liquid asset or similar requirement with respect to any category of deposits or liabilities customarily used to fund loans in such Foreign Currency (excluding any Reserves), or by reference to which interest rates applicable to loans in such Foreign Currency are determined, and the result of such requirement shall be to increase the cost to such Bank of making or maintaining any Foreign Currency Loan in such Foreign Currency, and such Bank shall deliver to the Borrowers a notice requesting compensation under this paragraph, then the Borrower will pay to such Bank on each Interest Payment Date with respect to each affected Foreign Currency Loan an amount that will compensate such Bank for such additional cost; provided , that the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Bank pursuant to this paragraph for any amounts incurred more than three months prior to the date that such Banks notifies the Borrowers of such Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor; and provided further that, if the circumstances giving rise to such claim have a retroactive effect, then such three-month period shall be extended to include the period of such retroactive effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Bank gives to a Borrower the written notice contemplated by the proviso set forth in the following sentence, such Borrower shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee, Letter of Credit Fee, Reimbursement Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit or other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or upon giving not less than three Working Days notice to such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank (and upon such cancellation, such Bank s participation in any then outstanding undrawn Letters of Credit shall terminate) (it being understood that any partial cancellation of the Commitment shall result in a corresponding reduction of such Bank s participating interest in respect of Letters of Credit). Such payment shall be made within fifteen days after receipt by the relevant Borrower of a certificate, signed by an officer of the Bank delivering such certificate, which certificate shall be binding and conclusive in the absence of demonstrable error, specifying the period (prior to the date of such certificate) during which the cost set forth therein was incurred by such Bank and stating (i) that such amount represents the actual cost, or, if an accurate calculation of such cost is impracticable stating that such amount represents such Bank s reasonable estimate of the actual cost, incurred by such Bank during such period as a result of the application of such reserve, liquid asset or similar requirements in an amount equal to such Bank s Foreign Currency Loans during such period and specified in such certificate and (ii) that the amount set forth therein does not in any event exceed the amount obtainable utilizing such reserves prescribed for such period by such Governmental Authority 

48 

having jurisdiction with respect thereto; provided that the obligation of the Borrowers to pay any amounts pursuant to this subsection 2.13(d) shall apply only in the case of those Banks that give to the relevant Borrower and the Administrative Agent, no later than 3:00 P.M. (Local Time) on the day that is two Working Days prior to the applicable Borrowing Date therefor, a written notice stating that such Bank intends to demand reimbursement pursuant hereto. A Bank which demands reimbursement of reserve costs hereunder on account of a Foreign Currency Loan made by such Bank shall deliver the certificate referred to in the preceding sentence to the relevant Borrower setting forth the items specified in clauses (i) and (ii) of the preceding sentence no later than the thirtieth day immediately following the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Foreign Currency Loan. 
 (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if (A) the adoption of any law, rule or regulation after the date of this Agreement, (B) any change in any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement or (C) compliance by any Bank with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement, shall make it unlawful for any such Bank to make or maintain any Foreign Currency Loan or to give effect to its obligations as contemplated hereby with respect to any Foreign Currency Loan, then, by written notice to the Borrowers and to the Administrative Agent: 
 (i) such Bank or Banks may declare that Foreign Currency Loans (in the affected Currency or Currencies) will not thereafter (for the duration of such unlawfulness) be made by such Bank or Banks hereunder (or be continued for additional Interest Periods), whereupon any request for a Foreign Currency Loan (in the affected Currency or Currencies) or to continue a Foreign Currency Loan (in the affected Currency or Currencies, as the case may be, for an additional Interest Period) shall, as to such Bank or Banks only, be of no force and effect, unless such declaration shall be subsequently withdrawn; and 
 (ii) such Bank may require that all outstanding Foreign Currency Loans (in the affected Currency or Currencies), made by it be converted to ABR Loans or Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars, as the case may be (unless repaid by the Borrowers), in which event all such Foreign Currency Loans (in the affected Currency or Currencies) shall be converted to ABR Loans or Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars, as the case may be, as of the effective date of such notice as provided in paragraph (f) below and at the Exchange Rate on the date of such conversion or, at the option of the Borrower, repaid on the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto or, if earlier, the date on which the applicable notice becomes effective. 
 In the event any Bank shall exercise its rights under (i) or (ii) above, all payments and prepayments of principal that would otherwise have been applied to repay the converted Foreign Currency Loans of such Bank shall instead be applied to repay the ABR Loans or Loans denominated in Dollars, as the case may be, made by such Bank resulting from such conversion. (f) For purposes of subsection 2.13(e), a notice to a Borrower by any Bank shall be effective as to each Foreign Currency Loan made by such Bank, if lawful, on the last day of the Interest Period currently applicable to such Foreign Currency Loan; in all other cases such notice shall be effective on the date of receipt thereof by such Borrower. 
 (g) The obligations of the parties under this subsection 2.13 shall survive termination of this Agreement and payment of the Loans. 

49 

(h) For purposes of this subsection 2.13, (i) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or by United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, and (ii) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof , shall be deemed to have been introduced and adopted after the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Bank shall be entitled to seek compensation for costs imposed pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or Basel III if it shall not be the general policy of such Bank at such time to seek compensation from other investment grade borrowers with the same or similar ratings under yield protection provisions in credit agreements with such borrowers that provide for such compensation and the applicable Bank is in fact generally seeking such compensation from such borrowers (and, upon any request by such Bank for payment, certifies to the Borrower to the effect of the foregoing). 
 2.14 Indemnity . (a) With respect to Loans that are not SONIA Loans, E e ach Borrower agrees to indemnify each Bank and to hold each Bank harmless from any loss or expense which such Bank may sustain or incur as a consequence of a i default by such Borrower in payment of the principal amount of or interest on any Loan by such Bank, including, but not limited to, any such loss or expense arising from interest or fees payable by such Bank to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to maintain its Loans hereunder, b ii default by such Borrower in making a borrowing, conversion or continuance after such Borrower has given a notice in accordance with subsection 2.1, 2.2 or 2.9, c iii default by such Borrower in making any prepayment after such Borrower has given a notice in accordance with subsection 2.5 or 2.6 or d iv the making by such Borrower of a prepayment of a Committed Rate Loan (other than an ABR Loan), a Bid Loan or, to the extent agreed to by the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank with respect to a Negotiated Rate Loan, a Negotiated Rate Loan on a day which is not the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto (with respect to Committed Rate Loans) or the maturity date therefor (with respect to Bid Loans) or any agreed date (with respect to Negotiated Rate Loans), including, but not limited to, any such loss or expense arising from interest or fees payable by such Bank to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to maintain its Loans hereunder. This covenant shall survive termination of this Agreement and payment of the outstanding Loans. A certificate as to any amount payable pursuant to the foregoing shall be submitted by such Bank (and executed by an officer thereof) to the relevant Borrower, setting forth the computation of such amounts in reasonable detail, and shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 
 (b) With respect to SONIA Loans, each Borrower agrees to indemnify each Bank and to hold each Bank harmless from any loss or expense which such Bank may sustain or incur as a consequence of (i) default by such Borrower in payment of the principal amount of or interest on any Loan by such Bank, including, but not limited to, any such loss or expense arising from interest or fees payable by such Bank to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to maintain its Loans hereunder, (ii) default by such Borrower in making a borrowing after such Borrower has given a notice in accordance with subsection 2.1, 2.2 or 2.9, (iii) default by such Borrower in making any prepayment after such Borrower has given a notice in accordance with subsection 2.5 or 2.6 or (iv) the making by such Borrower of a prepayment of a SONIA Loan on a day which is not the payment date with respect thereto, including, but not limited to, any such loss or expense arising from interest or fees payable by such Bank to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to maintain its Loans hereunder. This covenant shall survive termination of this Agreement and payment of the outstanding SONIA Loans. A certificate as to any amount payable pursuant to the foregoing shall be submitted by such Bank (and executed by an officer thereof) to the relevant Borrower, setting forth the computation of such amounts in reasonable detail, and shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 

50 

2.15 Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent . With respect to all Loans except Negotiated Rate Loans, unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by the relevant Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due from it hereunder (which notice shall be effective upon receipt) that such Borrower does not intend to make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment when due, and the Administrative Agent may in reliance upon such assumption (but shall not be required to) make available to each Bank on such payment date an amount equal to the portion of such assumed payment to which such Bank is entitled hereunder, and if such Borrower has not in fact made such payment to the Administrative Agent, such Bank shall, on demand, repay to the Administrative Agent the amount made available to such Bank together with interest thereon in respect of each day during the period commencing on the date such amount was made available to such Bank and ending on (but excluding) the date such Bank repays such amount to the Administrative Agent, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to the relevant Bank with respect to any amount owing under this subsection 2.15 shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 2.16 Extension of Termination Date . (a) No later than 30 days prior to the Termination Date then in effect, provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time such request is submitted, the Borrowers may request an extension of such Termination Date by submitting to the Administrative Agent an Extension Request containing the information in respect of such extension specified in Exhibit I, which the Administrative Agent shall promptly furnish to each Bank. If, within 30 days of their receipt of an Extension Request, the Majority Banks shall approve in writing the extension of the Termination Date requested in such Extension Request, the Termination Date shall automatically and without any further action by any Person be extended for the period specified in such Extension Request; provided that (i) each extension pursuant to this subsection 2.16 shall be for a maximum of one year and (ii) the Commitment of any Bank which does not consent in writing to such extension within 30 days of its receipt of such Extension Request (an Objecting Bank shall, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, expire on the Termination Date in effect on the date of such Extension Request (such Termination Date, if any, referred to as the Commitment Expiration Date with respect to such Objecting Bank). If, within 30 days of their receipt of an Extension Request, the Majority Banks shall not approve in writing the extension of the Termination Date requested in an Extension Request, the Termination Date shall not be extended pursuant to such Extension Request. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify (y) the Banks and the Borrowers of any extension of the Termination Date pursuant to this subsection 2.16 and (z) the Borrowers and any other Bank of any Bank which becomes an Objecting Bank. No Bank has an obligation to extend its Commitment pursuant to this subsection 2.16 except in its sole discretion. 
 (b) Any Objecting Bank the Commitment of which shall expire prior to any extended Termination Date shall, subject to subsection 2.16(c), have its Committed Rate Loans repaid in full by the applicable Borrower(s) on such expiration date, together with accrued interest thereon, and shall have any accrued and unpaid commitment fee, Letter of Credit Fee, Reimbursement Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit or other amount payable to it hereunder paid on the first date to occur following such expiration date on which the fees referred to in subsection 2.4(a) or 2.26 or other amounts are payable to the non-Objecting Banks or, if such fees or other amounts shall be so payable on such expiration date, such unpaid commitment fee, Letter of Credit Fee and other amount shall be paid on such expiration date. In addition, the participating interest of any Objecting Bank in any then outstanding undrawn Letters of Credit shall terminate on such expiration date (it being understood that each Objecting Bank shall remain liable to fund its participating interest in respect of any Letters of Credit which are drawn upon by the beneficiary thereof prior to such expiration date) and such participating interest shall be deemed to be reallocated to and among the non-Objecting Banks ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. 

51 

(c) The Borrowers shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and the Objecting Banks in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Committed Rate Loans of the Objecting Banks, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee, Letter of Credit Fee, Reimbursement Obligations in respect to Letters of Credit or other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or, upon giving not less than three Working Days notice to the Objecting Banks and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitments of the Objecting Banks (and upon such cancellation, such Objecting Bank s participation in any then outstanding undrawn Letters of Credit shall terminate and such participation shall be deemed to be reallocated to and among the non-Objecting Banks ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments) (it being understood that any partial cancellation of the Commitment shall result in a corresponding reduction of such Objecting Bank s participating interest in respect of Letters of Credit) (but only if after giving effect to such cancellation or prepayment the Total Extensions of Credit do not exceed the Total Commitments), provided that during the period from the Closing Date through March 29, 2022, and, commencing on March 30, 2022, during each one-year period thereafter to and including the Termination Date (each, a Deal Year ), the aggregate Commitments of Banks which are terminated pursuant to this subsection 2.16(c) and are not replaced during such Deal Year pursuant to subsection 2.19 shall not exceed 33-1/3 of the aggregate Commitments in effect on the first day of such Deal Year of Banks which were not Objecting Banks on such first day. 
 2.17 Indemnified Taxes . (a) Except as required by applicable law, all payments made under this Agreement shall be made without set-off, counterclaim, restriction or condition and free and clear of, and without reduction for or on account of, any present or future income, stamp or other taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions or withholdings of any nature whatsoever, now or hereafter imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any governmental or other regulatory authority charged with the administration thereof with respect to any amount that is paid under this Agreement excluding, in the case of each Bank (for purposes of this subsection 2.17 each reference to a Bank shall be deemed to also be a reference to any Issuing Bank), (i) income and franchise taxes (including, without limitation, branch taxes) imposed by the United States or similar taxes imposed by a political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, (ii) in the case of any Foreign Bank, any taxes imposed by the United States by means of withholding at the source unless such Bank has provided the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with the documents it is required to provide to them under subsection 2.17(c) or such tax is imposed by reason of a change in United States law (other than FATCA described in clause (vi)) after the date the Bank becomes a party to this Agreement, (iii) taxes that would not have been imposed on such Bank but for the existence of a connection between such Bank and the jurisdiction imposing such taxes (other than a connection arising principally by virtue of such Bank having executed, delivered or performed its obligations or received a payment under, or enforced this Agreement), (iv) taxes that are attributable to such Bank s failure to comply with the requirements of subsection 2.17(c), subsection 2.17(d) or subsection 2.17(f), (v) any taxes imposed upon a Non-Qualifying Bank (as defined in subsection 2.17(e)) pursuant to the Luxembourg laws of 21 June, 2005 implementing the European Union Savings Directive (Council Directive 2003/48/EC) and several agreements concluded with certain dependent or associated territories, providing for the possible application of a withholding tax, as in effect as of the date hereof, other than any taxes which can be avoided pursuant to an exchange of information and for which such information is available to the Borrower, and (vi) any withholding imposed pursuant to FATCA (such non-excluded taxes being called Indemnified Taxes ). If any Indemnified Taxes are required to be withheld from any amounts so payable to the Administrative Agent or any Bank hereunder, as determined in good faith by the applicable Withholding Agent, (i) such amounts shall be paid to the relevant Government Authority in accordance with applicable law and (ii) the amounts so payable by the applicable Borrower shall be increased to the extent necessary to yield to such Bank (after payment of all Indemnified Taxes) interest or any such other 

52 

amounts payable hereunder at the rates or in the amounts specified in this Agreement as if such withholding or deduction had not been made. Whenever any Indemnified Taxes are payable by any Borrower, as the case may be, as promptly as possible thereafter such Borrower, as the case may be, shall send to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, or for the account of the affected Bank, a certified copy of the original official receipt, if any, or other documentary evidence received by such Borrower showing payment thereof. If (i) such Borrower fails to pay any Indemnified Taxes when due to the appropriate taxing authority, (ii) such Borrower fails to remit to the Administrative Agent the required receipts or other required documentary evidence, or (iii) as a result of a failure listed in (i) directly above, any Indemnified Taxes are imposed directly upon the Administrative Agent or any Bank, such Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Bank, as the case may be, for any Indemnified Taxes and interest or penalties with respect thereto that may become payable by the Administrative Agent or such Banks, as the case may be, as a result of any such failure, in the case of (i) or (ii), or any such direct imposition, in the case of (iii). (b) If a Borrower is required by this subsection 2.17 to make a payment to or in respect of any Bank, such Borrower shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee, Letter of Credit Fee, Reimbursement Obligations in respect to Letters of Credit or other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or on giving not less than three Business Days notice to any such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank (and upon such cancellation, such Bank s participation in any then outstanding undrawn Letters of Credit shall terminate) (it being understood that any partial cancellation of the Commitment shall result in a corresponding reduction of such Bank s participating interest in respect of Letters of Credit) (but only if after giving effect to such cancellation or prepayment the Total Extensions of Credit do not exceed the Total Commitments). 
 (c) At least two Business Days prior to the first Borrowing Date or, if such date does not occur within thirty days after the Closing Date, by the end of such thirty-day period, each Bank agrees (it being understood that the requirements of this sentence may be waived by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers acting together and in their sole discretion) that it will deliver to each Borrower and the Administrative Agent either (A) in the case of a Domestic Bank, two duly completed copies of United States Internal Revenue Service IRS Form W-9 (or any successor form), (B) in the case of a Foreign Bank, two duly completed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (including, as applicable, a letter in duplicate in substantially the form of Exhibit J), Form W-8ECI (including, as applicable, a letter in duplicate in substantially the form as Exhibit K) or Form W-8IMY, as the case may be, (or any applicable successor forms) together with any applicable underlying IRS forms certifying in each case that such Bank is entitled to receive payment under this Agreement without deduction or withholding of any United States Federal income taxes or (C) in the case of a Bank claiming exception under Sections 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code, a Certificate of Non-Bank Status (in substantially the form as the applicable Exhibit P) together with two original copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W- 8BEN or W-8BEN-E, or successor applicable form, as the case may be, to establish an exemption from United States backup withholding tax; and, in addition to the forms documents and certifications described in clauses (A), (B) and (C), any other form prescribed by applicable requirements of United States Federal income tax law as a basis for claiming a complete exemption from United States Federal withholding tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Requirement of Law to permit the relevant Borrower and the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. Each Bank (including, without limitation, each Transferee) agrees (for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers (it being understood that the requirements of this sentence may be waived by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers acting together and in their sole discretion)), to 

53 

provide the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers a new letter or a new Certificate of Non-Bank Status, if applicable, and Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, Form W-8ECI or Form W-8IMY, or successor applicable form or other manner of certification, (x) in the case of a Transferee, on or before the date it becomes party to this Agreement, (y) on or before the date that any such letter, form or document expires or becomes obsolete or promptly after the occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent letter, form or document previously delivered by it, certifying in the case of a Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI or W-8IMY that such Bank is entitled to receive payments under this Agreement without deduction or withholding of any United States Federal income tax, and in the case of a Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing exemption from United States backup withholding tax, and (z) promptly after the date the relevant Borrower or the Administrative Agent reasonably requests any form of document referred to in this subsection 2.17(c); provided , however , that if a Bank is unable to provide a letter, form, certificate, successor or other document described in this sentence by reason of a change in the applicable law occurring after the date on which such letter, form, certificate, successor or other document originally was required to be provided by such Bank, then such Bank shall be required to comply with this sentence to the extent permitted under such applicable law, and the letter, form, certificate, successor or other document provided in accordance with this proviso (if any) shall certify that such Bank is entitled to receive payments under this Agreement at the lowest rate of deduction, withholding or backup withholding to which it is entitled under such applicable law. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for obtaining such documentation from any Bank other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 (d) A Bank that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of non-U.S. withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments under this Agreement shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate; provided that such Bank is legally entitled to complete, execute and deliver such documentation and in such Bank s judgment such completion, execution or submission would not materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Bank. 
 (e) Each Bank (including, without limitation, each Transferee) shall represent that (i) it is neither an individual resident in a Member State of the European Union or in certain of the territories dependent on or associated with certain Member States (i.e., Aruba, the British Virgin Islands, Cura ao, Guernsey, the Isle of Man, Jersey, Montserrat and Sint Maarten), nor a person charged with collecting the payments derived from the Loans on behalf of such an individual and (ii) it is not an entity established in a Member State of the European Union or in one of the aforementioned territories dependent on or associated with certain Member States or, when it is such an entity, that (A) it is an entity with legal personality under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, organization or formation other than a Finnish Avoin Yhti or a Finnish Kommandiittiyhti or a Swedish Handelsbolag or a Swedish Kommanditbolag, (B) it is an entity which profits are taxed under the general rules for the taxation of enterprises applicable in the jurisdiction in which it is a resident or deemed to be a resident, (C) it is a UCITS (undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities) authorized under the EC Directive 85/611/EEC or (D) none of its members are individuals resident in a Member State of the European Union or the abovementioned territories dependent on or associated with certain Member States; provided , however , that any Bank that is or becomes unable to make such representation shall promptly deliver notice of such inability to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (such Bank a Non-Qualifying Bank ). 
 (f) If a payment made to a Bank under this Agreement would be subject to United States federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Bank were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including, without limitation, those contained in Section 1471(b) or 

54 

1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Bank shall deliver to the relevant Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by applicable law and at such time or times reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including, without limitation, as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for such Borrower or the Administrative Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA, to determine that such Bank has or has not complied with such Bank s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (f), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 (g) To the extent that, as determined by the Administrative Agent, or any Bank in its sole discretion and without any obligation to disclose its tax records, Indemnified Taxes have been irrevocably utilized by the Administrative Agent, or such Bank (either as credits or deductions) to reduce its tax liabilities and such utilization is consistent with its overall tax policies, the Administrative Agent, or such Bank shall pay to the relevant Borrower, an amount equal to such reduction obtained to the extent of such increased amounts paid by such Borrower to the Administrative Agent, or such Bank as aforesaid; provided, that such Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, or such Bank, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent, or such Bank in the event such Governmental Authority determines that the Administrative Agent or such Bank was not entitled to such credit or deduction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will any indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such tax had never been paid. 
 The obligations of the parties under this subsection 2.17 shall survive termination of this Agreement, payment of the Loans and termination of the Letters of Credit. 2.18 Confirmations . The Administrative Agent shall, within 15 days following the last day of each calendar quarter (each such period being a Report Period ), furnish to the Borrowers a written account with respect to all amounts outstanding under the Loan Accounts as at the last day of such Report Period, including an accounting setting forth, for such Report Period the amounts of principal, interest and other sums paid and payable hereunder. The Borrowers shall, within 15 days following receipt of such written account, notify the Administrative Agent of any discrepancies between such written account and the Borrowers records or, if no such discrepancies exist, furnish written confirmation to the Administrative Agent of the accuracy of such written account. Upon any Bank s request, the Administrative Agent shall furnish to each Bank a copy of such written account together with the Borrowers response thereto. 
 2.19 Replacement of Cancelled Banks . The Borrowers may designate one or more financial institutions to act as a Bank hereunder in place of any Cancelled Bank, and upon the Borrowers, each such financial institution and the Administrative Agent executing a writing substantially in the form of Exhibit L, such financial institution shall become and be a Bank hereunder with all the rights and obligations it would have had if it had been named on the signature pages hereof, and having for all such financial institutions an aggregate Commitment no greater than the whole, or such cancelled part, of the Commitment of the Cancelled Bank in place of which such financial institutions were designated; provided , however , that all rights and obligations of such Cancelled Bank relating to the Loans made by such Cancelled Bank that are outstanding on the date of such cancellation shall be the rights and 

55 

obligations of such Cancelled Bank and not of any such financial institution. The Administrative Agent shall execute any such writing presented to it and shall notify the Banks of the execution thereof, the name of the financial institution executing such writing and the amount of its Commitment. 2.20 Commitment Increases . (a) At any time after the Closing Date, provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrowers may request an increase of the aggregate Commitments by notice to the Administrative Agent in writing of the amount (the Offered Increase Amount of such proposed increase (such notice, a Commitment Increase Notice ). Any such Commitment Increase Notice must offer each Bank the opportunity to subscribe for its pro rata share of the increased Commitments; provided, however, the Borrowers may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), without offering to each Bank the opportunity to subscribe for its pro rata share of the increased Commitments, offer to any existing Bank or any bank or other financial institution that is not an existing Bank the opportunity to provide a new Commitment pursuant to paragraph (b) below if the aggregate amount of all Commitments made hereunder pursuant to this proviso which will be in effect when such new Commitment becomes effective does not exceed 500,000,000 subject to subsection 2.20(f). If any portion of the increased Commitments offered to the Banks as contemplated in the immediately preceding sentence is not subscribed for by the Banks, the Borrowers may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent as to any bank or financial institution that is not at such time a Bank (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), offer to any existing Bank or to one or more additional banks or financial institutions the opportunity to provide all or a portion of such unsubscribed portion of the increased Commitments pursuant to paragraph (b) below. No Bank has an obligation to increase its Commitment pursuant to this subsection 2.20 except in its sole discretion. 
 (b) Any additional bank or financial institution that the Borrowers select to offer the opportunity to provide any portion of the increased Commitments, and that elects to become a party to this Agreement and provide a Commitment, shall execute a New Bank Supplement with the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit N (a New Bank Supplement ), whereupon such bank or financial institution (a New Bank shall become a Bank for all purposes and to the same extent as if originally a party hereto and shall be bound by and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement, and Schedule II shall be deemed to be amended to add the name and Commitment of such New Bank, provided that the Commitment of any such New Bank shall be in an amount not less than 10,000,000. 
 (c) Any Bank that accepts an offer to it by the Borrowers to increase its Commitment pursuant to this subsection 2.20 shall, in each case, execute a Commitment Increase Supplement with the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit O (a Commitment Increase Supplement ), whereupon such Bank (an Increasing Bank shall be bound by and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement with respect to the full amount of its Commitment as so increased, and Schedule II shall be deemed to be amended to so increase the Commitment of such Bank. 
 (d) The effectiveness of any New Bank Supplement or Commitment Increase Supplement shall be contingent upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of such corporate resolutions of the Borrowers and legal opinions of counsel to the Borrowers as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request with respect thereto. 
 (e) (i) Except as otherwise provided in subparagraphs (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph (e), if any bank or financial institution becomes a New Bank pursuant to subsection 2.20(b) or any Bank s Commitment is increased pursuant to subsection 2.20(c), additional Committed Rate Loans made on or after the date of the effectiveness thereof (the Re-Allocation Date shall be made in accordance with the pro rata provisions of subsection 2.12(b) based on the Commitment Percentages in effect on and after 

56 

such Re-Allocation Date (except to the extent that any such pro rata borrowings would result in any Bank making an aggregate principal amount of Committed Rate Loans in excess of its Commitment, in which case such excess amount will be allocated to, and made by, the relevant New Banks and Increasing Banks to the extent of, and in accordance with the pro rata provisions of subsection 2.12(b) based on, their respective Commitments). On each Re-Allocation Date, the Administrative Agent shall deliver such amended Schedule II and a notice to each Bank of the adjusted Commitment Percentages after giving effect to any increase in the aggregate Commitments made pursuant to this subsection 2.20 on such Re-Allocation Date. 
 (ii) In the event that on any such Re-Allocation Date there is an unpaid principal amount of ABR Loans, the applicable Borrower shall make prepayments thereof and one or both Borrowers shall make borrowings of ABR Loans , SONIA Loans and/or Eurocurrency Loans, as the applicable Borrower shall determine, so that, after giving effect thereto, the ABR Loans , SONIA Loans and Eurocurrency Loans outstanding are held as nearly as may be in accordance with the pro rata provisions of subsection 2.12(b) based on such new Commitment Percentages. In addition, on each Re-Allocation Date, participating interests in then outstanding Letters of Credit shall be adjusted to reflect the new Commitment Percentages. 
 (iii) In the event that on any such Re-Allocation Date there is an unpaid principal amount of Eurocurrency Loans, such Eurocurrency Loans shall remain outstanding with the respective holders thereof until the expiration of their respective Interest Periods (unless the applicable Borrower elects to prepay any thereof in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement), and on the last day of the respective Interest Periods the applicable Borrower shall make prepayments thereof and one or both Borrowers shall make borrowings of ABR Loans and/or Eurocurrency Loans so that, after giving effect thereto, the ABR Loans and Eurocurrency Loans outstanding are held as nearly as may be in accordance with the pro rata provisions of subsection 2.12(b) based on such new Commitment Percentages. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection 2.20, (i) in no event shall any transaction effected pursuant to this subsection 2.20 cause the aggregate Commitments to exceed 3,000,000,000, (ii) the Commitment of an individual Bank shall not, as a result of providing a new Commitment or of increasing its existing Commitment pursuant to this subsection 2.20, exceed 15 of the aggregate Commitments on any Re-Allocation Date and (iii) no Bank shall have any obligation to increase its Commitment unless it agrees to do so in its sole discretion. 
 (g) The Borrowers, at their own expense, shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent in exchange for the surrendered Notes of any Bank, if any, new Notes to such Bank and its registered assigns, if requested, in an amount equal to the Commitment of such Bank after giving effect to any increase in such Bank s Commitment. 
 2.21 [ Reserved ] . 
 2.22 [ Reserved ] . 
 2.23 Defaulting Banks . (a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Bank becomes a Defaulting Bank, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Bank is a Defaulting Bank: 

57 

(b) fees shall cease to accrue on the Available Commitment of such Defaulting Bank pursuant to subsection 2.4(a); 
 (c) the Commitment and Loans of such Defaulting Bank shall not be included in determining whether all Banks, the Majority Banks or the Required Banks have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment or waiver pursuant to subsection 10.1); provided that any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Banks or each affected Bank which affects such Defaulting Bank differently than other affected Banks shall require the consent of such Defaulting Bank ; and 
 (d) if any L/C Obligations exist at the time a Bank becomes a Defaulting Bank then: 
 (i) all or any part of such L/C Obligations shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Banks in accordance with their respective Commitment Percentages but only to the extent the sum of all non-Defaulting Banks Loans plus non-Defaulting Banks L/C Obligations plus such Defaulting Bank s Commitment Percentage of the L/C Obligations does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Banks Commitments and, in the case of each non-Defaulting Bank and after giving effect to such reallocation, the Loans and L/C Obligations of any such non-Defaulting Bank do not exceed such non-Defaulting Bank s Commitment; 
 (ii) if (w) the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, then upon the written request of any Issuing Bank, the applicable Borrower shall deposit, within five Business Days after its receipt of such request, in a cash collateral account opened by the Administrative Agent, cash in an amount requested in such notice, such amount not to exceed such Defaulting Bank s Commitment Percentage of the L/C Obligations at the time of such request attributable to the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank for the account of such Borrower; 
 (iii) amounts deposited pursuant to clause (ii) above at the request of any Issuing Bank shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse such Issuing Bank for any participations required to be funded by such Defaulting Bank; 
 (iv) to the extent the Borrowers cash collateralize any portion of such Defaulting Bank s L/C Obligations pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any Letter of Credit fees pursuant to subsection 2.26(c) to such Defaulting Bank with respect to such Defaulting Bank s L/C Obligations during the period such Defaulting Bank s L/C Obligations are cash collateralized; 
 (v) if such Defaulting Bank s L/C Obligations are reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the Letter of Credit fees payable to the Banks shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Banks Commitment Percentages; 
 (e) so long as any Bank is a Defaulting Bank, no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure will be 100 covered by the non-Defaulting Banks and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Company in 

58 

accordance with subsection 2.23(d), and participating interests in any such newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Banks in a manner consistent with subsection 2.26(d)(i) (and Defaulting Banks shall not participate therein); 
 (f) any amount payable to such Defaulting Bank hereunder (whether on account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise and including any amount that would otherwise be payable to such Defaulting Bank pursuant to subsection 10.6 but excluding subsection 2.19) shall, in lieu of being distributed to such Defaulting Bank, be retained by the Administrative Agent in a segregated account and, subject to any applicable requirements of law, be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent, in the following order of priority: (i) first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Bank to the Administrative Agent hereunder, (ii) second, to payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Bank to an Issuing Bank, (iii) third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent or requested by an Issuing Bank, held in such account as cash collateral for future funding obligations of the Defaulting Bank in respect of any existing or future participating interest in any Letter of Credit, (iv) fourth, to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Bank has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement and (v) fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, held in such account as cash collateral for future funding obligations of the Defaulting Bank in respect of any Loans under this Agreement. 
 The rights and remedies against a Defaulting Bank under this subsection 2.23 are in addition to other rights and remedies that the Borrowers may have against such Defaulting Bank. In the event and on the date that the Administrative Agent, the Company and the Issuing Banks each agree that a Defaulting Bank has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Bank to be a Defaulting Bank, then the L/C Obligations of the Banks shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Bank s Commitment and on such date such Bank shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Banks (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Bank to hold such Loans in accordance with its Commitment Percentage and such Bank shall no longer be a Defaulting Bank; provided , that subject to subsection 10.15, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Bank arising from that Bank having become a Defaulting Bank, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Bank as a result of such Non-Defaulting Bank s increased exposure following such reallocation. 2.24 Judgment Currency . (a) If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum owing hereunder in one currency into another currency, each party hereto agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction, the first currency could be purchased with such other currency on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which final judgment is given. 
 (b) The obligations of the Borrowers in respect of any sum due to any party hereto or any holder of the obligations owing hereunder (the Applicable Creditor shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than the currency in which such sum is stated to be due hereunder (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day following receipt by the Applicable Creditor of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Applicable Creditor may in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency; if the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Applicable Creditor in the Agreement Currency, the Borrowers as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, agrees to indemnify the Applicable Creditor against such loss. The obligations of the Borrowers contained in this subsection 2.24 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all other amounts owing hereunder. 

59 

2.25 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate . (a) No later than 1:00 P.M., London time, on each Calculation Date with respect to a Foreign Currency, the Foreign Currency Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate as of such Calculation Date with respect to such Foreign Currency (it being acknowledged and agreed that the Foreign Currency Agent shall use such Exchange Rate for the purposes of determining compliance with subsection 2.1 with respect to such borrowing request). The Exchange Rates so determined shall become effective on the relevant Calculation Date, shall remain effective until the next succeeding Calculation Date and shall for all purposes of this Agreement (other than subsection 2.13(e) and subsection 2.24(a)) be the Exchange Rates employed in converting any amounts between Dollars and Foreign Currencies. 
 (b) No later than 5:00 P.M., London time, on each Calculation Date, the Foreign Currency Agent shall determine the aggregate amount of the Dollar Equivalents of the principal amounts of the Foreign Currency Loans then outstanding (after giving effect to any Foreign Currency Loans to be made or repaid on such date). 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrowers of each determination of an Exchange Rate hereunder. 
 2.26 Letters of Credit . (a) L/C Obligations. i) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Issuing Bank, in reliance on the agreements of the other Banks set forth in subsection 2.26(d)(i), agrees to issue letters of credit Letters of Credit for the account of the Company or the Capital Corporation on any Business Day during the Commitment Period in such form as may be approved from time to time by such Issuing Bank; provided that such Issuing Bank shall not issue any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect to such issuance, (A) the L/C Obligations would exceed the L/C Commitment, (B) the Total Extensions of Credit would be greater than the Total Commitments, (C) the aggregate L/C Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank would exceed such Issuing Bank s Issuing Bank L/C Commitment or (D) the Committed Extensions of Credit of such Issuing Bank (including in its capacity as a lender of Committed Rate Loans) would exceed its Commitment (it being understood that (a) rollovers and renewals of Letters of Credit and amendments which do not increase the drawable amount of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed not to be issuances for purposes of the preceding proviso and (b) the proviso will not be violated if Total Extensions of Credit exceed Total Commitments or an Issuing Bank s Committed Extensions of Credit exceed its Commitment, in each case as a result of changes in Exchange Rates). Each Letter of Credit shall (1) be denominated in Dollars, and (2) expire no later than the earlier of (x) the first anniversary of its date of issuance and (y) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Termination Date, provided that any Letter of Credit with a one-year term may provide for the automatic renewal thereof for additional one-year periods (which shall in no event extend beyond the date referred to in clause (y) above). 
 (i) An Issuing Bank shall not at any time be obligated to issue any Letter of Credit if such issuance would conflict with, or cause such Issuing Bank or any L/C Participant to exceed any limits imposed by, any applicable Requirement of Law. 
 (ii) Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to be Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement on the Closing Date. 
 (b) Procedure for Issuance of Letter of Credit . Each of the Company and Capital Corporation may from time to time request that an Issuing Bank issue a Letter of Credit by delivering to such Issuing Bank at its address for notices specified herein an Application therefor, currently used by the applicable Issuing Bank, completed to the reasonable satisfaction of such Issuing Bank, and such other certificates, documents and other papers and information as such Issuing Bank may reasonably request. 

60 

Upon receipt of any Application, such Issuing Bank will process such Application and the certificates, documents and other papers and information delivered to it in connection therewith in accordance with its reasonable customary procedures and shall promptly issue the Letter of Credit requested thereby (but in no event shall such Issuing Bank be required to issue any Letter of Credit earlier than three Business Days after its receipt of the Application therefor and all such other certificates, documents and other papers and information relating thereto) by issuing the original of such Letter of Credit to the beneficiary thereof or as otherwise may be agreed to by such Issuing Bank and such Borrower. An Issuing Bank shall furnish a copy of such Letter of Credit to the applicable Borrower promptly following the issuance thereof. An Issuing Bank shall promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, which shall in turn promptly furnish to the Banks, notice of the issuance of each Letter of Credit (including the amount thereof). 
 (c) Fees and Other Charges . (i) Each Borrower will pay a fee on all outstanding Letters of Credit issued for its account at a per annum rate equal to the Letter of Credit Fee, shared ratably among the Banks and payable quarterly in arrears on the first Business Day of each January, April, July and October of each year after the issuance date and on the Termination Date or such earlier date on which the Commitments shall terminate as provided herein. In addition, each Borrower shall pay to an Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee in an amount not to exceed 0.125 per annum (or such other amount as may be agreed between each Borrower and such Issuing Bank), on the undrawn and unexpired amount of each Letter of Credit, payable quarterly in arrears on each date on which the Letter of Credit Fee is payable. 
 (ii) In addition to the foregoing fees, each Borrower shall pay or reimburse each Issuing Bank for such normal and customary costs and expenses as are incurred or charged by such Issuing Bank in issuing, negotiating, effecting payment under, amending or otherwise administering any Letter of Credit issued for such Borrower s account. 
 (d) L/C Participations . (i) Each Issuing Bank irrevocably agrees to grant and hereby grants to each L/C Participant, and, to induce each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit, each L/C Participant irrevocably agrees to accept and purchase and hereby accepts and purchases from the applicable Issuing Bank, on the terms and conditions set forth below, for such L/C Participant s own account and risk an undivided interest equal to such L/C Participant s Commitment Percentage in such Issuing Bank s obligations and rights under and in respect of each Letter of Credit and the amount of each draft paid by such Issuing Bank thereunder. Each L/C Participant agrees with such Issuing Bank that, if a draft is paid under any Letter of Credit for which such Issuing Bank is not reimbursed in full by the Borrowers in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such L/C Participant shall pay to such Issuing Bank upon demand at such Issuing Bank s address for notices specified herein an amount equal to such L/C Participant s Commitment Percentage of the amount of such draft, or any part thereof, that is not so reimbursed. Each L/C Participant s obligation to pay such amount shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (i) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such L/C Participant may have against any Issuing Bank, the Borrowers or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or an Event of Default or the failure to satisfy any of the other conditions specified in Section 4, (iii) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrowers, (iv) any breach of this Agreement by the Borrowers or any other L/C Participant or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 
 (ii) If any amount required to be paid by any L/C Participant to an Issuing Bank pursuant to subsection 2.26(d)(i) in respect of any unreimbursed portion of any payment made by such Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit is paid to such Issuing Bank within three Business Days after the date such payment is due, such L/C Participant shall pay to such Issuing Bank on demand an amount equal to the product of i such amount, times ii the daily average applicable 

61 

Overnight Rate during the period from and including the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such Issuing Bank, times iii) a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse during such period and the denominator of which is 360. If any such amount required to be paid by any L/C Participant pursuant to subsection 2.26(d)(i) is not made available to such Issuing Bank by such L/C Participant within three Business Days after the date such payment is due, such Issuing Bank shall be entitled to recover from such L/C Participant, on demand, such amount with interest thereon calculated from such due date at the rate per annum applicable to ABR Loans. A certificate of the applicable Issuing Bank submitted to any L/C Participant with respect to any amounts owing under this subsection shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 
 (iii) Whenever, at any time after an Issuing Bank has made payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any L/C Participant its pro rata share of such payment in accordance with subsection 2.26(d)(i), such Issuing Bank receives any payment related to such Letter of Credit (whether directly from the Borrowers or otherwise, including proceeds of collateral applied thereto by such Issuing Bank), or any payment of interest on account thereof, such Issuing Bank will distribute to such L/C Participant its pro rata share thereof; provided , however , that in the event that any such payment received by such Issuing Bank shall be required to be returned by such Issuing Bank, such L/C Participant shall return to such Issuing Bank the portion thereof previously distributed by such Issuing Bank to it. 
 (iv) Upon any cancellation of the Commitment of a Bank pursuant to subsection 2.13, 2.16 or 2.17, any replacement of a Cancelled Bank pursuant to subsection 2.19 or any increase in the Commitments pursuant to subsection 2.20, the participating interests in then outstanding Letters of Credit shall be re-allocated among the Banks to give effect to their respective Commitment Percentages as in effect after such cancellation, replacement or increase, and payment of fees payable pursuant to subsection 2.26(c) shall be made so as to give effect to such reallocation. 
 (e) Reimbursement Obligation of the Borrowers . If any draft is paid under any Letter of Credit, the Borrower for whose account such Letter of Credit was issued shall reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for the amount of (a) the draft so paid and (b) any taxes (other than non-Indemnified Taxes), fees, charges or other costs or expenses incurred by such Issuing Bank in connection with such payment, not later than 12:00 Noon, Local Time, on the second Business Day following the Business Day that such Borrower receives notice of such draft. Each such payment shall be made to such Issuing Bank at its address for notices referred to herein in Dollars and in immediately available funds. Interest shall be payable on any such amounts from the date on which the relevant draft is paid until payment in full is made by the Borrower at the rate set forth in (x) subsection 2.8(b), until the second Business Day next succeeding the date of the relevant notice and (y) subsection 2.8(c), thereafter. 
 (f) Obligations Absolute . The obligations of the Borrowers under this subsection 2.26 shall be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances and irrespective of any setoff, counterclaim or defense to payment that such Borrowers may have or have had against an Issuing Bank, any beneficiary of a Letter of Credit or any other Person. The Borrowers also agree with each Issuing Bank that such Issuing Bank shall not be responsible for, and the Reimbursement Obligations of the Borrowers under subsection 2.26(e) shall not be affected by, among other things, the validity or genuineness of documents or of any endorsements thereon, even though such documents shall in fact prove to be invalid, fraudulent or forged, or any dispute between or among the Borrowers and any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any other party to which such Letter of Credit may be transferred or any claims whatsoever of the Borrowers against any beneficiary of such Letter of Credit or any such transferee. No Issuing Bank shall be liable for any error, omission, interruption or delay in transmission, 

62 

dispatch or delivery of any message or advice, however transmitted, in connection with any Letter of Credit, except for errors or omissions found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Issuing Bank. The Borrowers agree that any action taken or omitted by an Issuing Bank under or in connection with any Letter of Credit or the related drafts or documents, if done in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct, shall be binding on the Borrowers and shall not result in any liability of such Issuing Bank to the Borrowers. 
 (g) Letter of Credit Payments . If any draft or drawing request shall be presented for payment under any Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower for whose account such Letter of Credit was issued of the date and amount thereof. The responsibility of an Issuing Bank to the Borrowers in connection with any draft presented for payment under any Letter of Credit shall, in addition to any payment obligation expressly provided for in such Letter of Credit, be limited to determining that the documents (including each draft or drawing request, if presentation of draft or drawing request is called for) delivered under such Letter of Credit in connection with such presentment are substantially in conformity with such Letter of Credit. 
 (h) Applications . To the extent that any provision of any Application related to any Letter of Credit is inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall apply. 
 (i) Applicability of ISP and UCP. Unless otherwise expressly agreed to by the relevant Issuing Bank and the relevant Borrower, when a Letter of Credit is issued (a) the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit and (b) the rules of the UCP shall apply to each commercial Letter of Credit. 
 2.27 Capital Corporation Guaranty . In order to induce the Banks to make Loans to JD Luxembourg, the Capital Corporation hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Banks and their respective successors, indorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and complete payment by JD Luxembourg when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Luxembourg Obligations. 
 The Capital Corporation waives promptness, diligence, presentment to, demand of payment from and protest to JD Luxembourg of any Luxembourg Obligations, and also waives notice of acceptance of its obligations and notice of protest for nonpayment. The obligations of the Capital Corporation hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional and not be affected by (a) the failure of any Bank or the Administrative Agent to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against JD Luxembourg under the provisions of this Agreement or otherwise; (b) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement; (c) the failure of any Bank to exercise any right or remedy against JD Luxembourg; (d) the invalidity or unenforceability of this Agreement; or (e) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense available to or discharge of JD Luxembourg (other than payment). The Capital Corporation further agrees that its agreement hereunder constitutes a promise of payment when due and not of collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by any Bank to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of any Bank in favor of JD Luxembourg or any other Person. The obligations of the Capital Corporation hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason, and shall not be subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever, by reason of the invalidity, illegality or 

63 

unenforceability of the Luxembourg Obligations or otherwise. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the obligations of the Capital Corporation hereunder shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Bank to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy under this Agreement or any other agreement, by any waiver or modification in respect of any thereof, by any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of the Luxembourg Obligations, or by any other act or omission which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of the Capital Corporation or otherwise operate as a discharge of the Capital Corporation as a matter of law or equity. The Capital Corporation further agrees that its obligations hereunder shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of principal of or interest on any Luxembourg Obligation is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by the Administrative Agent or any Bank upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of JD Luxembourg or otherwise. In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right which the Administrative Agent or any Bank may have at law or in equity against the Capital Corporation by virtue hereof, upon the failure of JD Luxembourg to pay any Luxembourg Obligation when and as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, after notice of prepayment or otherwise, the Capital Corporation hereby promises to and will, upon receipt of written demand by the Administrative Agent, forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, in cash the amount of such unpaid Luxembourg Obligation. In the event that, by reason of the bankruptcy of JD Luxembourg, (i) acceleration of Loans made to JD Luxembourg is prevented and (ii) the Capital Corporation shall not have prepaid the outstanding Loans and other amounts due hereunder owed by JD Luxembourg, the Capital Corporation will forthwith purchase such Loans at a price equal to the principal amount thereof plus accrued interest thereon and any other amounts due hereunder with respect thereto. The Capital Corporation further agrees that if payment in respect of any Luxembourg Obligation shall be due in a currency other than Dollars and/or at a place of payment other than New York and if, by reason of any change in law, disruption of currency or foreign exchange markets, war or civil disturbance or similar event, payment of such Luxembourg Obligation in such currency or such place of payment shall be impossible or, in the reasonable judgment of any applicable Bank, not consistent with the protection of its rights or interests, then, at the election of any applicable Bank, the Capital Corporation shall make payment of such Luxembourg Obligation in Dollars (based upon the applicable Exchange Rate in effect on the date of payment) and/or in New York. Notwithstanding any payment made by the Capital Corporation hereunder or any set-off or application of funds of the Capital Corporation by the Administrative Agent or any Bank, the Capital Corporation shall not be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rights of the Administrative Agent or any Bank against JD Luxembourg or any guarantee or right of offset held by the Administrative Agent or any Bank for the payment of the Luxembourg Obligations, until all amounts owing to the Administrative Agent and the Banks by JD Luxembourg on account of the Luxembourg Obligations are paid in full in cash. If any amount shall be paid to the Capital Corporation on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all of the Luxembourg Obligations shall not have been paid in full in cash, such amount shall be held by the Capital Corporation in trust for the Administrative Agent and the Banks, segregated from its other funds, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by it, be turned over to the Administrative Agent in the exact form received by it (duly indorsed by it to the Administrative Agent, if required), to be applied against the Luxembourg Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in such order as the Administrative Agent may determine. 

64 

SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Each Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and to each Bank that: 3.1 Financial Condition . The consolidated balance sheet of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of November 1, 2020 and the related consolidated statements of income and of cash flow for the fiscal year then ended (including the related schedules and notes) reported on by Deloitte Touche LLP, copies of which have heretofore been furnished to each Bank, fairly present the consolidated financial condition of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at such date, and the consolidated results of their operations and changes in financial position for the fiscal year then ended. All such financial statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applied consistently throughout the periods involved (except as approved by such accountants or Responsible Officer, as the case may be, and as disclosed therein). 
 3.2 Corporate Existence . Such Borrower is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the corporate power and authority to own its properties and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged. 
 3.3 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations . Such Borrower has the corporate power and authority and the legal right to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and to borrow hereunder and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize its borrowings on the terms and conditions of this Agreement and to authorize its execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. No consent or authorization of, filing with, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority, is required in connection with the borrowings hereunder or with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement other than any such consents, authorizations, filings or acts as have been obtained, taken or made and are in full force and effect. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Borrower, and this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Borrower enforceable against such Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equity principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 
 3.4 No Legal Bar . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the issuance of the Letters of Credit, the borrowings hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof, will not violate any Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of such Borrower, and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any lien on any of its properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation. 
 3.5 No Material Litigation . No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of such Borrower, threatened by or against such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of its or their respective properties or revenues except actions, suits or proceedings which will not materially adversely affect the ability of such Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder. All of the defaults, if any, of such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any order of any Governmental Authority do not, and will not collectively, have a material adverse effect on the business, operations, property or financial condition of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
 3.6 Taxes . Each of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed all tax returns which, to the knowledge of such Borrower, are required to be filed (except where the failure to 

65 

file such tax returns would not have a material adverse effect on the business, operations, property or financial condition of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole), and has paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns or on any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than assessments, taxes, fees and other charges the amount or validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of such Borrower or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be). 3.7 Margin Regulations . No part of the proceeds of any Loan hereunder will be used for any purpose which violates the provisions of Regulation U of the Board as now and from time to time hereafter in effect. 
 3.8 Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Loans will be used by such Borrower for its general corporate purposes, which shall include, but shall not be limited to, any purchase or other acquisition of all or a portion of the debt or stock or other evidences of ownership of such Borrower or the assets or stock or other evidences of ownership of any other Person or Persons. 
 3.9 Sanctions Laws and Regulations . None of the Borrowers or their respective Subsidiaries is a Designated Person, nor, to the best of each Borrower s knowledge, are any of its directors or officers or any directors or officers of its Subsidiaries. Each of the Borrowers and their employees is subject to a Code of Business Conduct (the Code of Conduct which is in full force and effect on the date hereof. Among the commitments in the Code of Conduct is the commitment that each of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, and their respective employees, comply with international trade, export control, and import laws in the sale of products including export controls. The Code of Conduct also applies to Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions Laws and Regulations. The Code of Conduct will apply to all activities undertaken by each Borrower and each of their Subsidiaries, including any use of the proceeds of this Agreement. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries will directly or to its knowledge indirectly use the proceeds of the Loans or the Letters of Credit in violation of any Sanctions Laws and Regulations or any Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 3.10 Beneficial Ownership Certification . As of the Closing Date, to the knowledge of such Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Closing Date to any Bank in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all material respects. 
 SECTION 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 4.1 Conditions to Initial Extensions of Credit . The obligation of each Bank to make its initial Loan and of each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
 (a) Counterparts . The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof, executed by all of the parties hereto (which, subject to subsection 10.8, may include any Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page). 
 (b) Resolutions . The Administrative Agent shall have received, with a counterpart for each Bank, resolutions, certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each Borrower (or in the case of JD Luxembourg, a certificate of directors of JD Luxembourg), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, adopted by the Board of Directors of such Borrower authorizing the 

66 

execution of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder and any borrowings hereunder from time to time. 
 (c) Legal Opinions . The Administrative Agent shall have received, with a counterpart for each Bank, an opinion of Mary K.W. Jones, Esq., or her successor as General Counsel of the Company, an associate general counsel of the Company, or any other legal counsel of the Company reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Banks, substantially in the form of Exhibit G, and an opinion of Kirkland Ellis LLP, special counsel to the Borrowers, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Banks, substantially in the form of Exhibit H. Such opinions shall also cover such other matters incident to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably require. 
 (d) Incumbency Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received, with a counterpart for each Bank, a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each Borrower (or in the case of JD Luxembourg, a certificate signed by two directors of JD Luxembourg) certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of such Borrower authorized to sign this Agreement, together with evidence of the incumbency of such Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or in the case of JD Luxembourg, of such directors). 
 (e) Termination of Existing Credit Agreements . The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to it that the commitment of each financial institution to make loans pursuant to (i) the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2020, among the Company, the Capital Corporation, JD Luxembourg, the lenders parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, (ii) the 2,500,000,000 2024 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2020 (the Existing Credit Agreement ), among the Company, the Capital Corporation, JD Luxembourg, the lenders parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent and (iii) the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2020, among the Company, the Capital Corporation, JD Luxembourg, the lenders parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, shall have been terminated in full and the outstanding principal amount of the indebtedness thereunder and all other amounts owing to any bank thereunder shall have been repaid or paid by the Borrowers. 
 (f) No Material Adverse Change Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, with a counterpart for each Bank, a certificate of a Responsible Officer for each of the Company and the Capital Corporation dated the date of this Agreement certifying that since November 1, 2020, at the date of such certificate there has been no material adverse change in the business, property, operations or financial condition of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
 (g) Fees . The Administrative Agent shall have received, for the accounts of the Banks and the Administrative Agent, and each Agent shall have received, for the account of such Agent, all accrued fees and expenses owing hereunder or in connection herewith to the Banks and the Agents to be received on the Closing Date. 
 (h) Beneficial Ownership Certification. To the extent any Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least three days prior to the Closing Date, any Bank that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrowers at least 10 days prior to the Closing Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial 

67 

Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Bank of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this subsection 4.1(h) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 
 (i) Additional Matters . All other documents which the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 
 4.2 Conditions to All Extensions of Credit . The obligation of each Bank to make Loans and of each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit or increase the drawable amount thereof (which shall include the initial Loan to be made by it hereunder but shall not include any Loan made pursuant to subsection 2.20(e)(ii) or (iii) if, after the making of such Loan and the application of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Committed Rate Loans would not be increased) to be made by it hereunder on any Borrowing Date is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
 (a) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties made by the Borrowers herein or which are contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished by any Borrower at any time hereunder or in connection herewith (other than any representations and warranties which by the terms of such certificate, document or financial or other statement do not survive the execution of this Agreement) shall be correct on and as of the date of such Loan, the date of such issuance of such Letter of Credit or the date of increase in the drawable amount of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, as if made on and as of such date except as such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date. 
 (b) No Default or Event of Default . No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date or after giving effect to such Loan, the issuance of such Letter of Credit or the increase in the drawable amount of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, to be made on such date and the application of the proceeds thereof. 
 (c) Additional Conditions to Bid Loans . If such Loan is made pursuant to subsection 2.2, all conditions set forth in subsection 2.2(f) shall have been satisfied. 
 Each acceptance by any Borrower of a Loan, each issuance of a Letter of Credit and each increase in the drawable amount of any Letter of Credit for the account of a Borrower, shall constitute a representation and warranty by the relevant Borrower as of the date of such Loan, the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit or the date of increase in the drawable amount of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, that the applicable conditions in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of this subsection 4.2 have been satisfied. SECTION 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS Each of the Borrowers (except as otherwise specified) hereby agrees that, so long as there is any obligation by any Bank to make Loans to it hereunder, any obligation of an Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, any Loan of such Borrower remains outstanding and unpaid, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding or any other amount is owing by such Borrower to any Bank, any Issuing Bank or any Agent hereunder (unless the Majority Banks shall otherwise consent in writing): 5.1 Financial Statements . Such Borrower (other than, with respect to clause (b) below, JD Luxembourg) shall furnish to each Bank: 

68 

(a) as soon as available, but in any event within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of such Borrower, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related consolidated statements of income and of cash flow for such year, reported on by (i) in the case of the Company and the Capital Corporation, Deloitte Touche LLP or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing in the United States and (ii) in the case of JD Luxembourg, Deloitte Touche LLP or other independent certified public accountants of recognized standing in Luxembourg or the European Union; and 
 (b) as soon as available, but in any event not later than 60 days after the end of each of the first three quarterly periods of each fiscal year of such Borrower, the condensed unaudited consolidated balance sheet of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of each such quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statement of income of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such quarterly period and the portion of the fiscal year through such date, certified by a Responsible Officer of such Borrower (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments). 
 All such financial statements described in clause (a) or (b) above shall present fairly the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries and be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (or, in the case of any such financial statements furnished by JD Luxembourg, international financial reporting standards in effect from time to time as applicable to JD Luxembourg, or such other accounting standards required by any applicable Luxembourg Governmental Authority) applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein (except as approved by such accountants or officer, as the case may be, and disclosed therein). The Company and the Capital Corporation shall be deemed to have furnished such financial statements to each Bank when they are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and posted on its EDGAR system, and JD Luxembourg shall be deemed to have furnished such financial statements to each Bank when they are delivered to the Administrative Agent via electronic mail or other electronic transmission. 5.2 Certificates; Other Information . Such Borrower (other than, with respect to clause (a) below, JD Luxembourg) shall furnish to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall make available to each Bank: 
 (a) within 10 days of the delivery of the financial statements referred to in subsections 5.1(a) and (b) above (or, if such financial statements are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and posted on its EDGAR system, within 10 days of the posting of such financial statements on the EDGAR system), a certificate of a Responsible Officer of such Borrower stating that (i) he has no knowledge of the occurrence and continuance of any Default or Event of Default except as specified in such certificate, in which case such certificate shall contain a description thereof and a statement of the steps, if any, which such Borrower is taking, or proposes to take, to cure the same and (ii) the financial statements delivered pursuant to subsection 5.1 would not be materially different if prepared in accordance with GAAP except as specified in such certificate; and 
 (b) promptly, such additional financial and other information as any Bank may from time to time reasonably request. 
 5.3 Company Indenture Documents . The Company shall, contemporaneously with the delivery thereof to the trustee, furnish to each Bank a copy of any information, document or report required to be filed with the trustee pursuant to subsection 7.03 of the Indenture dated as of September 25, 

69 

2008 between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee. The Company shall be deemed to have furnished such information, document or report to each Bank when it is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and posted on its EDGAR system. 5.4 Capital Corporation Indenture Documents . The Capital Corporation shall, contemporaneously with the delivery thereof to the trustee, furnish to each Bank a copy of any information, document or report required to be filed with the trustee pursuant to (i) Section 7.03 of the Indenture dated March 15, 1997, between the Capital Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York, successor trustee to The Chase Manhattan Bank), as trustee, as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture dated as of April 21, 2011, the second supplemental indenture dated as of April 17, 2014, and the third supplemental indenture dated as of April 7, 2017, and (ii) the Subordinated Indenture dated as of September 1, 2003, between the Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The Capital Corporation shall be deemed to have furnished such information, document or report to each Bank when it is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and posted on its EDGAR system. 
 5.5 Notice of Default . Such Borrower shall promptly give notice to the Administrative Agent of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, which notice shall be given in writing as soon as possible, and in any event within 10 days after a Responsible Officer of such Borrower obtains knowledge of such occurrence, with a description of the steps being taken to remedy the same (provided that such Borrower shall not be obligated to give notice of any Default or Event of Default which is remedied prior to or within 10 days after a Responsible Officer of such Borrower first acquires such knowledge). Upon receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. 
 5.6 Ownership of Capital Corporation and JD Luxembourg Stock . The Company shall continue to own, directly or through one or more wholly-owned Subsidiaries, free and clear of any lien or other encumbrance, 51 of the voting stock of (i) the Capital Corporation and (ii) JD Luxembourg for so long as JD Luxembourg is a Borrower hereunder; provided , however, that the Capital Corporation may merge or consolidate with, or sell or convey substantially all of its assets to, the Company as provided in subsection 7.4. 
 5.7 Employee Benefit Plans . The Company shall maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, each Plan as to which it may have liability, in compliance with all applicable requirements of law and regulations. 
 5.8 Compliance . Each of the Borrowers shall comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, in all material respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, noncompliance with which would reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect (i) the financial condition or operations of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) the ability of such Borrower to perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
 SECTION 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY The Company hereby agrees that, so long as there is any obligation by any Bank to make Loans hereunder, any obligation of an Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, any Loan remains outstanding and unpaid, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding or any other amount is owing to any Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Bank hereunder, it shall not, nor in the case of subsections 6.2 and 6.3 shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to (unless the Majority Banks shall otherwise consent in writing): 

70 

6.1 Company May Consolidate, etc., Only on Certain Terms . Consolidate with or merge with or into any other corporation or convey or transfer its properties and assets, including pursuant to a Division, substantially as an entirety to any Person, unless: 
 (a) either the Company shall be the continuing corporation, or the corporation (if other than the Company) formed by such consolidation or into which the Company is merged or the Person which acquires by conveyance, Division or transfer the properties and assets of the Company substantially as an entirety shall expressly assume, by an assumption agreement, executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent, in form satisfactory to the Majority Banks, the due and punctual payment of the principal of and interest on the Loans to the Company and the performance of every covenant of this Agreement on the part of the Company to be performed or observed; 
 (b) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default, shall have happened and be continuing; 
 (c) if as a result thereof any property or assets of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary would become subject to any Mortgage not permitted by (i) through (xii) of subsection 6.2(a) or subsection 6.2(b), compliance shall be effected with the first clause of subsection 6.2(a); and 
 (d) the Company and the successor Person have delivered to the Administrative Agent an officers certificate signed by two Responsible Officers of the Company stating that such consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer and such assumption agreement comply with this subsection 6.1 and that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction have been complied with. 
 6.2 Limitation on Liens . (a) Issue, incur, assume or guarantee any debt (hereinafter in this subsection referred to as Debt secured by any mortgage, security interest, pledge, lien or other encumbrance (hereinafter called Mortgage or Mortgages upon any Important Property, or upon any shares of stock or indebtedness issued or incurred by any Restricted Subsidiary (whether such Important Property, shares of stock or indebtedness is now owned or hereafter acquired) without in any such case effectively providing, concurrently with the issuance, incurrence, assumption or guaranty of any such Debt, that the Loans and all other amounts hereunder (together with, if the Company shall so determine, any other indebtedness of or guaranty by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary ranking equally with the Loans then existing or thereafter created) shall be secured equally and ratably with or prior to such Debt; provided, however, that the foregoing restrictions shall not apply to: 
 (i) Mortgages on any property acquired, constructed or improved by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary after the date of this Agreement which are created or assumed contemporaneously with, or within 120 days after, such acquisition, construction or improvement to secure or provide for the payment of all or any part of the purchase price of such property or the cost of such construction or improvement incurred after the date of this Agreement, or (in addition to Mortgages contemplated by clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) below) Mortgages on any property existing at the time of acquisition thereof; provided that such Mortgages shall not apply to any Important Property theretofore owned by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary other than, in the case of any such construction or improvement, any theretofore unimproved real property on which the property so constructed, or the improvement, is located; 
 (ii) Mortgages on any property, shares of stock, or indebtedness existing at the time of acquisition thereof from a corporation which 

71 

is consolidated with or merged into, or substantially all of the assets of which are acquired by, the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (iii) Mortgages on property of a corporation existing at the time such corporation becomes a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (iv) Mortgages to secure Debt of a Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or to another Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (v) Mortgages in favor of the United States of America or any State thereof, or any department, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States of America or any State thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of constructing or improving the property subject to such Mortgages and Mortgages given to secure indebtedness incurred in connection with the financing of construction of pollution control facilities, the interest on which indebtedness is exempt from income taxes under the Code; 
 (vi) any deposit or pledge of assets (1) with any surety company or clerk of any court, or in escrow, as collateral in connection with, or in lieu of, any bond on appeal from any judgment or decree against the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, or in connection with other proceedings or actions at law or in equity by or against the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, or (2) as security for the performance of any contract or undertaking not directly related to the borrowing of money or the securing of indebtedness, if made in the ordinary course of business, or (3) with any governmental agency, which deposit or pledge is required or permitted to qualify the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary to conduct business, to maintain self-insurance, or to obtain the benefits of any law pertaining to worker s compensation, unemployment insurance, old age pensions, social security, or similar matters, or (4) made in the ordinary course of business to obtain the release of mechanics , workmen s, repairmen s, warehousemen s or similar liens, or the release of property in the possession of a common carrier; 
 (vii) Mortgages existing on property acquired by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary through the exercise of rights arising out of defaults on receivables acquired in the ordinary course of business; 
 (viii) judgment liens, so long as the finality of such judgment is being contested in good faith and execution thereon is stayed; 
 (ix) Mortgages for the sole purpose of extending, renewing or replacing in whole or in part Debt secured by any Mortgage referred to in the foregoing clauses (i) to (viii), inclusive, or in this clause (ix), provided , however , that the principal amount of Debt secured thereby shall not exceed the principal amount of Debt so secured at the time of such extension, renewal or replacement, and that such extension, renewal or replacement shall be limited to all or a part of the property which secured the Mortgage so extended, renewed or replaced (plus improvements on such property); 

72 

(x) liens for taxes or assessments or governmental charges or levies not yet due or delinquent, or which can thereafter be paid without penalty, or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; landlord s liens on property held under lease; and any other liens of a nature similar to those hereinabove described in this clause (x) which do not, in the opinion of the Company, materially impair the use of such property in the operation of the business of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or the value of such property for the purposes of such business; 
 (xi) Mortgages on Margin Stock owned by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent such Margin Stock so mortgaged exceeds 25 of the fair market value of the sum of the Important Property of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries plus the shares of stock (including Margin Stock) and indebtedness issued or incurred by the Restricted Subsidiaries; and 
 (xii) Mortgages on any Important Property of, or any shares of stock or indebtedness issued or incurred by, any Restricted Subsidiary organized under the laws of Canada. 
 (b) (i) The provisions of subsection 6.2(a) shall not apply to the issuance, incurrence, assumption or guarantee by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of Debt secured by a Mortgage which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions up to an aggregate amount which, together with the sum of (A) all other Debt issued or incurred by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries secured by Mortgages (other than Mortgages permitted by subsection 6.2(a)) which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions and (B) the Attributable Debt in respect of Sale and Lease-back Transactions in existence at such time (other than Sale and Lease-back Transactions which, if the Attributable Debt in respect of such Sale and Lease-back Transaction had been a Mortgage, would have been permitted by clause (i) of subsection 6.2(a) and other than Sale and Lease-back Transactions the proceeds of which have been applied in accordance with subsection 6.3(b)) does not at the time exceed 5 of Consolidated Net Worth. 
 (ii) For purposes of this Agreement, the term Consolidated Net Worth shall mean the aggregate of capital and surplus of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries, less minority interests in Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with GAAP; and the term Attributable Debt shall mean, as of any particular time, the present value, discounted at a rate per annum equal to the interest rate set forth in the Company s 8-1/2 Debentures Due 2022, compounded semi-annually, of the obligation of a lessee for rental payments during the remaining term of any lease (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended); the net amount of rent required to be paid for any such period shall be the total amount of the rent payable by the lessee with respect to such period, but may exclude amounts required to be paid on account of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates and similar charges; and, in the case of any lease which is terminable by the lessee upon the payment of a penalty, such net amount shall also include the amount of such penalty, but no rent shall be considered as required to be paid under such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be so terminated. 

73 

(c) If, upon any consolidation or merger of any Restricted Subsidiary with or into any other corporation, or upon any consolidation or merger of any other corporation with or into the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or upon any sale or conveyance of the property of any Restricted Subsidiary as an entirety or substantially as an entirety to any other Person, or upon any acquisition by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary by purchase or otherwise of all or any part of the property of any other Person, any Important Property theretofore owned by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would thereupon become subject to any Mortgage not permitted by the terms of subsection (a) or (b) of this subsection 6.2, the Company, prior to such consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance, or acquisition, will, or will cause such Restricted Subsidiary to, secure payment of the principal of and interest on the Loans (equally and ratably with or prior to any other indebtedness of the Company or such Subsidiary then entitled thereto) by a direct lien on all such property prior to all liens other than any liens theretofore existing thereon by an assumption agreement or otherwise. 
 (d) If at any time the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary shall issue, incur, assume or guarantee any Debt secured by any Mortgage not permitted by this subsection 6.2, to which the covenant in subsection 6.2(a) is applicable, the Company will promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent (with counterparts for each Bank): 
 (i) an officers certificate signed by two Responsible Officers of the Company stating that the covenant of the Company contained in paragraph (a) or (c) of this subsection 6.2 has been complied with; and 
 (ii) an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to the effect that such covenant has been complied with, and that any instruments executed by the Company in the performance of such covenant comply with the requirements of such covenant. 
 6.3 Limitations on Sale and Lease-back Transactions . Enter into any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of any Important Property owned or hereafter acquired by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary (except for temporary leases for a term, including any renewal thereof, of not more than three years and except for leases between the Company and a Restricted Subsidiary or between Restricted Subsidiaries), which Important Property has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary to such Person (herein referred to as a Sale and Lease-back Transaction unless the net proceeds of such sale are at least equal to the fair value (as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable) of such property and either (a) the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would be entitled, pursuant to the provisions of (1) subsection 6.2(a)(i) or (2) subsection 6.2(b), to incur Debt secured by a Mortgage on the Important Property to be leased without equally and ratably securing the Loans, or (b) the Company shall, and in any such case the Company covenants that it will, within 120 days of the effective date of any such arrangement, apply an amount equal to the fair value (as so determined) of such property to the reduction of the Commitments (to be accompanied by prepayment of the Loans in accordance with subsection 2.6 to the extent that the principal amount thereof outstanding prior to such prepayment would exceed the Commitments as so reduced) or to the payment or other retirement of funded debt for money borrowed, incurred or assumed by the Company which ranks senior to or pari passu with the Loans or of funded debt for money borrowed, incurred or assumed by any Restricted Subsidiary (other than, in either case, funded debt owned by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary). For this purpose, funded debt means any Debt which by its terms matures at or is extendable or renewable at the sole option of the obligor without requiring the consent of the obligee to a date more than twelve months after the date of the creation of such Debt. 

74 

6.4 Equipment Operations Debt . Permit Equipment Operations Debt as at the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of any fiscal year of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries) to exceed 65 of the sum, at the end of each such fiscal quarter, of (i) Equipment Operations Debt plus (ii) Total Stockholders Equity. 
 SECTION 7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF THE CAPITAL CORPORATION The Capital Corporation hereby agrees that, so long as there is any obligation by any Bank to make Loans to the Capital Corporation hereunder, any obligation of any Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, any Loan of the Capital Corporation remains outstanding and unpaid, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding or any other amount is owing by the Capital Corporation to any Bank, any Issuing Bank or any Agent hereunder, the Capital Corporation shall not, nor in the case of the agreements set forth in subsection 7.3 shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly (unless the Majority Banks shall otherwise consent in writing): 7.1 Fixed Charges Ratio . Permit the ratio of Net Earnings Available for Fixed Charges to Fixed Charges for any fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of any fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) to be less than 1.05 to 1. 
 7.2 Consolidated Senior Debt to Consolidated Capital Base . Permit the ratio of Consolidated Senior Debt to Consolidated Capital Base as at the end of any fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the end of any fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) to be more than 11 to 1. 
 7.3 Limitation on Liens . Issue, incur, assume or guarantee any Debt secured by any Mortgage upon any of its property or assets, or any of the property or assets of any of its Subsidiaries (whether any such property or assets is now owned or hereafter acquired) without in any such case effectively providing, concurrently with the issuance, incurrence, assumption or guaranty of any such Debt, that the Loans and all other amounts hereunder (together with, if the Capital Corporation shall so determine, any other indebtedness of or guaranty by such Borrower or such Subsidiary ranking equally with the Loans then existing or thereafter created) shall be secured equally and ratably with or prior to such Debt; provided, however, that the foregoing restrictions shall not apply to: 
 (a) Mortgages on fixed assets or other physical properties hereafter acquired to secure all or part of the purchase price thereof or the acquiring hereafter of such assets or properties subject to any existing lien or charge securing indebtedness (whether or not assumed); 
 (b) easements, liens, franchises or other minor encumbrances on or over any real property which do not materially detract from the value of such property or its use in the business of the Capital Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation; 
 (c) any deposit or pledge of assets (i) with any surety company or clerk of any court, or in escrow, as collateral in connection with or in lieu of, any bond on appeal from any judgment or decree against the Capital Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation, or in connection with other proceedings or actions at law or in equity by or against the Capital Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation or (ii) as security for the performance of any contract or undertaking not directly or indirectly related to the borrowing of money or the securing of indebtedness, if made in the ordinary course of business, or (iii) with any governmental agency, which deposit or pledge is required or permitted to qualify the Capital Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation to conduct 

75 

business, to maintain self-insurance, or to obtain the benefits of any law pertaining to workmen s compensation, unemployment insurance, old age pensions, social security, or similar matters, or (iv) made in the ordinary course of business to obtain the release of mechanics , workmen s, repairmen s, warehousemen s or similar liens, or the release of property in the possession of a common carrier; 
 (d) Mortgages by a Subsidiary as security for indebtedness owed to the Capital Corporation or to any other Subsidiary; 
 (e) liens for taxes and governmental charges not yet due or contested by appropriate proceedings in good faith; 
 (f) Mortgages existing on property acquired by the Capital Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation through the exercise of rights arising out of defaults on receivables acquired in the ordinary course of business; 
 (g) judgment liens, so long as the finality of such judgment is being contested in good faith and execution thereon is stayed; 
 (h) any Mortgage (other than directly or indirectly to secure borrowed money) if, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal sums secured by pledges or liens otherwise within the restrictions in clauses (a) through (h) of this subsection 7.3 do not exceed 500,000; 
 (i) any Mortgage securing Securitization Indebtedness; 
 (j) Mortgages on Margin Stock owned by the Capital Corporation and its Subsidiaries to the extent such Margin Stock exceeds 25 of the fair market value of property and assets of the Capital Corporation and its Subsidiaries (including Margin Stock); 
 (k) cash collateral provided to any counterparty of the Capital Corporation or to any Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation in connection with any Hedging Transaction; and 
 (l) Mortgages on the assets of Capital Corporation in connection with (i) extensions of credit by a unit of a Governmental Authority through a discount window or similar facility or arrangement and (ii) borrowings from loan or subsidy programs operated by or on behalf of a Governmental Authority when the provision of such Mortgage is required by such loan or subsidy program. 
 7.4 Consolidation; Merger . Merge or consolidate with or sell or convey (including pursuant to a Division and other than a conveyance by way of lease) all or substantially all of its assets to, any other corporation, unless (a) the Capital Corporation shall be the surviving corporation in the case of a merger or the Division Successor in the case of a Division, or the surviving, resulting or transferee corporation or Division Successor (the successor corporation shall be a corporation organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof or the District of Columbia and shall expressly assume the due and punctual performance of all of the agreements, covenants and obligations of the Capital Corporation under this Agreement by supplemental agreement satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent by the successor corporation and (b) the Capital Corporation or such successor corporation, as the case may be, shall not, immediately after such merger, consolidation, Division, sale or conveyance, be in default in the performance of any such agreements, covenants or obligations; provided , however, that the Capital Corporation may merge or consolidate with, or sell or convey substantially all of its assets to, the Company, if (i) the Company is the successor corporation (as defined above) and (ii) subclause (b) above is complied with; provided further that no 

76 

Division of Capital Corporation shall be permitted unless there is a Division Successor. Upon any such merger, consolidation, sale, Division or conveyance, the successor corporation shall succeed to and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of and shall be subject to all the obligations of, the Capital Corporation under this Agreement, with the same effect as if the successor corporation had been named as the Capital Corporation herein and therein. SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any of the following events: (a) A Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation when due in accordance with the terms hereof or to pay any interest on any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation, in each case within two Business Days after any such amount becomes due in accordance with the terms hereof or shall fail to pay any other amount payable hereunder within five Business Days after any such other amount becomes due in accordance with the terms thereof or hereof; or 
 (b) Any representation or warranty made or pursuant to subsection 4.2 deemed made by a Borrower herein or which is contained in any material certificate, material document or material financial statement or other material statement furnished at any time under or in connection with this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made; or 
 (c) The Company shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in subsection 5.6, 6.1 or 6.4, or the Capital Corporation shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in subsections 7.1, 7.2 or 7.4; or 
 (d) A Borrower shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those agreements referred to above in this Section 8), and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof shall have been given to such Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any of the Banks through the Administrative Agent; or 
 (e) (i) A Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall default in any payment of principal of or interest on any indebtedness for borrowed money (other than the Loans and any Securitization Indebtedness) in a principal amount in excess of 175,000,000 in the aggregate, or any interest or premium thereon, when due (whether at scheduled maturity or by required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) and such failure shall continue beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such indebtedness was created; or (ii) any other default (other than any default arising solely out of a Borrower s, or any of its Significant Subsidiaries , violation of any arrangement with any Bank, or any affiliate of any Bank, in any way restricting such Borrower s, or such Significant Subsidiary s, right or ability to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of Margin Stock other than Restricted Margin Stock), or any other event that with notice or the lapse of time, or both, would constitute such a default, under any agreement or instrument relating to any such indebtedness for borrowed money (other than the Loans), shall occur and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such default or event is to accelerate the maturity of such indebtedness; or (iii) any such indebtedness for borrowed money shall, by reason of default, be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid, prior to the stated maturity thereof (unless such indebtedness is declared due and payable, or required to be prepaid, solely by reason of any Borrower s, or any of its Significant Subsidiaries , violation of any arrangement with any Bank, or any affiliate of any Bank, in any way restricting such Borrower s, or such Significant Subsidiary s, right or ability to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of Margin Stock other than 

77 

Restricted Margin Stock); provided that, no Event of Default under this subsection 8(e) shall occur or be continuing if such failure, default or breach has been waived by the holder(s) or trustee or agent on behalf of such holder(s) of such indebtedness unless payment of such indebtedness has been accelerated and such acceleration has not been waived; or 
 (f) (i) A Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall commence any case, proceeding or other action (A) under any existing or future law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or its debts, or (B) seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial part of its assets, or such Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (ii) there shall be commenced against a Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in clause (i) above which (A) results in the entry of an order for relief or any such adjudication or appointment or (B) remains undismissed, undischarged or unbonded for a period of 90 days; or 
 (g) Any action is undertaken to terminate any Plan as to which a Borrower, or any Subsidiary of a Borrower, may have liability, or any such Plan is terminated or such Borrower or Subsidiary withdraws from such Plan, or any Reportable Event as to any such Plan shall occur, and there shall exist a deficiency in the assets available to satisfy the benefits guaranteeable under ERISA with respect to such Plan, in the aggregate for all such Plans with respect to which any of the foregoing shall have occurred in the immediately preceding 12 consecutive months, of more than 25 of the Consolidated Net Worth of such Borrower and in the reasonable judgment of the Required Banks, such occurrence is reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, operations or financial condition of the Borrowers; or 
 (h) Any Person shall own beneficially, directly or indirectly, 30 or more of the common stock of the Company; or any Person shall have the power, direct or indirect, to vote securities having 30 or more of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors of the Company or shall own beneficially, directly or indirectly, securities having such power, provided that there shall not be included among the securities as to which any such Person has such power to vote or which such Person so owns securities owned by such Person as nominee for the direct or indirect beneficial owner thereof or securities as to which such power to vote arises by virtue of proxies solicited by the management of the Company; or 
 (i) So long as any Luxembourg Obligations remain outstanding or JD Luxembourg is a party to this Agreement, the guaranty in subsection 2.27 shall cease, for any reason, to be in full force and effect or any Borrower shall so assert; 
 then, and in any such event, (A) if such event is an Event of Default specified in paragraph (f) above, automatically the Commitments shall immediately terminate and the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement (including all amounts of L/C Obligations, whether or not the beneficiaries of the then outstanding Letters of Credit shall have presented the documents required thereunder) and the Loans shall immediately become due and payable, and (B)(1) if such event is an Event of Default specified in paragraph (a) or (e), then with the consent of the Majority Banks, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Majority Banks, the Administrative Agent shall, or (2) if such event is an Event of Default specified in paragraph (b), (c), (d), (g) or (h), then with the consent of the Required Banks, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Banks, the Administrative Agent shall, take either or both of the following actions: (i) by notice to the Borrowers, declare the Commitments to be terminated forthwith, whereupon the Commitments 

78 

shall immediately terminate; and (ii) by notice of default to the Borrowers, declare the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement (including all amounts of L/C Obligations, whether or not the beneficiaries of the then outstanding Letters of Credit shall have presented the documents required thereunder) to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable. With respect to all Letters of Credit with respect to which presentment for honor shall not have occurred at the time of an acceleration pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrowers shall at such time deposit in a cash collateral account opened by the Administrative Agent an amount equal to the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of such Letters of Credit. Amounts held in such cash collateral account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to the payment of drafts drawn under such Letters of Credit, and the unused portion thereof after all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, if any, shall be applied to repay other obligations of the Borrowers hereunder. After all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, all Reimbursement Obligations shall have been satisfied and all other obligations of the Borrowers hereunder shall have been paid in full, the balance, if any, in such cash collateral account shall be returned to the Borrowers (or such other Person as may be lawfully entitled thereto). Except as expressly provided above in this Section, presentment, demand, protest and all other notices of any kind are hereby expressly waived with respect to this Agreement by the Borrowers. SECTION 9. THE AGENTS 9.1 Appointment . (a) Each Bank hereby irrevocably designates and appoints JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as the Administrative Agent of such Bank under this Agreement, and each Bank hereby irrevocably authorizes JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as the Administrative Agent for such Bank, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of this Agreement, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the parties hereto hereby agree that neither the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, Lead Arrangers nor Bookrunners on the cover of this Agreement shall have any rights, duties, responsibilities or liabilities in such respective capacity under this Agreement nor shall any such Person have the authority to take any action hereunder in its capacity as such. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, no Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Bank, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or otherwise exist against any Agent. 
 (d) Each of the Banks hereby exempts the Administrative Agent and Foreign Currency Agent from the restrictions pursuant to section 181 Civil Code B rgerliches Gesetzbuch and similar restrictions applicable to it pursuant to any other applicable law, in each case to the extent legally possible to such Bank. A Bank which cannot grant such exemption shall notify the Administrative Agent and Foreign Currency Agent accordingly and, upon request of the Administrative Agent or Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, either act in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and/or any other Loan Document as required pursuant to this Agreement and/or such other Loan Document or grant a special power of attorney to a party acting on its behalf, in a manner that is not prohibited pursuant to section 181 of the German Civil Code B rgerliches Gesetzbuch and/or any other applicable laws. 
 9.2 Delegation of Duties . Each Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement by or through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning 

79 

all matters pertaining to such duties. Each Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care. 9.3 Exculpatory Provisions . Neither any Agent nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates shall be (i) liable to any Bank for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or such Person under or in connection with this Agreement (except for its or such Person s own gross negligence or willful misconduct as finally determined by a non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction), or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Banks for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by the Borrowers or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by any Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or for any failure of the Borrowers to perform their obligations hereunder. No Agent shall be under any obligation to any Bank to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement, or to inspect the properties, books or records of the Borrowers. 
 9.4 Reliance by Agents . (a) Each Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any Loan, writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, cablegram, telegram, facsimile, telex or teletype message, statement, order or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including, without limitation, counsel to the Borrowers), independent accountants and other experts selected by such Agent. Each Agent may deem and treat the payee of any Loan as the owner thereof for all purposes except as provided in subsections 10.5(c) and 10.5(d). Each Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any discretionary action under this Agreement unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Majority Banks as it deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Banks against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Each Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement in accordance with a request of the Majority Banks, the Required Banks or all of the Banks (if the consent of the Majority Banks, the Required Banks or all of the Banks, respectively, is required), and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Banks. 
 (a) (b) (i) Each Bank and each Issuing Bank hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, from the Administrative Agent or any of its affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable (whether or not known to such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect , and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, shall not assert, and hereby waives any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent 

80 

for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, under this subsection 9.4(b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 
 (ii) Each Bank and each Issuing Bank hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Bank and each Issuing Bank agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. (iii) The Borrowers hereby agree that (x) in the event that the returning of an an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) made with funds of the Administrative Agent or an affiliate thereof has been demanded by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Subsection 9.4(b) and has not been recovered from any Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, with respect to such amount unless and until such amounts are recovered by the Administrative Agent and (y) an erroneous Payment made by the Administrative Agent or an affiliate thereof shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Loans, Reimbursement Obligations or L/C Obligations owed by the Borrowers. (iv) Each Bank s and each Issuing Bank s obligations under this subsection 9.4(b) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Bank or an Issuing Bank, the termination of the Commitments, the payment in full of all amounts payable hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. 9.5 Notice of Default . The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from a Bank or either Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Banks. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Majority Banks, the Required Banks or all Banks, as applicable; provided that, unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received such directions, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the Banks. 
 9.6 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Banks . Each Bank expressly acknowledges that neither any Agent nor any of its respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by such Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of the Borrowers, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by such Agent to any Bank. Each Bank represents to each Agent that it has, independently and 

81 

without reliance upon such Agent or any other Bank, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of each Borrower and made its own decision to make its Loans hereunder and enter into this Agreement. Each Bank also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon each Agent or any other Bank, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrowers. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Banks by any Agent hereunder, such Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Bank with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of a Borrower which may come into the possession of such Agent or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates. 9.7 Indemnification . (a) The Banks agree to indemnify each Agent in its capacity as such (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrowers and without limiting the obligation of the Borrowers to do so), ratably (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever which may at any time (including without limitation at any time following the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement, or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or the transactions contemplated hereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that no Bank shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this subsection 9.7 shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 (b) Each Bank shall indemnify the Administrative Agent for the full amount of any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, deductions, withholdings or similar charges imposed by any Governmental Authority that are attributable to such Bank and that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent, together with all interest, penalties, reasonable costs and expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Bank by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 9.8 Agents in their Individual Capacities . Each Agent and its respective affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrowers as though such Agent were not an Agent hereunder. With respect to its Loans made by it and with respect to any Letter of Credit issued or participated in by it, each Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any Bank and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and the terms Bank and Banks shall include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity. 
 9.9 Successor Agents . Each Agent may resign as Agent upon 30 days notice thereof to the Borrowers and the Banks. If the Administrative Agent shall resign as Administrative Agent under this Agreement, then the Majority Banks shall appoint from among the Banks a successor administrative agent for the Banks which successor administrative agent shall be approved by the Borrowers, whereupon such successor administrative agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the Administrative Agent and the term Administrative Agent shall mean such successor administrative agent effective upon its appointment, and the former Administrative Agent s rights, powers and duties as Administrative Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former 

82 

Administrative Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement. Upon any resignation by the Foreign Currency Agent, (i) the Foreign Currency Agent may appoint one of its affiliates acting through an office in the European Union as a successor Foreign Currency Agent and (ii) if the Foreign Currency Agent has not appointed one of its affiliates acting through an office in the European Union as a successor Foreign Currency Agent pursuant to clause (i) above, then the Majority Banks shall appoint from among the Banks a successor foreign currency agent for the Banks which successor foreign currency agent shall be approved by the Borrowers, whereupon in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), such successor foreign currency agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the Foreign Currency Agent and the term Foreign Currency Agent shall mean such successor foreign currency agent effective upon its appointment, and the former Foreign Currency Agent s rights, powers and duties as Foreign Currency Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Foreign Currency Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement. After any retiring Agent s resignation hereunder as Agent, the provisions of this Section 9 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement. SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS 10.1 Amendments and Waivers . Subject to subsection 2.11(b), (c) and (d) and subsection 10.1(c) below, with the written consent of the Majority Banks, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers may, from time to time, enter into written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or changing in any manner the rights of the Banks or of the Borrowers hereunder, and with the consent of the Majority Banks the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Banks may execute and deliver to the Borrowers a written instrument waiving, on such terms and conditions as the Administrative Agent may specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences; provided , however, that no such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification shall (a) extend the maturity of any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest thereon, or reduce the principal amount thereof, or reduce the rate of any fee payable hereunder or extend the time of payment thereof, in each case, without the written consent of (i) with respect to any such change to any Committed Rate Loan, each Bank directly affected thereby and (ii) with respect to any such change to any Bid Loan, the Bank which made such Bid Loan, or (b) change the amount of any Bank s Commitment or the terms of its obligation to make Loans hereunder (other than in accordance with subsection 2.20), or amend, modify or waive the pro rata treatment and payment provisions of subsection 2.12(b), or amend, modify or waive any provision of this subsection 10.1 or reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Majority Banks or Required Banks, or consent to the assignment or transfer by either Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, in each case without the written consent of each Bank, or (c) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 9 without the written consent of the then Administrative Agent and, if applicable, any other Agent affected by such amendment, modification or waiver, or (d) extend the Termination Date with respect to any Bank without the written consent of such Bank; provided , further , however, that no such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification shall waive, amend, supplement or otherwise modify subsections 2.16 without the written consent of the Required Banks, or (e) amend, modify or waive any provision of subsections 2.23 and 2.26 (and related defined terms), or any other provision which affects the rights or duties of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement, without the written consent of each Issuing Bank, or (f) so long as any Luxembourg Obligations remain outstanding or JD Luxembourg is a party to this Agreement, release Capital Corporation from its guarantee obligations under subsection 2.27 without the written consent of each Bank; and provided , further , that notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may act pursuant to subsection 2.11(b) to establish, in conjunction with the Borrowers, an alternate rate of interest. Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the Banks and shall be binding upon the Borrowers, the Banks and the Agents. In the case of any waiver, the Borrowers, the Banks and the Agents shall be restored to 

83 

their former position and rights hereunder, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default, or impair any right consequent thereon. Anything contained in the foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank with respect to a Negotiated Rate Loan may, from time to time, enter into amendments, supplements or modifications for the purpose of adding any provisions to such Negotiated Rate Loans or changing in any manner the rights of such Bank and such Borrower thereunder and such Bank may waive any of the requirements of such Negotiated Rate Loan; provided , however, that such Borrower and such Bank shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any extension of the maturity of such Negotiated Rate Loan or reduction of the principal amount thereof; provided, further, that such Borrower and such Bank shall not extend the maturity of such Negotiated Rate Loan beyond the last day of the Commitment Period. 10.2 Notices . All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing, by facsimile transmission, by telephone confirmed in writing and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered by hand, or when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, or, in the case of facsimile transmission, when received, addressed as follows in the case of the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, or to such address or other address as may be hereafter notified by the respective parties hereto: 
 The Borrowers: The Company: Deere Company Attention: Treasurer One John Deere Place Moline, Illinois 61265 Telephone: 309-765-9259 Facsimile: 309-765-0559 The Capital Corporation: John Deere Capital Corporation Attention: Manager 1 East First Street Suite 600 Reno, Nevada 89501 Telephone: 775-786-5527 Facsimile: 775-786-4145 JD Luxembourg: John Deere Bank S.A. 43, avenue John F. Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Facsimile: + 352 26 29 90 200 with a copy to: Deere Company Attention: Treasurer One John Deere Place Moline, Illinois 61265 Telephone: 309-765-9259 Facsimile: 309-765-0559 

84 

The Administrative Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Attention: Loan Agency Services Group 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Telephone: 302-634-9770 Facsimile: 302-634-4733 Email: harmeet.kaur@chase.com with a copy to: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Attention: Sean D. Bodkin 8181 Communications Pkwy Bldg B, Floor 06 Plano, Texas 75024-0239 Telephone: 972-324-1749 Email: sean.bodkin@chase.com The Foreign Currency Agent: J.P. Morgan AG 25 Bank Street London E14 5JP United Kingdom Telephone: +44 203 4930699 and +44 207 7421911 Email: loan_and_agency_london@jpmorgan.com To any other Bank: To it at its address (or facsimile number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire 
 provided that any notice, request or demand to or upon the Administrative Agent or the Banks pursuant to subsections 2.1, 2.2, 2.5, 2.6, 2.9, 2.11, 2.20 and 9.9 shall not be effective until received (including receipt by telephone if permitted hereby). 10.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies . No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of either Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Bank, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 
 10.4 Payment of Expenses . (a) The Company agrees (i) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent for all its out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement or modification to, this Agreement and any other documents prepared in connection herewith, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby in such manner and in such amounts as shall be agreed to in writing by the Company and the Administrative Agent, (ii) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent for the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent incurred in connection with the preparation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement, modification to, this Agreement and other documents prepared in connection herewith, and the consummation of the transaction contemplated 

85 

hereby and thereby, and (iii) to pay or reimburse each Bank and each Agent for all its out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement or preservation of any rights under this Agreement and any such other documents, including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel to each Agent and one counsel representing the Banks; provided , however , that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to reimburse, indemnify or otherwise make any payment pursuant to this subsection 10.4 with respect to any registration duty payable in Luxembourg upon registration of this Agreement in Luxembourg except for any Luxembourg tax payable due to a registration of the Agreement when such registration is required to maintain, preserve, establish or enforce any rights of any Agent or Bank. (b) The Company and the Capital Corporation agree jointly and severally to indemnify and hold harmless each Agent, each Bank and each Issuing Bank and each director, officer, partner, employee, affiliate and agent thereof (each, an Indemnified Person against, and to reimburse each Indemnified Person, upon its demand, for, any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or other expenses Losses to which such Indemnified Person may become subject insofar as such Losses arise out of or in any way relate to or result from this Agreement or the extensions of credit made hereunder (including the responsibilities, duties and obligations of the Banks hereunder and their agreement to make Loans or issue Letters of Credit hereunder), including, without limitation, Losses consisting of legal or other expenses incurred in connection with investigating, defending or participating in any legal proceeding relating to the foregoing (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto); provided , that the foregoing will not apply to any Losses to the extent they result from (i) the negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person as finally determined by a non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) any dispute solely among Indemnified Persons (other than any claims against an Indemnified Person in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as an Agent or Issuing Bank under this Agreement) and which does not arise out of or relate to an act or omission of the Company or any of its affiliates. This indemnity agreement shall be in addition to any liability which either Borrower may otherwise have and shall be subject to the following paragraph. 
 (c) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person under subsection 10.4(b) of written notice of any loss, claim, damage or liability in respect of which indemnity may be sought by it hereunder, such Indemnified Person will, if a claim is to be made against the Borrowers, notify the Borrowers thereof in writing; but the omission so to notify the Borrowers will not relieve the Borrowers from any liability (otherwise than under this subsection 10.4) which they may have to any Indemnified Person except as may be required or provided otherwise than under this subsection 10.4. Thereafter, the Indemnified Person and the Borrowers shall consult, to the extent appropriate, with a view to minimizing the cost to the Borrowers of their obligations hereunder. In case any Indemnified Person receives written notice of any loss, claim, damage or liability in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder by it and it notifies the Borrowers thereof, the Borrowers will be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that they may elect by written notice delivered to the Indemnified Person promptly after receiving the aforesaid notice from such Indemnified Person, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory at all times to such Indemnified Person; provided , however , that (i) if the parties against whom any loss, claim, damage or liability arises include both the Indemnified Person and a Borrower or any Subsidiary of a Borrower and the Indemnified Person shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it or other Indemnified Persons which are different from or additional to those available to a Borrower or any Subsidiary of a Borrower and may conflict therewith, the Indemnified Person or Persons shall have the right to select one separate counsel for such Indemnified Person or Persons to assume such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such loss, claim, damage or liability on behalf of such Indemnified Person or Persons and (ii) if any loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of actions brought by or for the benefit of a Borrower or any Subsidiary of a Borrower, the Indemnified Person or Persons shall have the right to select their counsel and to assume and direct the defense thereof and no Borrower shall be entitled to participate therein or assume the defense 

86 

thereof. Upon receipt of notice from the Borrowers to such Indemnified Person of their election so to assume the defense of such loss, claim, damage or liability and approval by the Indemnified Person of counsel, the Borrowers shall not be liable to such Indemnified Person under this subsection 10.4 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with the defense thereof unless (i) the Indemnified Person shall have employed such counsel in connection with the assumption of legal defenses in accordance with the proviso to the next preceding sentence, (ii) the Borrowers shall not have employed and continued to employ counsel satisfactory to the Indemnified Person to represent the Indemnified Person within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action or (iii) the Borrowers shall have authorized the employment of counsel for the Indemnified Person at the expense of the Borrowers. 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this subsection 10.4, (i) the Borrowers shall not be liable for any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of any order adjudicating or otherwise disposing of any loss, claim, damage or liability effected without their consent and (ii) after the Borrowers have assumed the defense of any loss, claim, damage or liability under the preceding paragraph with respect to any Bank, they will not settle, compromise or consent to entry of any order adjudicating or otherwise disposing thereof (1) if such settlement, compromise or order involves the payment of money damages, except if the Borrowers agree with such Bank to pay such money damages, and, if not simultaneously paid, to furnish such Bank with satisfactory evidence of their ability to pay such money damages, and (2) if such settlement, compromise or order involves any relief against such Bank, other than the payment of money damages, except with the prior written consent of such Bank. 
 (e) Each party hereto waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding relating to the Agreement any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. 
 (f) The agreements in this subsection 10.4 shall survive repayment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 10.5 Successors and Assigns; Participations; Purchasing Banks . (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrowers, the Banks, the Agents and their respective successors and assigns (including any affiliate of an Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that the Borrowers may not assign or transfer any of their rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of each Bank. 
 (b) Any Bank may, in the ordinary course of its commercial banking business and in accordance with applicable law, at any time sell to one or more banks or other financial institutions Participants participating interests in the Loans, Commitments and other interests of such Bank hereunder. In the event of any such sale by a Bank of participating interests to a Participant, such Bank s obligations under this Agreement to the other parties to this Agreement shall remain unchanged, such Bank shall remain solely responsible for the performance thereof, such Bank shall remain the holder of any such Loan for all purposes under this Agreement, and the Borrowers, each Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Bank in connection with such Bank s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Each Bank that sells a participation, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register provided that no Bank shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person other than the Borrower (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under this Agreement) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, 

87 

Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall constitute prima facie evidence (absent manifest error) of the accuracy of the information so recorded, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Banks may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation recorded therein for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 (c) Any Bank may, in the ordinary course of its commercial banking business and in accordance with applicable law, at any time assign to one or more banks or other financial institutions Loan Assignees any Bid Loan or Negotiated Rate Loan or portion thereof owing to such Bank, pursuant to a Loan Assignment executed by the assignor Bank and the Loan Assignee. Upon such execution, from and after the Transfer Effective Date specified in such Loan Assignment, the Loan Assignee shall, to the extent of the assignment provided for in such Loan Assignment and to the extent permitted by applicable law, be deemed to have the same rights and benefits with respect to such Bid Loans and Negotiated Rate Loans and the same obligation to share pursuant to subsection 10.6 as it would have had if it were a Bank hereunder; provided , that unless such Loan Assignment shall otherwise specify and a copy of such Loan Assignment shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent for its acceptance and recording in the Register in accordance with subsection 10.5(f), the assignor Bank shall act as collection agent for the Loan Assignee, and in the case of Bid Loans, the Administrative Agent shall pay all amounts received from the relevant Borrower which are allocable to the assigned Bid Loan directly to the assignor Bank without any further liability to the relevant Loan Assignee, and, in the case of Negotiated Rate Loans, the relevant Borrower shall pay all amounts due under the assigned Negotiated Rate Loan directly to the assignor Bank without any further liability to the Loan Assignee. At the request of any Loan Assignee, on or promptly after the Transfer Effective Date specified in such Loan Assignment, the relevant Borrower, at its own expense, shall execute and deliver to the Loan Assignee a promissory note with respect to the Bid Loans or Negotiated Rate Loans of such Loan Assignee and its registered assigns in an amount equal to the Bid Loan or Negotiated Rate Loan assigned. Such note shall be dated the Borrowing Date in respect of such Bid Loan or Negotiated Rate Loan and shall otherwise be in the form of Exhibit L; provided , however , that such Borrower shall not be required to execute and deliver more than an aggregate of two notes with respect to the Bid Loans of any Bank with the same Interest Period at any time outstanding. A Loan Assignee shall not, by virtue of such Loan Assignment, become a party to this Agreement or have any rights to consent to or refrain from consenting to any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of this Agreement or any related document; provided , that (i) the assignor Bank and the Loan Assignee may, in their discretion, agree between themselves upon the manner in which the assignor Bank will exercise its rights under this Agreement and any related document, and (ii) if a copy of such Loan Assignment shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent for its acceptance and recording in the Register in accordance with subsection 10.5(f), neither the principal amount of, the interest rate on, nor the maturity date of, any Bid Loan or Negotiated Rate Loan assigned to a Loan Assignee will be modified without written consent of such Loan Assignee. 
 (d) Any Bank may, in the ordinary course of its commercial banking business and in accordance with applicable law, sell to any Bank or any affiliate thereof (other than a natural Person) and to one or more additional banks or other financial institutions Purchasing Banks ), all or any portion (subject to the last sentence of this subsection 10.5(d)) of its rights (which rights may include such Bank s rights in respect of Loans it has disbursed) and obligations under this Agreement, with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of (i) the Company, (ii) each Issuing Bank and (iii) the Administrative Agent. Such sale shall be made pursuant to a Loan Assignment, executed by such Purchasing Bank and such transferor Bank (and, in the case of a Purchasing Bank that is not then a Bank or an affiliate thereof, by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent), and delivered to the Administrative Agent for its acceptance and recording in the Register. Upon such execution, delivery, 

88 

acceptance and recording, from and after the Transfer Effective Date specified in such Loan Assignment, (i) the Purchasing Bank thereunder shall be a party hereto with respect to the interest purchased and, to the extent provided in such Loan Assignment, have the rights and obligations of a Bank hereunder with a Commitment as set forth therein, and (ii) the transferor Bank thereunder shall cease to have those rights and obligations under this Agreement to which the Purchasing Bank has succeeded (and, in the case of a Loan Assignment covering all or the remaining portion of a transferor Bank s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such transferor Bank shall cease to be a party hereto). Such Loan Assignment shall be deemed to amend this Agreement to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to reflect the addition of such Purchasing Bank and the resulting adjustment of Commitments and Commitment Percentages arising from the purchase by such Purchasing Bank of a portion of the rights and obligations of such transferor Bank under this Agreement. On or promptly after the Transfer Effective Date specified in such Loan Assignment, the Purchasing Bank and the Administrative Agent, on behalf of such Purchasing Bank, shall open and maintain in the name of each Borrower a Loan Account with respect to such Purchasing Bank s Committed Rate Loans and Bid Loans to such Borrower. Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, no Bank may sell any portion of its rights and obligations under this subsection 10.5(d) to any bank or financial institution without the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of the Company if, after giving effect to such sale or at the time of such sale, as the case may be, (i) the Commitment of either of the selling and purchasing institutions would be greater than 0 but less than 5,000,000, (ii) the Purchasing Bank, together with all of its affiliates, would have a Commitment Percentage of more than 15 (or, if the Commitments shall have been terminated, such Purchasing Bank, together with all of its affiliates, would hold Loans aggregating to more than 15 in principal amount of all outstanding Loans), (iii) the Credit Rating of any Purchasing Bank shall be less than BBB+ from S P or less than Baa1 from Moody s or such Purchasing Bank shall have no Credit Rating or (iv) the Purchasing Bank is not a bank, insurance company, other financial institution or an affiliate of any thereof that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans or similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
 (e) The Administrative Agent shall maintain at its address referred to in subsection 10.2 a copy of each Loan Assignment delivered to it and a register (the Register for the recordation of (i) the names and addresses of the Banks and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) and L/C Obligations owing to, each Bank from time to time, and (ii) with respect to each Loan Assignment delivered to the Administrative Agent, the name and address of the Loan Assignee and the principal amount of each Bid Loan owing to such Loan Assignee. The entries in the Register shall constitute prima facie evidence (absent manifest error) of the accuracy of the information so recorded, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and the Banks may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of the Loan recorded therein for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company, each Issuing Bank or any Bank or Loan Assignee at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (f) Upon its receipt of a Loan Assignment executed by an assignor Bank and a Loan Assignee and an Administrative Questionnaire from the Loan Assignee if it is not then a Bank, together with payment to the Administrative Agent (by the assignor Bank or the Loan Assignee, as agreed between them) of a registration and processing fee of 3,500, the Administrative Agent shall (i) accept such Loan Assignment, (ii) record the information contained therein in the Register and (iii) give prompt notice of such acceptance and recordation to the assignor Bank, the Loan Assignee and the Borrowers. Upon its receipt of a Loan Assignment executed by a transferor Bank and a Purchasing Bank (and, in the case of a Purchasing Bank that is not then a Bank or an affiliate thereof, by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent) and an Administrative Questionnaire from the Purchasing Bank if it is not then a Bank, together with payment to the Administrative Agent (by the transferor Bank or the Purchasing Bank, as agreed between them) of a registration and processing fee of 3,500 for each Purchasing Bank listed in such 

89 

Loan Assignment, the Administrative Agent shall (A) accept such Loan Assignment, (B) record the information contained therein in the Register and (C) give prompt notice of such acceptance and recordation to the Banks and the Borrowers. 
 (g) The Company authorizes each Bank to disclose to any Participant, Loan Assignee or Purchasing Bank (each, a Transferee and any prospective Transferee any and all financial information in such Bank s possession concerning the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries which has been delivered to such Bank by or on behalf of the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement or in connection with such Bank s credit evaluation of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries prior to becoming a party to this Agreement, provided that with respect to confidential data or information described in subsection 10.7, such confidential data may be disclosed only to (i) a Purchasing Bank and/or (ii) any other Transferee or prospective Transferee with the Borrowers prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld with respect to prospective Participants, Participants, prospective Loan Assignees and Loan Assignees; provided , however , that such Bank shall not disclose any such confidential data or information pursuant to this subsection 10.5(g) unless (i) it has notified the Purchasing Bank or other Transferee or potential Transferee that such data or information are confidential, such notification to be in writing if such data or information are disclosed in writing and orally if such data or information are disclosed orally, and (ii) such Purchasing Bank, Transferee or potential Transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the provisions of subsection 10.7. 
 (h) If, pursuant to this subsection, any loan participation or series of loan participations is sold or any interest in this Agreement is transferred to any Transferee, the transferor Bank shall cause such Transferee, concurrently with the effectiveness of such transfer or the first transfer to occur in a series of transfers between such transferor Bank and such Transferee, to comply with subsection 2.17(c), subsection 2.17(d), subsection 2.17(e) and subsection 2.17(f) as if it were a Bank. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for obtaining such documentation except from its own Transferees. 
 (i) Nothing in this subsection 10.5 shall prohibit any Bank from pledging or assigning its Loans to any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with applicable law. 
 (j) The Borrowers, upon receipt of written notice from the relevant Bank, agree to issue Notes to any Bank requiring Notes to facilitate transactions of the type described in paragraph (i) above. 
 (k) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Bank (a Granting Bank may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an SPC ), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Bank to the Administrative Agent and the Company, the option to provide to the Borrowers all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Bank would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Loan, (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Bank shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Bank to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Bank. Each party hereto hereby agrees that no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Bank). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State thereof. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this subsection 10.5(k) any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Company and the Administrative Agent and without 

90 

paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loans to the Granting Bank or to any financial institutions (consented to by the Company and Administrative Agent) providing liquidity and/or credit support to or for the account of such SPC to support the funding or maintenance of Loans and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. This subsection 10.5(k) may not be amended without the written consent of the SPC. 
 10.6 Adjustments . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or as otherwise provided by court order, if any Bank (a benefitted Bank shall at any time receive any payment of all or part of its Committed Rate Loans or L/C Obligations, or interest thereon or commitment fee or letter of credit fee hereunder, or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by set-off, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature referred to in clause (e) of Section 8, or otherwise) in a greater proportion than any such payment to and collateral received by any other Bank, if any, in respect of such other Bank s Committed Rate Loans or L/C Obligations, or interest thereon, or commitment fee or letter of credit fee hereunder, such benefitted Bank shall purchase for cash from the other Banks such portion of each such other Bank s Committed Rate Loans or L/C Obligations, or shall provide such other Banks with the benefits of any such collateral, or the proceeds thereof, as shall be necessary to cause such benefitted Bank to share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral or proceeds ratably with each of such other Banks; provided , however, that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such benefitted Bank, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. The Borrowers agree that each Bank so purchasing a portion of another Bank s Committed Rate Loans or L/C Obligations may exercise all rights of payment (including, without limitation, rights of set-off) with respect to such portion as fully as if such Bank were the direct holder of such portion. 
 10.7 Confidential ity . ii) Each of the Agents and the Banks shall, subject as hereinafter provided, keep confidential from any third party any data or information received by them from the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement which, if provided in writing, is designated in writing as confidential, and if provided orally, is designated orally as confidential by the Borrowers except: 
 (i) any such data or information as is or becomes publicly available or generally known otherwise than as a result of any breach of the provisions of this subsection 10.7; 
 (ii) as required by law, rule, regulation or official direction or any Governmental Authority or self-regulatory body having or claiming authority or oversight over any Bank or its affiliates; 
 (iii) as may be necessary to protect as against the Borrowers or any of them the interests of the Banks or any of them under this Agreement; 
 (iv) to the extent permitted under subsection 10.5; and 
 (v) with respect to any Bank, to affiliates of such Bank on a need to know basis (as long as such affiliates are subject to confidentiality provisions no less restrictive than those set forth in this Agreement) and the attorneys, accountants and regulators of such Bank and such affiliates, and to each other Bank. 

91 

(b) Each of the Agents and the Banks shall use their reasonable efforts to ensure that any confidential data or information received by them from the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement which is disclosed to employees of such Agent or Bank (as the case may be) or their respective affiliates pursuant to clause (a) above, is so disclosed only to the extent necessary for purpose of the administration of this Agreement and, in all cases, on the condition that such information and data shall be kept confidential except for such purpose. 
 (c) For the avoidance of doubt, the Agents and the Banks may provide to data service providers that serve the lending industry, including market data collectors and league table providers, and insurers to the Agents and the Banks information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers and lenders to such data service providers and insurers if presented in a manner that does not disclose the identity of the Borrowers. 
 (d) The provisions of this subsection 10.7 shall survive the payment in full of all amounts payable hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. 
 10.8 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. A set of the copies of this Agreement signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to subsection 10.2), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Banks shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrowers without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Bank, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrowers hereby (i) agree that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Banks, and the Borrowers, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) the Administrative Agent and each of the Banks may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such 

92 

electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Indemnified Person for any Losses arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and/or any Bank s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Losses arising as a result of the failure of a Borrower to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 10.9 GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 10.10 Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process . All judicial proceedings brought against the Borrowers with respect to this Agreement shall be brought in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Borrowers accept, for themselves and in connection with their properties, generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts and irrevocably agree to be bound by any final judgment rendered thereby in connection with this Agreement from which no appeal has been taken or is available. The Borrowers irrevocably agree that all process in any such proceedings in any such court may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to them at their addresses set forth in subsection 10.2 or at such other address of which the Administrative Agent shall have been notified pursuant thereto, such service being hereby acknowledged by the Borrowers to be effective and binding service in every respect. Each of the Borrowers, the Agents and the Banks irrevocably waives any objection, including without limitation, any objection to the laying of venue or based on the grounds of forum non conveniens which it may now or hereafter have to the bringing of any such action or proceeding in any such jurisdiction. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right of any Agent or any Bank to bring proceedings against the Borrowers in the courts of any other jurisdiction. JD Luxembourg irrevocably appoints the Company as its agent to receive process with respect to this Agreement. 
 10.11 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL . Each Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Banks hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding relating to this agreement or any other loan document and for any counterclaim therein. 
 10.12 USA Patriot Act . Each Bank hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrowers, which information includes the name and address of the Borrowers and other information that will allow such Bank to identify the Borrowers in accordance with the Act. The Borrowers shall promptly provide such information upon request by any Bank. 

93 

10.13 No Fiduciary Duty . The Borrowers acknowledge and agree that (a) no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Borrowers and the Agents and the Banks is intended to be or has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective of whether the Agents and the Banks have advised or are advising the Borrowers on other matters, (b) the Agents and the Banks, on the one hand, and the Borrowers, on the other hand, have an arm s length business relationship that does not directly or indirectly give rise to, nor do the Borrowers rely on, any fiduciary duty to the Borrowers or their respective affiliates on the part of the Agents and the Banks, (c) the Borrowers are capable of evaluating and understanding, and the Borrowers understand and accept, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (d) the Borrowers have been advised that the Agents and the Banks are engaged in a broad range of transactions that may involve interests that differ from the Borrowers interests and that the Agents and the Banks have no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Borrowers, (e) the Borrowers have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent the Borrowers have deemed appropriate, (f) each Agent and Bank has been, is, and will be acting solely as a principal and, except as otherwise expressly agreed in writing by it and the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrowers, any of the Borrowers affiliates or any other Person and (g) none of the Agents nor Banks has any obligation to the Borrowers or their respective affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein or in any other express writing executed and delivered by such Agent or Bank and the Borrowers or any such affiliate. 
 10.14 Headings . Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 10.15 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties to the Loan Documents, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of a Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (i) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by a Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (ii) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (x) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (y) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (z) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any Resolution Authority. 

94 

(b) Each party hereto agrees that it will notify the Company and the Administrative Agent, as soon as practicable, of such party becoming the subject of a Bail-In Action, unless such notification is prohibited by law, regulation or order. 10.16 Bank ERISA Representations . (a) Each Bank (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Bank party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Bank party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Bank party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and each lead arranger and their respective affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 
 (i) such Bank is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans (defined below) in connection with the Loans or the Commitments, (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to, and all of the conditions of which are and will continue to be satisfied in connection with, such Bank s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (iii) (A) such Bank is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Bank to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Bank, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Bank s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Bank. (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Bank or (2) a Bank has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Bank further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Bank party hereto, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Bank party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Bank party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and each lead arranger, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Bank involved in such Bank s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

95 

As used in this Section, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code, to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. [Remainder of page left intentionally blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. DEERE COMPANY By: Name: Title: JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: Name: Title: JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: Name: Title: 
 By: Name: Title: 
 [Signature Page to the Deere Company 2025 Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as a Bank By: __________________________________ Name: Title: 
 
 [Signature Page to the Deere Company 2025 Credit Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent and as a Bank By: __________________________________ Name: Title: 
 
 [Signature Page to the Deere Company 2025 Credit Agreement] 

CITIBANK, N.A., as Documentation Agent and as a Bank By: __________________________________ Name: Title: 
 
 [Signature Page to the Deere Company 2025 Credit Agreement] 

[BANK], as a Bank By: __________________________________ Name: Title: 
 
 [Signature Page to the Deere Company 2025 Credit Agreement] 

SCHEDULE I TERMS OF SUBORDINATION Senior Indebtedness means the principal of (and premium, if any) and unpaid interest, commitment fees and letter of credit fees on (a) indebtedness (including matured and contingent reimbursement obligations in respect of letters of credit) of John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation (including indebtedness of others guaranteed by the Capital Corporation), other than the indebtedness evidenced by the Securities [such term to be defined as the debt to be issued under the indenture or agreement to which this Schedule relates] and [specify any other indebtedness of the Capital Corporation (including indebtedness of others guaranteed by the Capital Corporation)], provided that indebtedness of the Capital Corporation under the credit agreement to which these Terms of Subordination are attached may not be so specified, whether outstanding on the date hereof or hereafter created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed, for money borrowed, unless in the instrument creating or evidencing the same or pursuant to which the same is outstanding it is provided that such indebtedness is not senior or prior in right of payment to the Securities, and (b) renewals, extensions, modifications and refundings of any such indebtedness. SUBORDINATION Section 1. Agreement to Subordinate. The Capital Corporation, for itself, its successors and assigns, covenants and agrees, and each holder of Securities, by such holder s acceptance thereof, likewise covenants and agrees, that the payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on each and all of the Securities is hereby expressly subordinated, to the extent and in the manner hereinafter set forth, in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all Senior Indebtedness. Section 2. Distribution on Dissolution, Liquidation and Reorganization; Subrogation of Securities . Upon any distribution of assets of the Capital Corporation upon any dissolution, winding up, liquidation or reorganization of the Capital Corporation, whether in bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or receivership proceedings or upon an assignment for the benefit of creditors or any other marshalling of the assets and liabilities of the Capital Corporation or otherwise (subject to the power of a court of competent jurisdiction to make other equitable provisions reflecting the rights conferred in this Agreement upon the Senior Indebtedness and the holders thereof with respect to the Securities by a lawful plan of reorganization under applicable bankruptcy law), (a) the holders of Senior Indebtedness shall be entitled to receive payment in full of the principal thereof (and premium if any) and the interest, commitment fees and letter of credit fees due on the Senior Indebtedness before the holders of the Securities are entitled to receive any payment upon the principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on indebtedness evidenced by the Securities; and (b) any payment or distribution of assets of the Capital Corporation of any kind or character, whether in cash, property or securities, to which the holders of the Securities or any trustee therefor would be entitled except for the provisions of this Article shall be paid by the liquidating trustee or agent or other person making such payment or distribution, whether a trustee in bankruptcy, a receiver or liquidating trustee or otherwise, directly to the holders of Senior Indebtedness or their representative or representatives or to the trustee or trustees under 

I- 2 
 any indenture under which any instruments evidencing any of such Senior Indebtedness may have been issued, ratably according to the aggregate amounts remaining unpaid on account of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, commitment fees and letter of credit fees on the Senior Indebtedness held or represented by each holder of Senior Indebtedness, to the extent necessary to make payment in full of all Senior Indebtedness remaining unpaid, after giving effect to any concurrent payment or distribution to the holders of such Senior Indebtedness; and (c) in the event that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any payment or distribution of assets of the Capital Corporation of any kind or character, whether in cash, property or securities, shall be received by any trustee for the holders of the Securities or the holders of the Securities before all Senior Indebtedness is paid in full, such payment or distribution shall be paid over, upon written notice to any trustee for the holders of the Securities, to the holders of Senior Indebtedness or their representative or representatives or to the trustee or trustees under any indenture under which any instruments evidencing any of such Senior Indebtedness may have been issued, ratably as aforesaid, for application to the payment of all Senior Indebtedness remaining unpaid until all such Senior Indebtedness shall have been paid in full, after giving effect to any concurrent payment or distribution to the holders of such Senior Indebtedness. Subject to the payment in full of all Senior Indebtedness, the holders of the Securities shall be subrogated to the rights of the holders of Senior Indebtedness to receive payments or distributions of cash, property or securities of the Capital Corporation applicable to Senior Indebtedness until the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Securities shall be paid in full and no such payments or distributions to the holders of the Securities of cash, property or securities otherwise distributable to the holders of Senior Indebtedness shall, as between the Capital Corporation, its creditors other than the holders of Senior Indebtedness, and the holders of the Securities, be deemed to be a payment by the Capital Corporation to or on account of the Securities. It is understood that the provisions of this Article are, and are intended, solely for the purpose of defining the relative rights of the holders of the Securities, on the one hand, and the holders of Senior Indebtedness, on the other hand. Nothing contained in this Article or elsewhere in this Agreement or in the Securities is intended to or shall impair, as between the Capital Corporation, its creditors other than the holders of Senior Indebtedness, and the holders of the Securities, the obligation of the Capital Corporation, which is unconditional and absolute, to pay to the holders of the Securities the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Securities as and when the same shall become due and payable in accordance with their terms, or to affect the relative rights of the holders of the Securities and creditors of the Capital Corporation other than the holders of Senior Indebtedness, nor shall anything herein or in the instruments or other evidence of the Securities prevent any trustee for the holders of the Securities or the holder of any Securities from exercising all remedies otherwise permitted by applicable law upon default under this Agreement or such instrument or other evidence, subject to the rights, if any, under this Article of the holders of Senior Indebtedness in respect of cash, property or securities of the Capital Corporation received upon the exercise of any such remedy. Section 3. No Payment on Securities in Event of Non-Payment When Due of Senior Indebtedness . No payment by the Capital Corporation on account of principal (or premium, if any), sinking funds, or interest on the Securities shall be made unless full payment of amounts then due for principal, premium, if any, sinking funds and interest and letter of credit fees and commitment fees on Senior Indebtedness has been made or duly provided for in money or money s worth. 

SCHEDULE II COMMITMENTS Bank Commitment JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 210,937,500 Bank of America, N.A. 210,937,500 Citibank, N.A. 210,937,500 Barclays Bank PLC 175,781,250 HSBC Bank USA, N.A. 175,781,250 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 175,781,250 Royal Bank of Canada 175,781,250 The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch 156,250,000 Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 140,625,000 Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch 140,625,000 Goldman Sachs Bank USA 140,625,000 BNP Paribas 93,750,000 Commerzbank AG New York Branch 93,750,000 Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. New York Branch 39,062,500 Banco Santander, S.A., New York Branch 39,062,500 The Bank of New York Mellon 39,062,500 The Bank of Nova Scotia 39,062,500 PNC Bank, National Association 39,062,500 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 39,062,500 Standard Chartered Bank 39,062,500 U.S. Bank National Association 39,062,500 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 39,062,500 Bank of China, Chicago Branch 15,625,000 ICICI Bank Limited New York Branch 15,625,000 Nordea Bank Abp, New York Branch 15,625,000 TOTAL 2,500,000,000 

SCHEDULE III EXISTING LETTERS OF CREDIT None. 

EXHIBIT A [FORM OF BORROWING NOTICE] [ ], 20 2__ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement referred to below 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Telephone: (302) 634-9770 Facsimile: (302) 634-4733 Ladies and Gentlemen: Pursuant to subsection 2.1(c) of the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among DEERE COMPANY, JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, CITIBANK, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), the undersigned hereby requests that the following Committed Rate Loans be made on __________, 20__ as follows: 

(1) Total Amount of Committed Rate Loans ____________ (2) Requested Currency _____________ (3) Amount of (1) to be allocated to Eurocurrency Loans ____________ (4) Amount of (1) to be allocated to ABR Loans ____________ (5) Amount of (1) to be allocated to SONIA Loans ____________ 5 6 Interest Periods and amounts to be allocated thereto in respect of Eurocurrency Loans (amounts must total (3)): (i) one month ____________ (ii) two months ____________ (iii) three months ____________ (iv) six months ____________ (v) 30 days (if Canadian Dollars requested) ____________ (vi) 60 days (if Canadian Dollars requested) ____________ 

A- 2 
 (vii) 90 days (if Canadian Dollars requested) ____________ Total Eurocurrency Loans ____________ 
 NOTE: THE AMOUNT APPEARING IN LINE (1) ABOVE MUST BE AT LEAST EQUAL TO 25,000,000 AND IN A WHOLE MULTIPLE OF 5,000,000 (OR THE FOREIGN CURRENCY EQUIVALENT IN THE CASE OF FOREIGN CURRENCY LOANS) AND THE AMOUNTS APPEARING IN EACH OTHER LINE ABOVE MUST BE AT LEAST EQUAL TO 10,000,000 AND IN A WHOLE MULTIPLE OF 1,000,000 (OR THE FOREIGN CURRENCY EQUIVALENT IN THE CASE OF FOREIGN CURRENCY LOANS). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the same meanings when used herein. Very truly yours, [DEERE COMPANY] [JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION] [JOHN DEERE BANK S.A.] By: Title: 

EXHIBIT B [FORM OF BID LOAN REQUEST] _______, 20__ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement referred to below 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Telephone: (302) 634-9770 Facsimile: (302) 634-4733 Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among DEERE COMPANY, JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, CITIBANK, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as therein defined. This is an [Index Rate] [Absolute Rate] Bid Loan Request pursuant to subsection 2.2 of the Credit Agreement requesting quotes for the following Bid Loans: Aggregate Principal Amount _____________ ____________ ____________ Borrowing Date _____________ ____________ ____________ Interest Period _____________ ____________ ____________ Maturity Period _____________ ____________ ____________ Interest Payment Dates _____________ ____________ ____________ Interest Rate Basis 360 day year 

B- 2 
 NOTE: THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNTS APPEARING ABOVE MUST BE IN THE AGGREGATE AT LEAST EQUAL TO 25,000,000 AND IN A WHOLE MULTIPLE OF 5,000,000. Very truly yours, [DEERE COMPANY] [JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION] By: Title: __________ Note: Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, a Bid Loan Request may be transmitted by facsimile transmission, or by telephone, immediately confirmed by facsimile transmission. In any case, a Bid Loan Request shall contain the information specified in the second paragraph of this form. 

EXHIBIT C [FORM OF BID LOAN OFFER] _______, 20__ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement referred to below 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Telephone: (302) 634-9770 Facsimile: (302) 634-4733 Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among DEERE COMPANY, JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, CITIBANK, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as therein defined. In accordance with subsection 2.2 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned Bid Loan Bank offers to make Bid Loans thereunder in the following amounts with the following maturity dates: Borrowing Date: _________________, 20__ Aggregate Maximum Amount: ________ 

C- 2 
 Maturity Date 1: Maturity Date 2: Maturity Date 3: Maximum Amount _____ Maximum Amount _______ Maximum Amount ______ Rate ____Amount ______ Rate ____Amount ______ Rate ___Amount _______ Rate ____Amount ______ Rate ____Amount ______ Rate ___Amount _______ 
 Very truly yours, [NAME OF BID LOAN BANK] By: Name: Title: Telephone: Facsimile: If Index Rate Bid Loan, insert percentage above or below Eurocurrency Rate. 

EXHIBIT D [FORM OF BID LOAN CONFIRMATION] _______, 20__ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement referred to below 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Telephone: (302) 634-9770 Facsimile: (302) 634-4733 Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among DEERE COMPANY, JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, CITIBANK, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as therein defined. In accordance with subsection 2.2 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned accepts and confirms the offers by Bid Loan Bank(s) to make Bid Loans to the undersigned on ______________, 20__ [Borrowing Date] under said subsection 2.2 in the (respective) amount(s) set forth on the attached list of Bid Loans offered. Very truly yours, [DEERE COMPANY] [JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION] By: Title: [Borrower to attach Bid Loan Offer list prepared by Administrative Agent with accepted amount entered by the Borrower to right of each Bid Loan Offer]. 

EXHIBIT E [FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION] ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION This Assignment and Assumption (the Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the date set forth below (the Effective Date and is entered into between the Assignor named below (the Assignor and the Assignee named below (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, the Credit Agreement ), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent below (i) all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Bank under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including any letters of credit and guarantees included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Bank) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest ). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 1. Assignor: ______________________________ 2. Assignee: ______________________________ [and is an affiliate/Approved Fund of [ identify Bank ] 2 ] 3. Borrower(s): ______________________________ 4. Administrative Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 5. Credit Agreement: The 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 among Deere Company , John Deere Capital Corporation , John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the 
 2 Select as applicable. 

E- 2 
 other agents parties thereto 6. Assigned Interest: Facility Assigned 3 Aggregate Amount of Commitment/Loans for all Banks Amount of Commitment/Loans Assigned Percentage Assigned of Commitment/Loans 4 
 Effective Date: ______________, 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] The Assignee expressly confirms that it [can/cannot] exempt the Administrative Agent and the Foreign Currency Agent from the restrictions pursuant to section 181 of the German Civil Code (B rgerliches Gesetzbuch) and similar restrictions applicable to it pursuant to any other applicable law as provided for in subsection 9.1(d) of the Credit Agreement. The Assignee agrees to deliver to the Administrative Agent a completed administrative questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrowers and their affiliates or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: ASSIGNOR _________________________________ NAME OF ASSIGNOR By:______________________________ Title: ASSIGNEE _________________________________ NAME OF ASSIGNEE By:______________________________ Title: 
 3 Fill in the appropriate terminology for the types of facilities under the Credit Agreement that are being assigned under this Assignment (e.g. Commitment or L/C Commitment ). 4 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Banks. 

[Consented to and] 5 Accepted: JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By_________________________________ Title: [Consented to:] 6 DEERE COMPANY By________________________________ Title: 
 5 To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 6 To be added only if the consent of the Borrower and/or other parties (e.g. Issuing Bank) is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

ANNEX 1 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (the Credit Agreement among Deere Company , John Deere Capital Corporation , John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents parties thereto STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 1. Representations and Warranties . 1.1 Assignor . The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrowers, any of their respective Subsidiaries or affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of the Credit Agreement or (iv) the performance or observance by each Borrower, any of their Subsidiaries or affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under the Credit Agreement. 1.2. Assignee . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Bank under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become a Bank, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Bank thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Bank thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 thereof, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Bank and (v) if it is a Non-U.S. Bank, attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Bank, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Bank. 2. Payments . From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. 3. General Provisions . This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and 

I- 2 
 Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by email or telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

EXHIBIT F [RESERVED] 

EXHIBIT G [FORM OF OPINION OF GENERAL COUNSEL TO THE COMPANY] [Closing Date] To each of the Banks parties to the Credit Agreement referred to below and to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent Deere Company and John Deere Capital Corporation 2025 Credit Agreement Ladies and Gentlemen: This opinion is furnished to you pursuant to subsection 4.1(c) of the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (the Credit Agreement among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation and, together with the Company, the U.S. Borrowers and John Deere Bank S.A., the Banks parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement and not otherwise defined in this opinion are used herein as defined in the Credit Agreement. I am General Counsel of the Company and have also acted as counsel for the Capital Corporation in this matter. I am familiar with the corporate history and organization of each U.S. Borrower and of its Subsidiaries and the proceedings relating to the authorization, execution and delivery by each U.S. Borrower of the Credit Agreement. In that connection I have examined or caused to have examined: 1. The Credit Agreement; 2. The documents furnished by each of the U.S. Borrowers pursuant to Section 4 of the Credit Agreement; 3. The Certificates of Incorporation of the U.S. Borrowers and all amendments thereto (the Charters 4. The bylaws of the U.S. Borrowers and all amendments thereto (the Bylaws and 5. Certificates of the Secretary of State of Delaware, each dated a recent date, attesting to the continued corporate existence and good standing of the U.S. Borrowers in that State. In addition, I have reviewed or caused to have reviewed such of the corporate proceedings of the U.S. Borrowers, and have examined or caused to have examined such documents, corporate records, and other instruments relating to the organization of the U.S. Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries and such other agreements and instruments to which the U.S. Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries are parties, as I consider necessary as a basis for the opinions hereinafter 

G- 2 
 expressed. I have assumed the due execution and delivery, pursuant to due authorization, of the Credit Agreement by the Banks, the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, and the Documentation Agent, and the authenticity of all documents submitted to me as originals and the conformity to the original documents of all documents submitted to me as certified, conformed or photostatic or electronic copies. I am qualified to practice law in the State of Illinois and the State of Iowa and do not purport to be an expert on, and do not express any opinion herein concerning, any laws other than the laws of the State of Illinois and the State of Iowa, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and the Federal laws of the United States. Based upon the foregoing and upon such investigation as I have deemed necessary, I am of the following opinion: 1. Each of the Company and the Capital Corporation is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has the corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now being conducted and to own its properties. 2. The execution, delivery and performance by each U.S. Borrower of the Credit Agreement are within such U.S. Borrower s corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not (i) contravene, or constitute a default under the Charter or the Bylaws of such U.S. Borrower, any judgment, law, rule or regulation applicable to such U.S. Borrower, or any Contractual Obligation by which such U.S. Borrower is bound or (ii) result in the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of its property or assets. The Credit Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each U.S. Borrower. 3. No authorization, approval, or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by each U.S. Borrower of the Credit Agreement. 4. There is no pending or, to the best of my knowledge, threatened action or proceeding against either U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator which is likely to have a materially adverse effect upon the financial condition or operations of such U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. A copy of this opinion letter may be delivered by any of you to any person that becomes a Bank in accordance with the provisions of the Credit Agreement. Any such person may rely on the opinions expressed above as if this opinion letter were addressed and delivered to such person on the date hereof. This opinion letter is rendered to you in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement. This opinion letter may not be relied upon by you or any person entitled to rely on this opinion pursuant to the preceding paragraph for any other purpose without my prior written consent. This opinion letter speaks only as of the date hereof. I expressly disclaim any responsibility to advise you of any development or circumstance of any kind, including any change of law or fact, that may occur after the date of this opinion letter even though such development or circumstance 

G- 3 
 may affect the legal analysis, a legal conclusion or any other matter set forth in or relating to this opinion letter. Very truly yours, Mary K.W. Jones 

EXHIBIT H [FORM OF ENFORCEABILITY OPINION OF SPECIAL NEW YORK COUNSEL TO THE BORROWERS] [Closing Date] To the Agent and each of the Banks under the Credit Agreement (referred to below) on the date hereof: Re: 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021, by and among Deere Company, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A., a public limited company organized under the laws of Luxembourg JD Luxembourg , and together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), the financial institutions from time to time party thereto as lenders (the Lenders ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent for the Banks (in such capacity, the Agent and the other parties thereto (such credit agreement herein referred to as the Credit Agreement Ladies and Gentlemen: We are issuing this opinion letter in our capacity as counsel to and at the request of the Borrowers in respect of the Credit Agreement. The opinions expressed herein are being provided pursuant to Section 4.1(c) of the Credit Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Credit Agreement (with references herein to the Credit Agreement and each document defined therein meaning the Credit Agreement and each such document as executed and delivered on the date hereof). The Banks and the Agent are sometimes referred to in this opinion letter as you . In connection with the preparation of this letter, we have, among other things, reviewed executed counterparts of the Credit Agreement. Subject to the assumptions, qualifications, exclusions and other limitations which are identified in this opinion letter, we advise you, and with respect to each legal issue addressed in this opinion letter, it is our opinion, that (a) the Credit Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of each Borrower that is a party thereto and is enforceable against such Borrower in accordance with its terms and (b) the guarantee by the Capital Corporation pursuant to Section 2.27 of the Credit Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of the Capital Corporation and is enforceable against the Capital Corporation in accordance with its terms. With your consent, we have assumed for purposes of this letter and the opinions herein: (a) that each document we have reviewed for purposes of this letter is accurate and complete, each such document that is an original is authentic, each such document that is a copy conforms to an authentic original, and all signatures on each such document are genuine, and that all natural persons who have signed any document have the legal capacity to do so; 

I- 2 
 (b) that the Credit Agreement and every other agreement we have examined for purposes of this letter has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the parties thereto and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of each party to that document, enforceable against each such party in accordance with its respective terms and that each such party has satisfied all legal requirements that are applicable to such party to the extent necessary to entitle such party to enforce such agreement and that each party to the Credit Agreement is in good standing and duly incorporated or organized under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization except we do not assume in this paragraph (b) that the Credit Agreement is a valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms against the Borrowers; (c) there are no agreements or understandings among the parties, written or oral (other than the Credit Agreement), and there is no usage of trade or course of prior dealing among the parties that would, in either case define, supplement or qualify the terms of the Credit Agreement; and (d) that the status of the Credit Agreement as legally valid and binding obligations of the parties is not affected by any (i) breaches of, or defaults under, agreements or instruments, (ii) violations of statutes, rules, regulations or court or governmental orders, or (iii) failures to obtain required consents, approvals or authorizations from, or make required registrations, declarations or filings with, governmental authorities. In preparing this letter, we have relied without any independent verification upon: (i) information contained in certificates obtained from governmental authorities; (ii) factual information represented to be true in the Credit Agreement; (iii) factual information provided to us in a support certificate signed by each of the Borrowers; and (iv) factual information we have obtained from such other sources as we have deemed reasonable; and we have examined the originals or copies certified to our satisfaction, of the Credit Agreement and other corporate records of the Borrowers as we deem necessary for or relevant to our opinions. We have assumed without investigation that the information upon which we have relied is accurate and does not omit disclosures necessary to prevent such information from being misleading. The terms knowledge , actual knowledge and aware whenever used in this letter with respect to our firm mean conscious awareness at the time this letter is delivered on the date it bears by the lawyers with Kirkland Ellis LLP at that time who spent substantial time representing the Borrower in connection with the Credit Agreement (herein called our Designated Transaction Lawyers ). Our opinion (an enforceability opinion in this letter that any particular contract is a valid and binding obligation or is enforceable in accordance with its terms is subject to: (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally and judicially developed doctrines in this area such as substantive consolidation and equitable subordination; (ii) the effect of general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity); (iii) an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; and (iv) other commonly recognized statutory and judicial constraints on enforceability including statutes of limitations. General principles of equity include but are not limited to: principles limiting the availability of specific performance and injunctive relief; principles which limit the availability of a remedy under certain circumstances where another remedy has been elected; principles requiring reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing in the performance and enforcement of an agreement by the party seeking enforcement; principles which may permit a party to cure a material failure to perform its obligations; and principles affording equitable defenses such as waiver, laches and estoppel. Our enforceability opinion is also subject to the qualification that certain provisions of the Credit Agreement may not be enforceable in whole or in part, although the inclusion of such provisions does not render the Credit Agreement invalid, and the Credit Agreement and the law of the State of New York contain adequate remedial provisions for the practical realization of the rights and benefits afforded thereby. 

I- 3 
 Our enforceability opinion is further subject to the effect of rules of law that may render guaranties or other similar instruments or agreements unenforceable under circumstances where your actions, failures to act or waivers, amendments or replacement of the Credit Agreement (i) so radically change the essential nature of the terms and conditions of the guaranteed obligations and the related transactions that, in effect, a new relationship has arisen between you and the Borrowers which is substantially and materially different from that presently contemplated by the Credit Agreement, (ii) release the primary obligor, or (iii) impair the guarantor s recourse against the primary obligor. We also express no opinion regarding the enforceability of any so-called fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer savings clauses and any similar provisions in the Credit Agreement to the extent such provisions purport to limit the amount of the obligations of any party or the right to contribution of any other party with respect to such obligations. We render no opinion regarding the validity, binding effect or enforceability of the Credit Agreement with respect to any Borrower to the extent the Credit Agreement involves any obligation (including any guaranty) of such Borrower with respect to any swap (as such term is defined in the Commodity Exchange Act) if such Borrower is not an eligible contract participant (as such term is defined in the Commodity Exchange Act) at the time such obligation is incurred by such Borrower. We render no opinion with regard to usury or other laws limiting or regulating the maximum amount of interest that may be charged, collected, received or contracted for other than the internal laws of the State of New York, and without limiting the foregoing, we expressly disclaim any opinion as to the usury or other such laws of any other jurisdiction (including laws of other states made applicable through principles of Federal preemption or otherwise) which may be applicable to the transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement. Nothing contained in this letter covers or otherwise addresses any of the following types of provisions which may be contained in the Credit Agreement: (i) provisions mandating contribution towards judgments or settlements among various parties; (ii) waivers of benefits and rights to the extent they cannot be waived under applicable law; (iii) provisions providing for penalties, liquidated damages, acceleration of future amounts due (other than principal) without appropriate discount to present value, late charges, prepayment charges, interest upon interest, or increased interest rates upon default; (iv) provisions which might require indemnification or contribution in violation of general principles of equity or public policy, including, without limitation, indemnification or contribution obligations which arise out of the failure to comply with applicable state or federal securities laws; (v) agreements to submit to the jurisdiction of any particular court or other governmental authority (either as to personal or subject matter jurisdiction); provisions restricting access to courts; waiver of service of process requirements which would otherwise be applicable; waiver of the right to a jury trial and provisions otherwise purporting to affect the jurisdiction and venue of courts; (vi) choice-of-law provisions; (vii) provisions regarding arbitration; (viii) covenants not to compete; 

I- 4 
 (ix) provisions that authorize you to set off and apply any deposits at any time held, and any other indebtedness at any time owing, by you to or for the account of the Borrowers, or (x) requirements in the Credit Agreement specifying that provisions thereof may only be waived in writing. Except as expressly otherwise set forth in this letter, our advice on every legal issue addressed in this letter is based exclusively on the internal laws of the State of New York or the Federal law of the United States which, in each case, in our experience is generally applicable both to general business organizations which are not engaged in regulated business activities and to transactions of the type contemplated in the Credit Agreement, on the one hand, and you, on the other hand (but without our having made any special investigation as to any other laws), except that we express no opinion or advice as to any law or legal issue (a) which might be violated by any misrepresentation or omission or a fraudulent act, or (b) to which any Borrower may be subject as a result of your legal or regulatory status, your sale or transfer of the Loans or interests therein or your involvement in the transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement. None of the opinions or other advice contained in this letter considers or covers: (i) any federal or state securities (or blue sky laws or regulations or Federal Reserve Board margin regulations or (ii) federal or state antitrust and unfair competition laws and regulations, pension and employee benefit laws and regulations, compliance with fiduciary duty requirements, federal and state environmental, land use and subdivision, tax, racketeering (e.g., RICO), health and safety (e.g., OSHA), and labor laws and regulations, federal and state laws, regulations and policies concerning national and local emergency, possible judicial deference to acts of sovereign states and criminal and civil forfeiture laws, and other federal and state statutes of general application to the extent they provide for criminal prosecution (e.g., mail fraud and wire fraud statutes). We also express no opinion regarding any laws relating to terrorism or money laundering, including Executive Order No. 13224, 66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (published September 25, 2001) (the Terrorism Executive Order or any related enabling legislation or any other similar executive order (collectively with the Terrorism Executive Order, the Executive Orders ), the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Public Law 107-56, the Patriot Act ), any sanctions and regulations promulgated under authority granted by the Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 1-44, as amended from time to time, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1701-06, as amended from time to time, the Iraqi Sanctions Act, Publ. L. No. 101-513; United Nations Participation Act, 22 U.S.C. 287c, as amended from time to time, the International Security and Development Cooperation Act, 22 U.S.C. 2349 aa-9, as amended from time to time, The Cuban Democracy Act, 22 U.S.C. 6001-10, as amended from time to time, The Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity Act, 18 U.S.C. 2332d and 2339b, as amended from time to time, and The Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act, Publ. L. No. 106-120, as amended from time to time. We express no opinion as to what law might be applied by any other courts to resolve any issue addressed in this letter. We advise you that issues addressed by this letter may be governed in whole or in part by other laws, but we express no opinion as to whether any relevant difference exists between the laws upon which our opinions are based and any other laws which may actually govern. This opinion letter speaks as of the time of its delivery on the date it bears. We do not assume any obligation to provide you with any subsequent opinion or advice by reason of any fact about which our Designated Transaction Lawyers did not have actual knowledge at that time, by reason of any change subsequent to that time in any law covered by any of our opinions, or for any other reason. 

I- 5 
 You may rely upon this letter only for the purpose served by the provision in the Credit Agreement cited in the second paragraph of this opinion letter in response to which it has been delivered. Without our written consent: (i) no person other than you may rely on this opinion letter for any purpose; (ii) this opinion letter may not be cited or quoted in any financial statement, prospectus, private placement memorandum or other similar document; (iii) this opinion letter may not be cited or quoted in any other document or communication which might encourage reliance upon this opinion letter by any person or for any purpose excluded by the restrictions in this paragraph; and (iv) copies of this opinion letter may not be furnished to anyone for purposes of encouraging such reliance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, financial institutions which subsequently become Banks in accordance with the terms of Section 10.5 of the Credit Agreement may rely on this opinion letter as of the time of its delivery on the date hereof as if this letter were addressed to them. Sincerely, KIRKLAND ELLIS LLP 

I- 6 
 EXHIBIT I [FORM OF EXTENSION REQUEST] ____________________, 20__ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Telephone: (302) 634-9770 Facsimile: (302) 634-4733 Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among Deere Company, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., the Banks parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as therein defined. This is an Extension Request pursuant to subsection 2.16 of the Credit Agreement requesting an extension of the Termination Date to [INSERT REQUESTED TERMINATION DATE]. Please transmit a copy of this Extension Request to each of the Banks. Very truly yours, DEERE COMPANY By: Title: JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: Title: JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: Title: 

EXHIBIT J [FORM OF W-8BEN-E TAX LETTER] [To be sent in DUPLICATE and accompanied by TWO executed copies of Form W-8BEN-E of the Internal Revenue Service] [Bank s Letterhead] ________________, 20__ Deere Company One John Deere Place Moline, Illinois 61265 Attention: Treasurer John Deere Capital Corporation First National Bank Building 1 East First Street Reno, Nevada 89501 Attention: Manager [John Deere Bank S.A. 43, avenue John F. Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Attention: ] Re: 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 with Deere Company, and John Deere Capital Corporation and John Deere Bank S.A. Ladies and Gentlemen: In connection with the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among Deere Company, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., the Banks parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, we hereby represent and warrant that [name of Bank, address] is a [name of Country] corporation and is currently exempt from any U.S. federal withholding tax on payments to it from U.S. sources by virtue of compliance with the provisions of the Income Tax Convention between the United States and [name of Country] signed [date], [as amended]. Our fiscal year is the twelve months ending [________________]. The undersigned (a) is a [corporation] organized under the laws of [_______] whose [registered] business is managed or controlled in [_______], (b) [does not have a permanent establishment or fixed base in the United States] [does have a permanent establishment or fixed base in the United States but the above Agreement is not effectively connected with such permanent establishment or fixed base], (c) is not exempt from tax on the income in [_______] and (d) is the beneficial owner of the income. 

J- 2 
 We enclose herewith two copies of Form W-8BEN-E of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Yours faithfully, [NAME OF BANK] By: Title: cc: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

EXHIBIT K [FORM OF W-8ECI TAX LETTER] [To be sent in DUPLICATE and accompanied by TWO executed copies of Form W-8ECI of the Internal Revenue Service] [Bank s Letterhead] ______________, 20__ Deere Company One John Deere Place Moline, Illinois 61265 Attention: Treasurer John Deere Capital Corporation First National Bank Building 1 East First Street Reno, Nevada 89501 Attention: Manager [John Deere Bank S.A. 43, avenue John F. Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Attention:] Re: 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 with Deere Company, and John Deere Capital Corporation and John Deere Bank S.A. Ladies and Gentlemen: In connection with the above 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among Deere Company, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., the Banks parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, we hereby represent and warrant that [name of Bank, address] is a [corporation] and is entitled to exemption from U.S. federal withholding tax on payments to it under the Agreement by virtue of Section 1441(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of the United States of America and Treasury Regulation Section 1.1441-4(a) thereunder. 

K- 2 
 We enclose herewith two copies of Form W-8ECI of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Yours faithfully, [NAME OF BANK] By: Title: cc: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

EXHIBIT L [FORM OF REPLACEMENT BANK AGREEMENT] THIS AGREEMENT, dated as of _____, 20__ Agreement ), among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A. (the JD Luxembourg ____________ New Bank and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Existing Banks referred to below. W I T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS, the Company, the Capital Corporation, JD Luxembourg, the several financial institutions parties thereto (the Existing Banks ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent are parties to the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021 (as the same may have been or may hereafter be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Credit Agreement terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined); WHEREAS, subsection 2.19 of the Credit Agreement provides that one or more financial institutions (which may be Existing Banks) may be added as a Bank or Banks for purposes of the Credit Agreement upon the cancellation of all or a portion of the Commitments pursuant to subsection 2.13(a), (b) or (c), 2.16(c) or 2.17(b) of the Credit Agreement or the expiration of all or a portion of the Commitments pursuant to subsection 2.16(b) of the Credit Agreement or upon a Defaulting Bank becoming a Cancelled Bank and the execution of an agreement in substantially the form of this Agreement; WHEREAS, the Borrowers have cancelled or there have expired an aggregate principal amount of Commitments equal to ______which have not heretofore been replaced (the Cancelled Commitments the Banks that are maintaining or have maintained the Cancelled Commitments being collectively referred to as Cancelled Banks such Cancelled Commitments being on the date hereof, or on the date of notice of cancellation hereof having been, utilized as follows: Principal Amount Last day of Interest Period I Unused Portion N/A II Committed Rate Loa ns Eurocurrency Loans 1 2 3 ABR Loans N/A III Bid Loans 1 2 3 IV Negotiated Rate Loans 

L- 2 
 1 2 3 
 WHEREAS, the cancellation of the Cancelled Commitments is effective in accordance with the Credit Agreement; and WHEREAS, [the Borrowers desire the New Bank to become, and the New Bank is agreeable, to becoming, a Bank for purposes of the Credit Agreement] [the New Bank is an Existing Bank and the Borrowers desire the New Bank to increase, and the New Bank is agreeable to increasing, its Commitment] on the terms contained herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Benefits of Agreement . The Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the New Bank hereby [agree that on and as of the date hereof the New Bank shall be] [confirm that the New Bank is] a Bank for all purposes and shall [continue to] be bound by and entitled to the benefits of the Credit Agreement [as if the New Bank had been named on the signature pages thereof], provided that the New Bank shall not assume and shall, except as herein provided, have no obligations in respect of any Loans outstanding on the date hereof and made by any [Existing Bank.] [Cancelled Bank.] 2. Commitment of New Bank . The Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the New Bank hereby agree that on and as of the dates set forth below the New Bank shall replace, as specified herein, _ (such percentage being referred to as the New Bank s Percentage of each utilization of the Cancelled Commitments [set forth in the third recital hereof] [set forth under the caption Committed Rate Loans ] and that the aggregate Commitment of the New Bank shall on and as of the date hereof be _____ . In connection therewith, the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the New Bank hereby agree as follows : (i) for purposes of determining such New Bank s pro rata share of each Committed Rate Loan borrowing advanced on or after the date hereof such Bank s Commitment shall be equal to [ same as above ]; (ii) the unused and available portion of such New Bank s Commitment shall be deemed utilized by its Percentage of the Committed Rate Loans made by the Cancelled Banks and listed in the third recital hereof. In furtherance thereof, the unused and available portion of such New Bank s Commitment shall, on the earlier of (x) the last day of each Interest Period specified for each outstanding Committed Rate Loan in the third recital hereof (and the payment in full to the Cancelled Banks of the principal thereof and accrued interest thereon) and (y) the prepayment of the principal of such Loans 
 As appropriate for New or Existing Banks. Insert amount equal to sum of New Bank s existing Commitment, if any, plus New Bank s Percentage of Cancelled Commitments. The following clauses (ii)-(iii) may be altered to reflect the agreements among the Cancelled Bank, the New Bank and the Borrowers provided such agreements do not adversely affect any Existing Bank or the Administrative Agent. 

L- 3 
 together with accrued interest thereon, automatically and without any further action by any party increase by an amount equal to the New Bank s Percentage of such Loan; and (iii) [(A)] [concurrently with the execution hereof the New Bank shall disburse to each Borrower in immediately available funds such amount as shall be necessary so that (x) the ratio which each Bank s outstanding ABR Loans bears to all of the outstanding ABR Loans and (y) the ratio which each Bank s outstanding SONIA Loans bears to all of the outstanding SONIA Loans, in each case equals the ratio which each Bank s Commitment (determined, for the New Bank, in accordance with clause (i) above) bears to all of the Commitments (determined, for the New Bank, in accordance with the immediately foregoing parenthetical);] [(B)] [on the last day of each Interest Period for each outstanding Eurocurrency Loan, automatically and without any further action by either Borrower, the New Bank shall disburse to each Borrower in immediately available funds such amounts as shall be necessary so that the ratio which each Bank s outstanding Eurocurrency Loans, bears to all of the outstanding Eurocurrency Loans, equals the ratio which each Bank s Commitment (determined, for the New Bank, in accordance with clause (i) hereof) bears to all of the Commitments (determined, for the New Bank, in accordance with the immediately foregoing parenthetical);] [(C)] [Funding of outstanding Bid Loans of Cancelled Banks] [(D)] [Funding of outstanding Negotiated Rate Loans of Cancelled Banks]. 3. Representation and Warranty of Borrowers . The Borrowers hereby represent and warrant that after giving effect to the provisions of paragraph 2 hereof the aggregate principal amount of the Commitments of all Banks (including, without limitation, the Commitment of the New Bank but excluding the cancelled or expired portion of the Commitments of the Cancelled Banks) under the Credit Agreement do not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the Commitments in effect immediately prior to the cancellation referred to in the third recital hereof. 4. Confidentiality . The New Bank agrees to [continue to] be bound by the provisions of subsection 10.7 of the Credit Agreement. [5. Taxes . The New Bank (i) represents to the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers that [it is incorporated under the laws of the United States or a state thereof][under applicable law and treaties no taxes will be required to be withheld by the Administrative Agent or the Borrowers with respect to any payments to be made to such New Bank in respect of the Loans], (ii) represents that it has furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers (A) [a statement that it is incorporated under the laws of the United States or a state thereof][a letter in duplicate in the form of Exhibit [J][K] to the Credit Agreement and two duly completed copies of United States Internal Revenue Service Form [W-8BEN-E] [W-8ECI] [successor applicable form], certifying that such New Bank is entitled to receive payments under the Credit Agreement without deduction or withholding of any United States federal income taxes], and (B) [an Internal Revenue Service Form [W-8BEN-E] [successor applicable form] to establish an exemption from United States backup withholding tax, and (iii) agrees to provide the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers a new Form [W-8BEN-E] and Form [W-8ECI], or successor applicable form or other manner of certification, on or before the date that any such letter or form expires or becomes obsolete or after the occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent letter and form 
 To be completed upon agreement of Borrowers and New Bank. 

L- 4 
 previously delivered by it, certifying in the case of a Form [W-8BEN-E] [W-8ECI] that it is entitled to receive payments under the Credit Agreement without deduction or withholding of any United States federal income tax, and in the case of a Form [W-8BEN-E] establishing exemption from United States backup withholding tax.] [5][6]. Miscellaneous . (a) This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts and all of the counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument and shall be effective only upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of all of the counterparts. (b) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 
 Use for non-Existing Banks. 

L- 5 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. DEERE COMPANY By: Title: JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: Title: JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: Title: [NAME OF NEW BANK] By: Title: [Address] Telephone: Facsimile: JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: Title: 

EXHIBIT M [FORM OF BID LOAN OR NEGOTIATED RATE LOAN NOTE] PROMISSORY NOTE __________ New York, New York ___________ __, 20__ FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, [DEERE COMPANY] [JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION], a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), hereby promises to pay on [insert maturity date or dates] to ________________ or registered assigns (the Bank at the office of [JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. located at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179 -- for Bid Loan Note] [Name and address of Bank -- for Negotiated Rate Loan Note], in lawful money of [the United States of America] and in immediately available funds, the principal sum of ______________[DOLLARS ____________)]. The undersigned further agrees to pay interest in like money at such office on the unpaid principal amount hereof from time to time from the date hereof [at the rate of ___ per annum -- for Bid Loan Note] [specify rate for Negotiated Rate Loan Note] (calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed) until the due date hereof (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration, or otherwise) and thereafter at the rates determined or agreed in accordance with subsection 2.2(e) of the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021 (the Credit Agreement ), among the Borrower, [Deere Company] [John Deere Capital Corporation], John Deere Bank S.A., the Bank, the other financial institutions parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent. Interest shall be payable on _______________. This Note may be prepaid pursuant to the provisions of subsection 2.6 of the Credit Agreement. This Note is one of the [Bid] [Negotiated Rate Loan] Notes referred to in, is subject to and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement, which Credit Agreement, among other things, contains provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the occurrence of any one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Credit Agreement. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with their defined meanings unless otherwise defined herein. This Note shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. [DEERE COMPANY] [JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION] By: Title: 

EXHIBIT N FORM OF NEW BANK SUPPLEMENT SUPPLEMENT, dated _______ __, to the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement (as in effect on the date hereof, the Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021, among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., the banks and other financial institutions from time to time party thereto (each a Bank , and together, the Banks ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent for the Banks, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent. Unless the context otherwise requires, all capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement. W I T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS, the Credit Agreement provides in subsection 2.20 thereof that any bank or financial institution, although not originally a party thereto, may become a party to the Credit Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof by executing and delivering to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent a supplement to the Credit Agreement in substantially the form of this New Bank Supplement; and WHEREAS, the undersigned was not an original party to the Credit Agreement but now desires to become a party thereto; NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned hereby agrees as follows: The undersigned agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and agrees that it shall, on the date this New Bank Supplement is accepted by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, become a Bank for all purposes of the Credit Agreement to the same extent as if originally a party thereto, with a Commitment of __________________. The undersigned (a) represents and warrants that it is legally authorized to enter into this New Bank Supplement; (b) confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 thereof and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this New Bank Supplement; (c) agrees that it has made and will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Bank and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement or any instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto; (d) appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as administrative agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under the Credit Agreement or any instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are incidental thereto; and (e) agrees that it will be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and will perform in accordance with its terms all the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Bank including, without limitation, its obligation pursuant to subsection 2.17(c), subsection 2.17(d) and subsection 2.17(e) of the Credit Agreement. The undersigned s address for notices for the purposes of the Credit Agreement is as follows: _______________________ 

Attention:_______________ _______________________ _______________________ Fax:____________________ 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this New Bank Supplement to be executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer on the date first above written. [NAME OF NEW BANK] By: Title: Accepted this _____ day of ______________, 20__ DEERE COMPANY By: Title: JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: Title: JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: Title: Accepted this _____ day of ______________, 20__ JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: Title: 

EXHIBIT O FORM OF COMMITMENT INCREASE SUPPLEMENT SUPPLEMENT, dated _______ 20__, to the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement (as in effect on the date hereof, the Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021, among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., the banks and other financial institutions from time to time party thereto (each a Bank , and together, the Banks ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent. Unless the context otherwise requires, all capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement. W I T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS, pursuant to the provisions of subsection 2.20 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned may increase the amount of its Commitment in accordance with the terms thereof by executing and delivering to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent a supplement to the Credit Agreement in substantially the form of this Supplement; and WHEREAS, the undersigned now desires to increase the amount of its Commitment under the Credit Agreement; NOW THEREFORE, the undersigned hereby agrees as follows: 1. The undersigned agrees, subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, that on the date this Supplement is accepted by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent it shall have its Commitment increased by ______________, thereby making the amount of its Commitment ______________. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Supplement to be executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer on the date first above written. [NAME OF BANK] By: Title: 

Accepted this _____ day of ______________, 20__ DEERE COMPANY By: Title: JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: Title: JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: Title: Accepted this _____ day of ______________, 20__ JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: Title: 

EXHIBIT P-1 FORM OF Certificate of Non-Bank Status (For Foreign Banks that Are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ), among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A. (the JD Luxembourg , and together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and each Bank from time to time party thereto. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten-percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (v) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned s conduct of a U.S. trade or business. The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. [NAME OF BANK] By:______________________________________ Name: Title: Date: [ ], 202[_] 

EXHIBIT P-2 
 FORM OF Certificate of Non-Bank Status (For Foreign Banks that Are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ), among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A. (the JD Luxembourg , and together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and each Bank from time to time party thereto. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Agreement, neither the undersigned nor any of its partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its partners/members is a ten-percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (v) none of its partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and (vi) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned s or its partners/members conduct of a U.S. trade or business. The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. [NAME OF BANK] By:______________________________________ Name: Title: Date: [ ], 202[_] 

EXHIBIT P-3 
 FORM OF Certificate of Non-Bank Status (For Non-U.S. Participants that Are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ), among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A. (the JD Luxembourg , and together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and each Bank from time to time party thereto. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten-percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and (v) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned s conduct of a U.S. trade or business. The undersigned has furnished its participating Bank with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Bank in writing and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Bank with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] By:______________________________________ Name: Title: Date: [ ], 202[_] 

FORM OF Certificate of Non-Bank Status (For Non-U.S. Participants that Are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ), among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A. (the JD Luxembourg , and together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and each Bank from time to time party thereto. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its partners/members is a ten-percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (v) none of its partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and (vi) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned s or its partners/members conduct of a U.S. trade or business. The undersigned has furnished its participating Bank with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E from each of its partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Bank and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Bank with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] By:______________________________________ Name: Title: Date: [ ], 202[_] 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.34>
 10
 de-20211031xex10d34.htm
 EX-10.34

Exhibit 10.34 EXECUTION VERSION 
 FIRST aMENDMENT This First Amendment, dated as of October 15, 2021 (this Amendment ), to the 2026 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement ), among (a) DEERE COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), (b) JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Capital Corporation ), (c) JOHN DEERE BANK S.A., a Luxembourg soci t anonyme JD Luxembourg , together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), (d) the several financial institutions parties thereto (the Banks ), (e) JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns, the Administrative Agent ), (f) CITIBANK, N.A., as documentation agent and (g) BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as syndication agent. W I T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Banks and the Administrative Agent are parties to the Existing Credit Agreement and the Borrowers have requested that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended as set forth herein (the Existing Credit Agreement, as so amended, the Credit Agreement WHEREAS, an Early Opt-in Election in respect of Pounds Sterling has occurred as a result of (i) a determination by the Company that at least five currently outstanding syndicated credit facilities documented in Pounds Sterling contain a new benchmark interest rate to replace the Relevant Rate in respect of Pounds Sterling and (ii) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Company to declare that an Early Opt-in Election has occurred with respect to Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling and the provision by the Administrative Agent and the Company of written notice of such election to the Banks; WHEREAS, the Company and the Administrative Agent desire to amend the Existing Credit Agreement to reflect the Benchmark Replacement with respect to Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, in accordance with clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1. Defined Terms . Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms are used herein as defined in the Credit Agreement. 
 SECTION 2. Amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3, the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended in accordance with Exhibit A hereto by deleting the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and by inserting the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text ), in each case in the place where such text appears therein; and 
 SECTION 3. Conditions to Effectiveness of this Amendment . This Amendment shall become effective on the date on which the following conditions precedent have been satisfied or waived (the date on which such conditions shall have been so satisfied or waived, the First Amendment Effective Date ): 

- 2 - 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received a counterpart of this Amendment, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of each Borrower. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid, and all expenses (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of legal counsel) for which invoices have been presented at least 2 Business Days (or such later date as agreed to by the Borrowers) prior to the First Amendment Effective Date. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall not have received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth Business Day after the date notice of the Early Opt-in Election in respect of Pounds Sterling and the Benchmark Replacement in respect thereof is provided to the Banks, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-In Election and Benchmark Replacement from Banks comprising the Majority Banks. 
 
 SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties . On and as of the date hereof, the Borrowers hereby confirm, reaffirm and restate that, prior to and after giving effect to this Amendment (i) the representations and warranties made by the Borrowers in the Existing Credit Agreement or which are contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished by any Borrower at any time under the Existing Credit Agreement or in connection herewith shall be correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof as if made on and as of such date (except (i) that any representations and warranties which expressly relate to an earlier date shall be correct in all material respects as of such earlier date and (ii) that any representations and warranties which are already qualified by materiality shall be correct in all respects) and (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing on the date hereof. 
 SECTION 5. Continuing Effect; No Other Amendments or Consents . 
 
 (a) Except as expressly provided herein, all of the terms and provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement are and shall remain in full force and effect. The amendments provided for herein are limited to the specific subsections of the Existing Credit Agreement specified herein and shall not constitute a consent, waiver or amendment of, or an indication of the Administrative Agent s or the Banks willingness to consent to any action requiring consent under any other provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement or the same subsection for any other date or time period. Upon the effectiveness of the amendments set forth herein, on and after the First Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, the Agreement, hereunder, hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to Credit Agreement, thereunder, thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement. 
 (b) The Borrowers and the Administrative Agent acknowledge and agree that this Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document. 
 
 SECTION 6. Expenses . The Borrowers agree to pay and reimburse the Administrative Agent for all its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation and delivery of this Amendment, and any other documents prepared in connection herewith and the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and disbursements counsel to the Administrative Agent, in accordance with the terms in the Credit Agreement. 

- 3 - 
 SECTION 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Amendment on any number of separate counterparts and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. A set of the copies of this Amendment signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Amendment, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) , each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided , further , without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Banks shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrowers without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Bank, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrowers hereby (i) agree that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Banks, and the Borrowers, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Amendment, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) the Administrative Agent and each of the Banks may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Amendment, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Amendment, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Amendment, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Indemnified Person for any Losses arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and/or any Bank s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Losses arising as a result of the failure of a Borrower to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature . 
 SECTION 8. Successors and Assigns . The provisions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that its submission of a signature page to this Amendment is irrevocable and binding on such party and its respective successors and assigns even if such signature page is submitted prior to the effectiveness of any amendment contained herein. 

- 4 - 
 SECTION 9. Severability . Any provision of this Amendment held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 10. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. DEERE COMPANY By: /s/ Andrew M. Recker Name: Andrew M. Recker Title: Assistant Treasurer JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: /s/ Andrew M. Recker Name: Andrew M. Recker Title: Assistant Treasurer JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: /s/ Andrew Traeger Name: Andrew Traeger Title: Member of the Board 
 By: /s/ Jeffrey A Trahan Name: Jeffrey A Trahan Title: VP Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Deere 2026 Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: /s/ Sean Bodkin Name: Sean Bodkin Title: Vice President 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Deere 2026 Credit Agreement] 

Exhibit A AMENDED CREDIT AGREEMENT [See attached] 

EXECUTION VERSION EXHIBIT A 
 DEERE COMPANY JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. ________________________________________ 2,500,000,000 2026 CREDIT AGREEMENT 1 Dated as of March 29, 2021 ________________________________________ JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent Citibank, N.A. , as Documentation Agent BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent ________________________________________ JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and BOFA SECURITIES, INC., as Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners 
 
 1 Conformed version reflects the First Amendment dated as of October 15, 2021. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS 1 
 1.1 Defined Terms 1 
 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions 27 
 1.3 Currency Conversion 27 
 1.4 Interest Rates; LIBOR Notification 28 
 SECTION 2. THE COMMITTED RATE LOANS; THE BID LOANS; THE NEGOTIATED RATE LOANS; AMOUNT AND TERMS 28 
 2.1 The Committed Rate Loans 28 
 2.2 The Bid Loans; the Negotiated Rate Loans 29 
 2.3 Loan Accounts 33 
 2.4 Fees 33 
 2.5 Termination or Reduction of Commitments; Cancellation of Capital Corporation or JD Luxembourg as Borrower 34 
 2.6 Prepayments 35 
 2.7 Minimum Amount of Certain Loans 36 
 2.8 Committed Rate Loan Interest Rate and Payment Dates 36 
 2.9 Conversion and Continuation Options 36 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 37 
 2.11 Inability to Determine Interest Rate 37 
 2.12 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments 40 
 2.13 Requirements of Law 42 
 2.14 Indemnity 46 
 2.15 Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent 47 
 2.16 Extension of Termination Date 47 
 2.17 Indemnified Taxes 48 
 2.18 Confirmations 51 
 2.19 Replacement of Cancelled Banks 52 
 2.20 Commitment Increases 52 
 2.21 [Reserved] 54 
 2.22 [Reserved] 54 
 2.23 Defaulting Banks 54 
 2.24 Judgment Currency 55 
 2.25 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate 56 
 2.26 Letters of Credit 56 
 2.27 Capital Corporation Guaranty 59 
 SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 61 
 3.1 Financial Condition 61 
 3.2 Corporate Existence 61 
 3.3 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations 61 
 3.4 No Legal Bar 61 
 3.5 No Material Litigation 62 
 3.6 Taxes 62 

 i 

3.7 Margin Regulations 62 
 3.8 Use of Proceeds 62 
 3.9 Sanctions Laws and Regulations 62 
 3.10 Beneficial Ownership Certification 62 
 SECTION 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 62 
 4.1 Conditions to Initial Extensions of Credit 62 
 4.2 Conditions to All Extensions of Credit 64 
 SECTION 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 65 
 5.1 Financial Statements 65 
 5.2 Certificates; Other Information 65 
 5.3 Company Indenture Documents 66 
 5.4 Capital Corporation Indenture Documents 66 
 5.5 Notice of Default 66 
 5.6 Ownership of Capital Corporation and JD Luxembourg Stock 66 
 5.7 Employee Benefit Plans 66 
 5.8 Compliance 66 
 SECTION 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY 67 
 6.1 Company May Consolidate, etc., Only on Certain Terms 67 
 6.2 Limitation on Liens 67 
 6.3 Limitations on Sale and Lease-back Transactions 70 
 6.4 Equipment Operations Debt 71 
 SECTION 7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF THE CAPITAL CORPORATION 71 
 7.1 Fixed Charges Ratio 71 
 7.2 Consolidated Senior Debt to Consolidated Capital Base 71 
 7.3 Limitation on Liens 71 
 7.4 Consolidation; Merger 72 
 SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 73 
 SECTION 9. THE AGENTS 75 
 9.1 Appointment 75 
 9.2 Delegation of Duties 76 
 9.3 Exculpatory Provisions 76 
 9.4 Reliance by Agents 76 
 9.5 Notice of Default 77 
 9.6 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Banks 78 
 9.7 Indemnification 78 
 9.8 Agents in their Individual Capacities 78 
 9.9 Successor Agents 79 
 SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS 79 
 10.1 Amendments and Waivers 79 
 10.2 Notices 80 

 ii 

10.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 82 
 10.4 Payment of Expenses 82 
 10.5 Successors and Assigns; Participations; Purchasing Banks 84 
 10.6 Adjustments 87 
 10.7 Confidentiality 88 
 10.8 Counterparts 88 
 10.9 GOVERNING LAW 89 
 10.10 Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process 90 
 10.11 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL 90 
 10.12 USA Patriot Act 90 
 10.13 No Fiduciary Duty 90 
 10.14 Headings 91 
 10.15 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 91 
 10.16 Bank ERISA Representations 91 
 SCHEDULES: Schedule I Terms of Subordination Schedule II Commitments Schedule III Existing Letters of Credit EXHIBITS: Exhibit A Form of Borrowing Notice Exhibit B Form of Bid Loan Request Exhibit C Form of Bid Loan Offer Exhibit D Form of Bid Loan Confirmation Exhibit E Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit F [Reserved] Exhibit G Form of Opinion of General Counsel to the Company Exhibit H Form of Opinion of Special New York Counsel to the Borrowers Exhibit I Form of Extension Request Exhibit J Form of Form W-8BEN-E Tax Letter Exhibit K Form of Form W-8ECI Tax Letter Exhibit L Form of Replacement Bank Agreement Exhibit M Form of Promissory Note Exhibit N Form of New Bank Supplement Exhibit O Form of Commitment Increase Supplement Exhibit P Form of Certificate of Non-Bank Status 
 iii 

2026 CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of March 29, 2021, among (a) DEERE COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), (b) JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Capital Corporation ), (c) JOHN DEERE BANK S.A., a Luxembourg soci t anonyme JD Luxembourg ), (d) the several financial institutions parties hereto (collectively, the Banks , and individually, a Bank ), (e) JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as administrative agent hereunder (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns, the Administrative Agent ), (f) Citibank, N.A. , as documentation agent hereunder (in such capacity, the Documentation Agent ), and (g) BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as syndication agent hereunder (in such capacity, the Syndication Agent ). The parties hereto hereby agree as follows: SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS 1.1 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: 
 ABR : at any particular date, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) 0.5 per annum above the NYFRB Rate and (c) the Eurocurrency Rate for a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars with one-month Interest Period commencing on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1 (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, such Eurocurrency Rate for any date shall be based on the LIBOR Screen Rate (or if the LIBOR Screen Rate is not available for such one-month Interest Period, the LIBOR Interpolated Rate)). Any change in ABR due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Eurocurrency Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Eurocurrency Rate, respectively. If the ABR is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to subsection 2.11 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to subsection 2.11(b)), then the ABR shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. ABR Loans : Committed Rate Loans at such time as they are made and/or being maintained at a rate of interest based upon the ABR. Absolute Rate Bid Loan : any Bid Loan made pursuant to an Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request. Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request : any Bid Loan Request requesting the Banks to offer to make Bid Loans at an absolute rate (as opposed to a rate composed of the Applicable Index Rate plus (or minus a margin). Act : as defined in subsection 10.12. Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA : an interest rate per annum equal to (a) Daily Simple SONIA, plus (b) 0.0326 ; provided that if Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA as so determined would be less than 0.0 , such rate shall be deemed to be equal to 0.0 for the purposes of this Agreement. Administrative Agent : as defined in the preamble hereto. It is understood that matters concerning the Foreign Currency Loans will be administered by the Foreign Currency Agent as agent for the Administrative Agent. 

2 
 Administrative Questionnaire : an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. Affected Financial Institution : (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affected Foreign Currency : as defined in subsection 2.11(a). Agent : the Administrative Agent, the Foreign Currency Agent, the Syndication Agent, or the Documentation Agent, as the context shall require; together, the Agents . Agreement : this 2026 Credit Agreement , as amended by the First Amendment and as further amended, supplemented or modified from time to time. Agreement Currency : as defined in subsection 2.24(b). Ancillary Document : as defined in subsection 10.8. Anti-Corruption Laws : all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. Applicable Creditor : as defined in subsection 2.24(b). Applicable Index Rate : in respect of any Bid Loan requested pursuant to an Index Rate Bid Loan Request, the Eurocurrency Rate applicable to the Interest Period for such Bid Loan. Applicable Margin : (a) with respect to ABR Loans, the rate per annum set forth below for ABR Loans in the column corresponding to the Prevailing Rating of the Company and , (b) with respect to Eurocurrency Loans, the rate per annum set forth below for Eurocurrency Loans in the column corresponding to the Prevailing Rating of the Company and (c) with respect to SONIA Loans, the rate per annum set forth below for SONIA Loans in the column corresponding to the Prevailing Rating of the Company : 

Level I Rating Level II Rating Level III Rating Level IV Rating Level V Rating ABR Loans 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.25 Eurocurrency Loans 0.625 0.75 0.875 1.00 1.25 SONIA Loans 0.625 0.75 0.875 1.00 1.25 
 Application : an application in such form from time to time in use by the applicable Issuing Bank, requesting an Issuing Bank to issue a Letter of Credit. Attributable Debt : as defined in subsection 6.2(b)(ii). Australian Dollars : the lawful currency of Australia. 

3 
 Available Commitment : as to any Bank at any time, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) such Bank s Commitment then in effect over (b) such Bank s Committed Rate Loans then outstanding. Available Tenor : as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark in respect of Loans denominated in such Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period with respect to Loans denominated in the applicable Currency pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (f) of subsection 2.11. Bail-In Action : the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation : (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Bank and Banks : as defined in the preamble hereto. Benchmark : initially, with respect to a any (i) SONIA Loan, Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA or (ii) Eurocurrency Loan denominated in any Currency, the Relevant Rate for such Currency ; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark with respect to Loans denominated in such Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) or clause (c) of subsection 2.11. Benchmark Replacement : for any Available Tenor with respect to Loans denominated in any Currency, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date; provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in (3) below: (1) the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; (2) the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; (3) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor with respect to Loans denominated in such Currency giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 

4 
 syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; provided further that, solely with respect to a Loan denominated in Dollars, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, to the extent that a Term SOFR Transition Event has occurred, and a Term SOFR Notice has been delivered, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the Benchmark Replacement shall revert to and shall be deemed to be the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as set forth in clause (1) of this definition (subject to the first proviso above). If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1), (2) or (3) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment : with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with respect to Loans denominated in any Currency with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement: (1) for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent: (a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and (2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency at such time; provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

5 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes : with respect to any Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any Currency, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR, the definition of Business Day, the definition of SONIA Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion (in consultation with the Company) may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines (in consultation with the Company) is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Benchmark Replacement Date : with respect to the Benchmark for any Loan denominated in any Currency, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; or (3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term SOFR Notice is provided to the Banks and the Company pursuant to Section 2.11(c); or (4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Banks, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Banks, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Banks comprising the Majority Banks. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event : with respect to the Benchmark for any Loan denominated in any Currency, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

6 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Unavailability Period : with respect to the Benchmark for any Loan denominated in any Currency, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with subsection 2.11 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with subsection 2.11. Beneficial Ownership Certification : a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Beneficial Ownership Regulation : 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. benefitted Bank : as defined in subsection 10.6. Bid Loan : each loan (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) made pursuant to subsection 2.2; the aggregate amount advanced by a Bid Loan Bank pursuant to subsection 2.2 on each Borrowing Date shall constitute one Bid Loan, or more than one Bid Loan if so specified by the relevant Loan Assignee in its request for promissory notes pursuant to subsection 10.5(c). Bid Loan Banks : the collective reference to each Bank designated from time to time as a Bid Loan Bank by the Company or the Capital Corporation (for purposes of Bid Loans to such Borrower) by written notice to the Administrative Agent and which has not been removed as a Bid Loan 

7 
 Bank by such Borrower by written notice to the Administrative Agent (each of which notices the Administrative Agent shall transmit to each such affected Bank). Bid Loan Confirmation : each confirmation by the Company or the Capital Corporation of its acceptance of Bid Loan Offers, which Bid Loan Confirmation shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit D and shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent by facsimile transmission or by telephone, immediately confirmed by facsimile transmission. Bid Loan Offer : each offer by a Bid Loan Bank to make Bid Loans pursuant to a Bid Loan Request, which Bid Loan Offer shall contain the information specified in Exhibit C and shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent by facsimile transmission or by telephone, immediately confirmed by facsimile transmission. Bid Loan Request : each request by the Company or the Capital Corporation for Bid Loan Banks to submit bids to make Bid Loans, which shall contain the information in respect of such requested Bid Loans specified in Exhibit B and shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent by facsimile transmission or by telephone, immediately confirmed by facsimile transmission. Board : the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). Borrower : the Company, the Capital Corporation or JD Luxembourg; collectively, the Borrowers . Borrowing Date : in respect of any Loan, the date such Loan is made, and in respect of any Letter of Credit, the date such Letter of Credit is issued. Business Day : a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to close; provided , that (a) with respect to notices and determinations in connection with, and payments of principal and interest on, Eurocurrency Loans, such day is also a day for trading by and between banks in Dollar deposits in the interbank eurocurrency market in London, (b) when used in connection with a Foreign Currency Loan, a SONIA Loan or any other dealings in Pounds Sterling (in each case, other than in connection with any calculation or determination of interest rate in respect of a SONIA Loan), the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which commercial banks in London are authorized or required by law to close and any day on which banks are authorized or required by law to be closed in the principal financial center for that currency and , (c in relation to any calculation or determination of interest rate in respect of a SONIA Loan, Business Day shall mean a SONIA Business Day and (d when used in connection with Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Euros, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET) (or, if such clearing system ceases to be operative, such other clearing system (if any) determined by the Foreign Currency Agent to be a suitable replacement) is not open for settlement of payment in Euros. Calculation Date : with respect to each Foreign Currency, the last day of each calendar quarter (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) and such other days from time to time as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably designate as a Calculation Date provided , that the second Business Day preceding each Borrowing Date with respect to, and preceding each date of any borrowing, conversion or continuation of, any Foreign Currency Loan shall also be a Calculation Date with respect to the relevant Foreign Currency . ; provided further that with respect to any SONIA Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is 

8 
 one month after the borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) shall also be a Calculation Date . Calendar Quarter : a three-month period consisting of (i) each January, February and March, (ii) each April, May and June, (iii) each July, August and September or (iv) each October, November and December. Canadian Dollars : the lawful currency of Canada. Cancelled Bank : (i) any Bank that has the whole or any part of its Commitment cancelled under subsection 2.13(a), (b) or (c), subsection 2.16(c) or subsection 2.17(b) or the Commitment of which has expired under subsection 2.16(a) and (ii) any Defaulting Bank that the Company designates in writing to such Bank and the Administrative Agent as a Cancelled Bank. Capital Corporation : as defined in the preamble hereto. CBR Loan : a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate. CBR Spread : the Applicable Margin, applicable to such Loan that is replaced by a CBR Loan. Central Bank Rate : (a) the greater of (i) for any Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time and (ii) 0.00 ; plus (b) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment. Central Bank Rate Adjustment : for any day, for any Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA for the five most recent SONIA Business Days preceding such day for which SONIA was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA applicable during such period of five SONIA Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Pounds Sterling in effect on the last SONIA Business Day in such period. For purposes of this definition, the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (b) of the definition of such term. Certificate of Non-Bank Status : a certificate substantially in the form and substance of Exhibit P. Closing Date : the date on which each of the conditions precedent specified in subsection 4.1 shall have been satisfied (or compliance therewith shall have been waived by the Majority Banks hereunder). Code : the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Code of Conduct : as defined in subsection 3.9. Commitment : as to any Bank, the amount set opposite such Bank s name on Schedule II or in any assignment pursuant to which such Bank becomes a party hereto with respect to any interest purchased therein, as such amount may be modified as provided herein; collectively, as to all Banks, the Commitments . 

9 
 Commitment Expiration Date : as defined in subsection 2.16(a). Commitment Fee Rate : the rate per annum set forth below in the column corresponding to the Prevailing Rating of the Company: Level I Rating Level II Rating Level III Rating Level IV Rating Level V Rating 0.050 0.060 0.070 0.090 0.110 
 Commitment Increase Notice : as defined in subsection 2.20(a). Commitment Increase Supplement : as defined in subsection 2.20(c). Commitment Percentage : as to any Bank at any time, the percentage which such Bank s Commitment at such time constitutes of all the Commitments at such time or, at any time after the Commitments shall have expired or terminated, the percentage which the aggregate principal amount of such Bank s Extensions of Credit then outstanding constitutes of the aggregate principal amount of the Total Extensions of Credit then outstanding; collectively, as to all the Banks, the Commitment Percentages provided that when a Defaulting Bank shall exist, Commitment Percentage shall mean, when appropriate as determined by the Administrative Agent in order to provide ratable treatment at any time a Defaulting Bank exists (and without increasing the Commitment of any Bank), the percentage of the total Commitments (disregarding any Defaulting Bank s Commitment) represented by such Bank s Commitment. Commitment Period : as to any Bank at any time, the period from and including the Closing Date to but not including the Termination Date of such Bank or such earlier date on which the Commitments shall terminate as provided herein. Committed Extensions of Credit : as to any Bank at any time, the amount equal to the sum of the Dollar Equivalent of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Committed Rate Loans held by such Bank then outstanding and (b) such Bank s Commitment Percentage multiplied by the L/C Obligations then outstanding. Committed Rate Loans : each loan made pursuant to subsection 2.1. Commonly Controlled Entity : in relation to a Borrower, an entity, whether or not incorporated, which is under common control with such Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code. Company : as defined in the preamble hereto. Consolidated Capital Base : at a particular time for the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries, the sum of (a) the amount shown opposite the item Total Stockholders Equity on the consolidated balance sheet of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries plus (b) all indebtedness of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries for borrowed money subordinated (on terms no less favorable to the Administrative Agent and the Banks than the terms of subordination set forth on Schedule I) to the indebtedness which may be incurred hereunder by the Capital Corporation, provided that the sum of clauses (a) and (b) hereof as at the end of a fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of a fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) shall be determined by reference to the publicly 

10 
 available consolidated balance sheet of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter and after such adjustments, if any, as may be required so that the sum of the amounts referred to in clauses (a) and (b) is determined in accordance with GAAP. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with subsection 7.2, adjustments resulting from any accumulated other comprehensive income as reflected on the most recent publicly available consolidated balance sheet of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of any fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of any fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) shall be deemed not to be included in Consolidated Capital Base. Consolidated Net Worth : as defined in subsection 6.2(b)(ii). Consolidated Senior Debt : at a particular time for the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries, indebtedness for borrowed money other than any indebtedness for borrowed money that is subordinated, on terms no less favorable to the Administrative Agent and the Banks than the terms of subordination set forth on Schedule I, to the indebtedness which may be incurred hereunder by the Capital Corporation, provided that the amount of such indebtedness for borrowed money (other than such subordinated indebtedness) as at the end of a fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of a fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) shall be determined by reference to the publicly available consolidated balance sheet of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter and after such adjustments, if any, as may be required so that such amount is determined in accordance with GAAP. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with subsection 7.2, indebtedness for borrowed money in respect of any Securitization Indebtedness shall be deemed not included in Consolidated Senior Debt. Contractual Obligation : as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. Corresponding Tenor : with respect to any Available Tenor, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. Credit Rating : as of any date, (a) as to any Person, the rating assigned to the relevant long term senior unsecured (and non-credit enhanced) Debt obligations of such Person by Moody s, S P or Fitch, in each case as of the close of business on such date and (b) if no rating for such Debt described in clause (a) is available, the corporate credit rating of such Person as announced by Moody s, S P or Fitch, in each case as of the close of business on such date. Currency : any Dollars and any Foreign Currency. Daily Simple SOFR : for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for business loans; provided that, if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. Daily Simple SONIA : for any day (a SONIA Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to (a) SONIA for the day that is five SONIA Business Days (such fifth SONIA Business 

11 
 Day determined pursuant to each of subclauses (i) and (ii), the SONIA Lookback Day prior to (i) if such SONIA Interest Day is a SONIA Business Day, such SONIA Interest Day or (ii) if such SONIA Interest Day is not a SONIA Business Day, the SONIA Business Day immediately preceding such SONIA Interest Day or (b) if SONIA is not available for the SONIA Lookback Day determined pursuant to clause (a) above, by 5:00 p.m., London time on any day of determination of Daily Simple SONIA, then Daily Simple SONIA for such day will be SONIA as published in respect of the first preceding SONIA Business Day prior to the SONIA Lookback Day for which SONIA was published on the SONIA Administrator s Website; provided that Daily Simple SONIA determined pursuant to this clause (b) shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SONIA for no more than three consecutive SONIA Interest Days and thereafter subsection 2.11(a) shall govern. Any change in Daily Simple SONIA due to a change in SONIA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SONIA without notice to the Borrower. Deal Year : as defined in subsection 2.16(c). Debt : as defined in subsection 6.2. Default : any of the events specified in Section 8, whether or not any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, or any other condition, event or act has been satisfied. Defaulting Bank : any Bank that has (a) failed to fund any portion of its Loans or participations in Letters of Credit within two Business Days of the date required to be funded by it hereunder, unless such Bank has notified the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that such failure is the result of such Bank s good faith determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding has not been satisfied; (b) notified the Company, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Bank in writing that it does not intend to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit; (c) failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent, to confirm that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit; provided that such Bank shall cease to be a Defaulting Bank pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower; (d) otherwise failed to pay over to the Administrative Agent or any other Bank any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within three Business Days of the date when due, unless the subject of a good faith dispute; or (e) (i) become or is insolvent or has a parent company that has become or is insolvent, (ii) become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee or custodian appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or has a parent company that has become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee or custodian appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or (iii) become or has a parent company that has become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Bank shall not be a Defaulting Bank solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Bank or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Bank with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Bank (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Bank. If any Bank shall become a Defaulting Bank, the Company shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving written notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, notwithstanding subsection 2.12(b), to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued 

12 
 interest thereon, any amounts payable to such Bank pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee or other amount payable to such Bank hereunder and/or, upon giving not less than three Business Days notice to such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank. Upon any such cancellation of the Commitment of a Defaulting Bank, participating interests in Letters of Credit shall be reallocated ratably among the remaining Banks in accordance with subsection 2.23(d). Designated Person : a Person (i) listed in the annex to, or otherwise the subject of the provisions of, any Executive Order; (ii) named as a Specially Designated National and Blocked Person on the most current list published by OFAC at its official website or any replacement website or other replacement official publication of such list (each, an SDN ), or is otherwise the subject of any Sanctions Laws and Regulations; or (iii) in which an SDN has a controlling interest of 50 or greater ownership interest. Dividing Person : as defined in the definition of Division. Division : the statutory division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement) pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. Division Successor : any person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or substantially all of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. Documentation Agent : as defined in the preamble hereto. Dollar Equivalent : at any time as to any amount denominated in a Foreign Currency, the equivalent amount in Dollars as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent at such time on the basis of the Exchange Rate for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency on (a) in the case of a determination made pursuant to subsection 2.11(g), the date of such conversion and (b) in the case of any other determination, the most recent Calculation Date for such Foreign Currency. Dollar Loan : any Committed Rate Loan denominated in Dollars. Dollars and : dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America. Domestic Bank : any Bank organized under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia. Early Opt-in Election : (a) in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, the occurrence of: (1) a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Company to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding 

13 
 Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Company to trigger a fallback from the Eurocurrency Rate for Loans denominated in Dollars and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Banks; and (b) in the case of Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency, the occurrence of: (1) (i) a determination by the Administrative Agent or the Company (as notified to the Administrative Agent) or (ii) a notification by the Majority Banks to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Borrowers) that the Majority Banks have determined that at least five currently outstanding syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Foreign Currency at such time contain (as a result of an amendment or as originally executed) a new benchmark interest rate to replace the Relevant Rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review) ; and (2) (i) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Company or (ii) the election by the Majority Banks to declare that an Early Opt-in Election has occurred with respect to Loans denominated in such applicable Foreign Currency and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Borrowers and the Banks, by the Company of written notice of such election to the Administrative Agent or by the Majority Banks of written notice of such election to the Administrative Agent . EEA Financial Institution : (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country : any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority : any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Electronic Signature : an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. EMU : the Economic and Monetary Union as contemplated in the Treaty. Equipment Operations : those business segments of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries that are primarily engaged in the manufacture and distribution of equipment, parts and related attachments. 

14 
 Equipment Operations Debt : at a particular time, the sum of short-term and long-term indebtedness for borrowed money that is or would be shown on a balance sheet of Equipment Operations (with Financial Services reflected only on an equity basis), which balance sheet was or would be prepared on the basis of the most recent publicly available consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of any fiscal year of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries). ERISA : the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule : the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. Euro : the single currency of Participating Member States of the EMU introduced in accordance with the provisions of Article 123 of the Treaty and, in respect of all payments to be made under this Agreement in Euro, means immediately available, freely transferable funds in such currency. Eurocurrency Loans : Committed Rate Loans at such time as they are made and/or being maintained at a rate of interest based upon a Eurocurrency Rate. Eurocurrency Rate : (a) with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan and for each Index Rate Bid Loan, denominated in Dollars or any relevant Foreign Currency, other than Canadian Dollars, Australian Dollars, New Zealand Dollars and , Euros and Pounds Sterling , the London interbank offered rate as administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for such Currency for a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on page LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters Screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrowers; in each case, the LIBOR Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 A.M., Local Time, two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period (or, in the case of any Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Points Sterling, on the first day of such Interest Period) ; provided that, if the LIBOR Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (a LIBOR Impacted Interest Period with respect to the relevant Currency, then the Eurocurrency Rate shall be the LIBOR Interpolated Rate at such time. LIBOR Interpolated Rate means, at any time, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the LIBOR Screen Rate for the longest period (for which that LIBOR Screen Rate is available in the relevant Currency) that is shorter than the LIBOR Impacted Interest Period and (b) the LIBOR Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which that LIBOR Screen Rate is available for the relevant Currency) that exceeds the LIBOR Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time. (b) with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the average rate for bankers acceptances as administered by Thomson Reuters Benchmark Services Limited (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on page CDOR of the Reuters Screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen or service that displays such rate, or other appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected from time to time by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrowers; in each case, the CDOR Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 A.M., Local Time, on the first day of such Interest Period (or such other day as is 

15 
 generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent); provided , that, if the CDOR Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (a CDOR Impacted Interest Period with respect to Canadian Dollars, then the Eurocurrency Rate for Canadian Dollars shall be the CDOR Interpolated Rate at such time. CDOR Interpolated Rate means, at any time, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the CDOR Screen Rate for the longest period (for which that CDOR Screen Rate is available in Canadian Dollars) that is shorter than the CDOR Impacted Interest Period and (b) the CDOR Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which that CDOR Screen Rate is available for Canadian Dollars) that exceeds the CDOR Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time. (c) with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Australian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the average bid reference rate as administered by the Australian Financial Markets Association (or any other Person that takes over the administration of that rate) for Australian Dollar bills of exchange with a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period (or as close to such Interest Period as possible), displayed on page BBSY of the Reuters Screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen or service that displays such rate, or other appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected from time to time by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrowers; in each case, the BBSY Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 A.M., Local Time, two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent); provided , that, if the BBSY Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period, the Administrative Agent may substitute for such rate with an alternative published interest rate reasonably acceptable to the applicable Borrower (or other rate basis agreed by the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent, including interpolation in a manner consistent with paragraphs (a) and (b) above). (d) with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in New Zealand Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the average bid reference rate as administered by the New Zealand Financial Markets Association (or any other Person that takes over the administration of that rate) for New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange with a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period (or as close to such Interest Period as possible), displayed on page BKBM of the Reuters Screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen or service that displays such rate, or other appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected from time to time by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrowers; in each case, the BKBM Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 A.M., Local Time, on the first day of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent); provided , that, if the BKBM Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period, the Administrative Agent may substitute such rate with an alternative published interest rate reasonably acceptable to the applicable Borrower (or other rate basis agreed by the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent, including interpolation in a manner consistent with paragraphs (a) and (b) above). (e) with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on page on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen or service that displays such rate, or other appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected from time to time by the Administrative Agent in consultation 

16 
 with the Borrowers; in each case, the EURIBOR Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m., Local Time, two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period; provided , that, if the EURIBOR Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period, the Administrative Agent may substitute such rate with an alternative published interest rate reasonably acceptable to the applicable Borrower (or other rate basis agreed by the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent, including interpolation in a manner consistent with paragraphs (a) and (b) above). Notwithstanding the above, in no event shall the Eurocurrency Rate be less than zero. Event of Default : any of the events specified in Section 8, provided that any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, or any other condition, event or act has been satisfied. Exchange Rate : on any day, the rate at which the starting Currency may be exchanged into the other relevant Currency, as set forth at approximately 10:00 A.M., Local Time, on such date on the Reuters World Spots page for such starting Currency. In the event that such rate does not appear on any Reuters World Spots page, the Exchange Rate shall be determined by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent. Existing Credit Agreement : as defined in subsection 4.1(e). Existing Letters of Credit : the letters of credit issued under the Existing Credit Agreement and outstanding on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule III. Exposure : (a) with respect to an Objecting Bank at any time, the aggregate amount of such Bank s Extensions of Credit then outstanding and (b) with respect to any other Bank at any time, the Commitment of such Bank then in effect or, if the Commitments have been terminated, the amount of such Bank s Extensions of Credit then outstanding. Extension Request : each request by the Borrowers made pursuant to subsection 2.16 for the Banks to extend this Agreement, which shall contain the information in respect of such extension specified in Exhibit I and shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent in writing. Extensions of Credit : as to any Bank at any time, the amount equal to the sum of the Dollar Equivalent of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Loans held by such Bank then outstanding and (b) such Bank s Commitment Percentage multiplied by the L/C Obligations then outstanding. FATCA : Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (and any comparable successor provisions), any effective regulations published thereunder or official interpretations thereof issued by any Governmental Authority charged with the administration thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any applicable intergovernmental agreements with respect thereto, and any treaty, law, regulations, or other official guidance enacted in any other jurisdiction relating to such intergovernmental agreement. Federal Funds Effective Rate : on any particular date, the rate set forth for such date or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day, opposite the caption Federal Funds (Effective) in the weekly statistical release designated as H.15(519) (or any successor publication) published by the Board or, if such rate is not so published for such date, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds dealers of recognized standing selected by it; provided that in no event shall the Federal Funds Effective Rate be less than zero. 

17 
 Federal Reserve Board : the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. Financial Services : the businesses of the Company (including the credit businesses) that are not primarily engaged in Equipment Operations. First Amendment : the First Amendment to this Agreement, dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date. First Amendment Effective Date : October 26, 2021. Fitch : Fitch Ratings Inc. Fixed Charges : for any particular period for the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries, all of the Capital Corporation s and its consolidated Subsidiaries consolidated interest on indebtedness for borrowed money, amortization of discounts of indebtedness for borrowed money, the portion of rentals under financing leases deemed to represent interest and rentals under operating leases; provided , that, notwithstanding the foregoing, consolidated interest on Securitization Indebtedness and amortization of Securitization Indebtedness shall be deemed not included in Fixed Charges; provided , further , that such amounts (but not any amounts constituting consolidated interest on, or amortization of, Securitization Indebtedness) for a fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of a fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) shall be determined by reference to the publicly available consolidated statement of income of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries for or covering such fiscal quarter and after such adjustments, if any, as may be required so that such amounts are determined in accordance with GAAP. Floor the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Eurocurrency Rate , Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA or the Central Bank Rate, as applicable . Foreign Bank : any Bank that is not a Domestic Bank. Foreign Currency : (a) Euros, Pounds Sterling, Australian Dollars and Canadian Dollars, (b) upon the earlier of (i) confirmation by Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch to the Administrative Agent that it (or a branch or affiliate thereof) can fund in New Zealand Dollars and (ii) Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch ceasing to be a Bank hereunder, New Zealand Dollars and (c) as agreed by the Administrative Agent, any other Currency which is freely traded and convertible into Dollars in the London interbank market and for which the Dollar Equivalent thereof can be calculated from time to time. Foreign Currency Agent : J.P. Morgan AG, or any successor appointed pursuant to this Agreement. Foreign Currency Equivalent : at the time of determination or conversion thereof, as applicable, as to any amount denominated or expressed in Dollars, the equivalent amount in the applicable Foreign Currency as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent at such time on the basis of the Exchange Rate for the purchase of such Foreign Currency with Dollars on such date. Foreign Currency Loan : each Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency. 

18 
 GAAP : generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as applied in the preparation of financial statements of the Company or the Capital Corporation, respectively, as of the fiscal year ended November 1, 2020, except with respect to capital lease obligations, in which case the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as applied in the preparation of financial statements of the Company or the Capital Corporation, respectively, as of January 1, 2015 shall apply. Governmental Authority : any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government. Hedging Transaction : any swap transaction, interest rate protection agreement (including any interest rate swap, interest cap or collar or any other interest rate hedging device entered into by the Capital Corporation or one or more of its Subsidiaries), option agreement, short or long position in equity or debt instruments, commodities, futures and forward transactions, outperformance agreement or other similar transaction, agreement or arrangement entered into by the Capital Corporation or one or more of its Subsidiaries. IBA : has the meaning assigned to such term in subsection 1.4. Important Property : (a) any manufacturing plant, including land, all buildings and other improvements thereon, and all manufacturing machinery and equipment located therein, owned and used by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary primarily for the manufacture of products to be sold by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, (b) the executive office and administrative building of the Company in Moline, Illinois, and (c) research and development facilities, including land and buildings and other improvements thereon and research and development machinery and equipment located therein, in each case, owned and used by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; except in any case property of which the aggregate fair value as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company does not at the time exceed 1 of Consolidated Net Worth. Increasing Bank : as defined in subsection 2.20(c). Indemnified Person : as defined in subsection 10.4(b). Indemnified Taxes : as defined in subsection 2.17(a). Index Debt : any senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced long-term debt issued by the Company. Index Rate Bid Loan : any Bid Loan made at an interest rate based upon the Applicable Index Rate. Index Rate Bid Loan Request : any Bid Loan Request requesting the Banks to offer to make Index Rate Bid Loans at an interest rate equal to the Applicable Index Rate plus (or minus a margin. Interest Payment Date : (a) as to any ABR Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing on the first of such days to occur after such ABR Loan is made or a Eurocurrency Loan is converted to an ABR Loan, (b) as to any Eurocurrency Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable thereto, provided that as to any Eurocurrency Loan in respect of which a Borrower has selected an Interest Period of greater than three months, interest shall also be paid on the 

19 
 day which is three months after the beginning of such Interest Period and , (c) as to any SONIA Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing Date of such Loan (or if there is no numerically corresponding day in such later month, then the last day of such month) and (d) the Termination Date. Interest Period : (a) with respect to any Eurocurrency Loan, the period commencing on the Borrowing Date, the date any ABR Loan is converted to a Eurocurrency Loan or the date any Eurocurrency Loan is continued as a Eurocurrency Loan, as the case may be, with respect to such Eurocurrency Loan and ending one, two (so long as a two-month Interest Period is published and available), three or six months thereafter in the case of any Eurocurrency Loan denominated in any Currency other than Canadian Dollars (or, with the consent of all relevant Banks, twelve months thereafter, or a period of less than one month thereafter if all relevant Banks consent to such period), or thirty, sixty, or ninety days thereafter in the case of any Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, as selected by a Borrower in its notice of borrowing, conversion or continuance as provided in subsection 2.1(c) or 2.9; (b) with respect to any Bid Loan, the period commencing on the Borrowing Date with respect to such Bid Loan and ending on the date not less than seven days nor more than six months thereafter, as specified by a Borrower in its Bid Loan Request as provided in subsection 2.2(b); and (c) with respect to any Negotiated Rate Loan, the period or periods commencing on the Borrowing Date with respect to such Negotiated Rate Loan or the last day of any Interest Period with respect thereto and ending on the dates as shall be mutually agreed upon between the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank; provided , that all of the foregoing provisions relating to Interest Periods are subject to the following: (i) if any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan or an Index Rate Bid Loan would otherwise end on a day which is not a Working Day, that Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Working Day unless the result of such extension would be to carry such Interest Period into another calendar month in which event such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Working Day; 
 (ii) if any Interest Period pertaining to a Negotiated Rate Loan or an Absolute Rate Bid Loan would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day, that Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day; 
 (iii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan having an Interest Period of one, two (so long as a two-month Interest Period is published and available), three or six months or an Index Rate Bid Loan having an Interest Period of one, two, three, four, five or six months, that begins on the last Working Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Working Day of a calendar month; 
 (iv) Interest Periods shall be deemed available only if the Required Banks shall not have advised the Administrative Agent that the Eurocurrency Rate determined by the Administrative Agent on the basis of the applicable quotes will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Banks of maintaining or funding their Committed Rate Loans bearing interest based on the Eurocurrency Rate determined for such Interest Period. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrowers and each Bank promptly after having been advised by the Required Banks that a Eurocurrency Rate will not so 

20 
 adequately and fairly reflect such Banks costs as aforesaid. If a requested Interest Period shall be unavailable in accordance with the foregoing sentence, the proposed Borrower may (A) in accordance with the provisions (including any requirements for notification) of subsection 2.1 request, at its option, that the requested Committed Rate Loans denominated in Dollars be made or maintained as ABR Loans or (B) withdraw the request for such Committed Rate Loans for which the Interest Period was unavailable by giving notice of such election to the Administrative Agent in accordance with subsection 2.11; provided , that if the Administrative Agent does not receive any notice hereunder with respect to requested Committed Rate Loans denominated in Dollars, such Borrower shall be deemed to have requested ABR Loans; 
 (v) with respect to Loans made by an Objecting Bank, no Interest Periods with respect to such Loans shall end after such Objecting Bank s Commitment Expiration Date; and 
 (vi) no Interest Period shall end after the Termination Date. 
 
 IRS : as defined in subsection 2.17(c). ISDA Definitions : the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. ISP : with respect to any standby Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). Issuing Bank : (i) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as issuer of any Letter of Credit, (ii) Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as issuer of any Letter of Credit, or (iii) any other Bank that a Borrower may select from time to time that is willing to act as issuer of Letters of Credit, in its capacity as issuer of any Letter of Credit. Issuing Bank L/C Commitment : (i) with respect to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 100,000,000; (ii) with respect to Bank of America, N.A., 100,000,000; and (iii) with respect to any other Issuing Bank, the amount agreed by the Company and such Issuing Bank. If the amount of the L/C Commitment is reduced, the Issuing Bank L/C Commitment of each Issuing Bank shall be ratably reduced simultaneously (based on the percentage by which the L/C Commitment is reduced). JD Luxembourg : as defined in the preamble hereto. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. : JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national association. Judgment Currency : as defined in subsection 2.24. L/C Commitment : 200,000,000. L/C Obligations : at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of the then outstanding Letters of Credit and (b) the aggregate amount of drawings under Letters of Credit that have not then been reimbursed pursuant to subsection 2.26(e). For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 

21 
 L/C Participants : the collective reference to all the Banks (other than, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank in its capacity as Issuing Bank) or any of them. Letter of Credit Fee : the rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin for Eurocurrency Loans set forth in the term Applicable Margin corresponding to the Prevailing Rating of the Company as of such date of determination on the face amount of each Letter of Credit. Letters of Credit : as defined in subsection 2.26(a). Level : Level I Rating, Level II Rating, Level III Rating, Level IV Rating or Level V Rating, as the context shall require. Level I Rating : as of any date, such Level shall apply if the Company s assigned Credit Rating as of such date is Aa3 or higher by Moody s, AA- or higher by S P and AA- or higher by Fitch. Level II Rating : as of any date, such Level shall apply if the Company s assigned Credit Rating as of such date is A1 by Moody s, A+ by S P and A+ by Fitch. Level III Rating : as of any date, such Level shall apply if the Company s assigned Credit Rating as of such date is A2 by Moody s, A by S P and A by Fitch. Level IV Rating : as of any date, such Level shall apply if the Company s assigned Credit Rating as of such date is A3 by Moody s, A- by S P and A- by Fitch. Level V Rating : as of any date, such Level shall apply if the Company s assigned Credit Rating as of such date is below A3 by Moody s, below A- by S P and below A- by Fitch. LIBOR Screen Rate : as defined in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate. Loan Account : as defined in subsection 2.3; collectively, the Loan Accounts . Loan Assignees : as defined in subsection 10.5(c). Loan Assignment : an Assignment and Assumption, substantially in the form of Exhibit E. Loan Documents : this Agreement, including schedules and exhibits hereto, and the Notes. Loans : the collective reference to the Committed Rate Loans, the Bid Loans and the Negotiated Rate Loans. Local Time : (a) in the case of Foreign Currency Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, Toronto, Ontario time, (b) in the case of Foreign Currency Loans denominated in Australian Dollars, Sydney, Australia time, (c) in the case of Foreign Currency Loans denominated in New Zealand Dollars, Wellington, New Zealand time, (d) in the case of Foreign Currency Loans denominated in Euros, Brussels time, (e) in the case of all other Foreign Currency Loans, London time and (f) in all other cases, New York time. Losses : as defined in subsection 10.4(b). 

22 
 Luxembourg Obligations : the collective reference to the unpaid principal of and interest on the Loans made to JD Luxembourg and all other obligations and liabilities of JD Luxembourg (including, without limitation, interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided herein after the maturity of such Loans and interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided herein after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to JD Luxembourg, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding) to the Administrative Agent or any Bank, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which may arise under, out of, or in connection with, this Agreement or any other document made, delivered or given in connection with any of the foregoing, in each case whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses or otherwise (including, without limitation, all fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent or to the Banks that are required to be paid by JD Luxembourg pursuant to the terms of any of the foregoing agreements). Majority Banks : at any particular time, Banks having Commitment Percentages aggregating more than fifty percent; provided that (a) at any time after the termination of all the Commitments, Majority Banks shall mean Banks holding Extensions of Credit aggregating more than fifty percent in principal amount of the Total Extensions of Credit and (b) at any time after the Commitment Expiration Date with respect to any Objecting Bank (but prior to the termination of all the Commitments), Majority Banks shall mean Banks whose Exposure aggregates more than fifty percent of the aggregate Exposure of all the Banks. Margin Stock : as defined in Regulation U of the Board. Moody s : Moody s Investor Service, Inc. Mortgage : as defined in subsection 6.2. Negotiated Rate Loan : each Loan made to the Company or the Capital Corporation by a Bank pursuant to a Negotiated Rate Loan Request in such principal amount, for such number of Interest Periods (subject to the proviso to the definition of Interest Period in this subsection 1.1) and having such interest rate(s) and repayment terms as shall, in each case, be mutually agreed upon between such Borrower and such Bank. Negotiated Rate Loan Request : each request by the Company or the Capital Corporation for a Bank to make Negotiated Rate Loans, which shall be delivered to such Bank in writing, by facsimile transmission, or by telephone, immediately confirmed in writing, and which shall specify the amount to be borrowed and the proposed Borrowing Date. Net Earnings Available for Fixed Charges : for any particular period for the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries, the sum of (i) consolidated net earnings of the Capital Corporation and such Subsidiaries for such period without deduction of Fixed Charges and without deduction of federal, state or other income taxes, provided that such net earnings for a fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of a fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) shall be determined by reference to the publicly available statement of income of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries for or covering such fiscal quarter and after such adjustments, if any, as may be required so that such net earnings are determined in accordance with GAAP, except that earned investment tax credits may be included as revenue in the consolidated income statement of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries, rather than as an offset against the provision for income taxes and (ii) Support Payments received by the Capital Corporation in or in respect of such period. 

23 
 New Bank : as defined in subsection 2.20(b). New Bank Supplement : as defined in subsection 2.20(b). New Zealand Dollars : the lawful currency of New Zealand. Non-Qualifying Bank : as defined in subsection 2.17(e). Notes : the collective reference to any promissory note evidencing Loans. NYFRB : the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. NYFRB Rate : for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided , further , that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. Objecting Banks : as defined in subsection 2.16(a). Offered Increase Amount : as defined in subsection 2.20(a). Overnight Bank Funding Rate : for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurodollar borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. Overnight Rate : for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the Federal Funds Effective Rate, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in a Foreign Currency, at a rate reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be the cost to it of funding such amounts. Participant Register : as defined in subsection 10.5(b). Participants : as defined in subsection 10.5(b). Participating Member State : any member state of the European Community that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union. Payment : as defined in subsection 9.4(b). Payment Notice : as defined in subsection 9.4(b). Person : an individual, partnership, corporation, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature, provided that for purposes of subsection 8(h), Person shall also include two or more entities acting as a syndicate or any other group for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of securities of the Company. 

24 
 Plan : any pension plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA and in respect of which either Borrower or a Commonly Controlled Entity is an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. Pounds or or Pounds Sterling : the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. Prevailing Rating : at any date of determination, the Level then applicable; provided that for purposes of determining the applicable Level when the assigned Credit Ratings of the Company by all three Ratings Agencies do not fall within the same Level: (i) if the Credit Ratings of the Company assigned by S P and Moody s fall within the same Level, the Prevailing Rating shall be such Level, (ii) if the Credit Ratings of the Company assigned by S P and Moody s do not fall within the same Level and the ratings differential is one Level, the Prevailing Rating shall be determined solely by reference to the higher of (x) the Credit Rating of the Company assigned by S P and (y) the Credit Rating of the Company assigned by Moody s and (iii) if the Credit Ratings of the Company assigned by S P and Moody s do not fall within the same Level and the ratings differential is more than one Level, the Prevailing Rating shall be the Level one notch lower than the Level determined solely by reference to the higher of (x) the Credit Rating of the Company assigned by S P and (y) the Credit Rating of the Company assigned by Moody s. Prime Rate : the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. Purchasing Banks : as defined in subsection 10.5(d). Ratings Agencies : S P, Moody s and Fitch. Re-Allocation Date : as defined in subsection 2.20(e). Reference Time : with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Eurocurrency Rate with respect to Loans denominated in Dollars or Pounds Sterling , 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London banking days preceding the date of such setting, and (2) if such Benchmark is SONIA, then four SONIA Business Days prior to such setting and (3) otherwise, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. Register : as defined in subsection 10.5(e). Reimbursement Obligation : the obligation of the Company or the Capital Corporation to reimburse an Issuing Bank pursuant to subsection 2.26(e) for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit issued for its account. Relevant Governmental Body : (a) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto and , (b with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto and (c with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency (other than Pounds Sterling) , (i) the central bank 

25 
 for the Foreign Currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the Foreign Currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof . Relevant Rate : with respect to (i) any Eurocurrency Loan denominated in any Currency, the Eurocurrency Rate applicable thereto and (ii) any Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA . Report Period : as defined in subsection 2.18. Reportable Event : any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations thereunder. Required Banks : at a particular time, Banks having Commitment Percentages aggregating at least 66-2/3 ; provided that (a) at any time after the termination of all the Commitments, Required Banks means Banks holding Extensions of Credit aggregating at least 66-2/3 in principal amount of the Total Extensions of Credit and (b) at any time after the Commitment Expiration Date with respect to any Objecting Bank (but prior to the termination of all the Commitments), Required Banks means Banks whose Exposure aggregates at least 66-2/3 of the aggregate Exposure of all the Banks. Requirement of Law : as to any Person, the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation, or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Reserves : as defined in subsection 2.13(c). Resolution Authority : an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Responsible Officer : of a Borrower, the Chairman, the President, any Executive, Senior or other Vice President, the Treasurer, any Assistant Secretary and any Assistant Treasurer of such Borrower. Restricted Margin Stock : any Margin Stock, the sale, pledge or other disposition of which by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is in any way restricted by an arrangement with any Bank or any affiliate thereof to the extent that the value thereof (determined in accordance with Regulation U of the Board) does not exceed 25 of the value (determined in accordance with such Regulation U) of all the assets subject to such restriction. Restricted Subsidiary : any Subsidiary of the Company incorporated in the United States of America or Canada (a) which is engaged in, or whose principal assets consist of property used by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in, the manufacture of products within the United States of America or Canada or in the sale of products principally to customers located in the United States of America or Canada except any corporation which is a retail dealer in which the Company has, directly or indirectly, an investment, or (b) which the Company shall designate as a Restricted Subsidiary in an 

26 
 officers certificate signed by two Responsible Officers of the Company and delivered to the Administrative Agent. S P : Standard and Poor s Financial Services LLC. Sale and Lease-back Transaction : as defined in subsection 6.3. Sanctions Laws and Regulations : (i) any sanctions, prohibitions or requirements imposed by any executive order (an Executive Order or by any sanctions program administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), the U.S. State Department Directorate of Defense Trade Controls or the U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security; and (ii) any sanctions measures imposed by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or the United Kingdom. Screen Rate : the LIBOR Screen Rate, the CDOR Screen Rate, the EURIBOR Screen Rate, the BBSY Screen Rate and/or the BKBM Screen Rate, as applicable. Securitization Indebtedness : the aggregate outstanding indebtedness for borrowed money, owner trust certificates (however classified) or credit enhancements incurred in connection with transactions involving (i) the sale, transfer or other disposition of receivables or leases (retail or wholesale) by the Capital Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) the issuance of commercial paper, medium term notes or any other form of financing by any structured bankruptcy-remote Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation or any related conduit lender (such transactions, Securitizations ), provided , that the aggregate outstanding credit enhancements in the form of cash or letter(s) of credit provided by the Capital Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any structured bankruptcy-remote Subsidiary) in excess of 10 of the aggregate outstanding indebtedness for borrowed money and owner trust certificates (however classified) incurred in connection with such Securitizations shall not be deemed for the purposes of this Agreement to be Securitization Indebtedness, but shall be deemed for purposes of subsection 7.2 to be Consolidated Senior Debt. Significant Subsidiary : of a Borrower, any Subsidiary of such Borrower the assets, revenues or net worth of which is, at the time of determination, equal to or greater than ten percent of the assets, revenues or net worth, respectively, of such Borrower at such time. SOFR : with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website at approximately 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding Business Day. SOFR Administrator : the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Administrator s Website : the NYFRB s website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

27 
 SONIA : with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. SONIA Administrator : the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). SONIA Administrator s Website : the Bank of England s website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. SONIA Borrowing : as to any borrowing, the SONIA Loans comprising such borrowing. SONIA Business Day : for any Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London. SONIA Interest Day : has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SONIA . SONIA Loan : a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA. SONIA Lookback Day : has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SONIA . Subsidiary : of a Person, a corporation or other entity of which securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than securities or other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other Persons performing similar functions are at the time directly or indirectly owned by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or by such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person. Support Payments : payments from the Company to the Capital Corporation made pursuant to that certain Support Agreement, dated as October 15, 1996, by and between the Company and the Capital Corporation, as amended by the First Amended Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2003, between the Company and the Capital Corporation. Syndication Agent : as defined in the preamble hereto. Termination Date : March 29, 2026 or such later date as shall be determined pursuant to the provisions of subsection 2.16 with respect to non-Objecting Banks. Term SOFR : for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. Term SOFR Notice : a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Banks and the Borrowers of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. 

28 
 Term SOFR Transition Event : the determination by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with subsection 2.11 that is not Term SOFR. Total Commitments : at any time, the aggregate amount of the Commitments then in effect. Total Extensions of Credit : at any time, the aggregate amount of the Extensions of Credit of the Banks outstanding at such time. Total Stockholders Equity : at a particular time, the total stockholders equity, exclusive of adjustments resulting from any accumulated other comprehensive income of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of any fiscal quarter (including the last quarter of any fiscal year) as determined in accordance with GAAP. Transferees : as defined in subsection 10.5(g). Transfer Effective Date : the effective date of an assignment of Loans or Commitments under a Loan Assignment. Treaty : the Treaty establishing the European Economic Community, being the Treaty of Rome of March 25, 1957, as amended by the Single European Act 1987, the Maastricht Treaty (which was signed at Maastricht on February 7, 1992 and came into force on November 1, 1993), the Amsterdam Treaty (which was signed at Amsterdam on October 2, 1997 and came into force on May 1, 1999) and the Nice Treaty (which was signed on February 26, 2001), each as amended from time to time and as referred to in legislative measures of the European Union for the introduction of, changeover to or operating of the Euro in one or more member states. Type : as to any Committed Rate Loan, its nature as an ABR Loan , SONIA Loan or Eurocurrency Loan. UCP : with respect to any commercial Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits (2007 Revision), International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance and subject to which such Letter of Credit was issued). UK Financial Institution : any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any Person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority : the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement : the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

29 
 Withholding Agent : any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be. Working Day : any Business Day on which dealings in foreign currencies and exchange between banks may be carried on in London, England and New York, New York. Write-Down and Conversion Powers : (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that Person or any other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions . (a) All terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto. 
 (b) As used herein and in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto, accounting terms relating to any Borrower and its Subsidiaries not defined in subsection 1.1, and accounting terms partly defined in subsection 1.1 to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP. 
 (c) The words hereof , herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section, subsection, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 
 (d) Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries in this Agreement shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the relevant Borrower. 
 1.3 Currency Conversion . 
 (a) If more than one currency or currency unit are at the same time recognized by the central bank of any country as the lawful currency of that country, then (i) any reference in the Agreement to, and any obligations arising under the Agreement in, the general currency of that country (as opposed to a reference to a specific country) shall be translated into or paid in the currency or currency unit of that country designated by the Administrative Agent (with the Borrowers consent, which shall not unreasonably be withheld) and (ii) any such translation from one currency or currency unit to another of any country shall be at the official rate of exchange recognized by the central bank for conversion of that currency or currency unit into the other, rounded up or down, as applicable, at least to the fifth decimal place. 
 (b) If a change in any currency of a country occurs, this Agreement shall be amended (and each party hereto agrees to enter into any supplemental agreement necessary to effect any such amendment) to the extent that the Administrative Agent determines (with the Borrowers consent, which shall not unreasonably be withheld) such amendment to be necessary to reflect the change in currency and to put the Bank in the same position, so far as possible, that they would have been in if no change in currency had occurred. 

30 
 1.4 Interest Rates; LIBOR Notification . The interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars and certain Foreign Currencies may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Regulators have signaled the need to use alternative benchmark reference rates for some of these interest rate benchmarks and, as a result, such interest rate benchmarks may cease to comply with applicable laws and regulations, may be permanently discontinued, and/or the basis on which they are calculated may change. The London interbank offered rate is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. In July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that, after the end of 2021, it would no longer persuade or compel contributing banks to make rate submissions to the ICE Benchmark Administration (together with any successor to the ICE Benchmark Administrator, the IBA for purposes of the IBA setting the London interbank offered rate. As a result, it is possible that commencing in 2022, the London interbank offered rate may no longer be available or may no longer be deemed an appropriate reference rate upon which to determine the interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans. In light of this eventuality, public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of the London interbank offered rate. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-In Election with respect to any applicable Currency, subsection 2.11(b) and (c) provide a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower, pursuant to subsection 2.11(e), of any change to the reference rate upon which the interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans is based. However, the Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to Daily Simple SONIA, the London interbank offered rate or other rates in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including, without limitation, (i) any such alternative, successor or replacement rate implemented pursuant to subsection 2.11(b) or (c), whether upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to subsection 2.11(d)), including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate for any Currency will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA, the Eurocurrency Rate or applicable Screen Rate for Loans denominated in such Currency or have the same volume or liquidity as did the London interbank offered rate (or the euro interbank offered rate, as applicable) prior to its discontinuance or unavailability . The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA, any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain SONIA or Daily Simple SONIA, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrowers, any Bank or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 SECTION 2. THE COMMITTED RATE LOANS; THE BID LOANS; THE NEGOTIATED RATE LOANS; AMOUNT AND TERMS 2.1 The Committed Rate Loans . (a) During the Commitment Period, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Bank severally agrees to make loans (individually, a Committed Rate Loan to each Borrower in Dollars or in any Foreign Currency from time to time; provided that (i) after giving effect thereto, such Bank s Committed Extensions of Credit then outstanding do not exceed the amount of such Bank s Commitment and (ii) the Total Extensions of Credit then outstanding do not 

31 
 exceed the Total Commitments. During the Commitment Period, each Borrower may use the Commitments by borrowing, repaying and reborrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. (b) The Committed Rate Loans may be either (i) Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars or any Foreign Currency (other than Pounds Sterling) , (ii) ABR Loans denominated in Dollars or , (iii SONIA Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling or (iv a combination thereof as determined by the relevant Borrower; provided that the Foreign Currency Loans shall be Eurocurrency Loans or SONIA Loans . 
 (c) Each Borrower may borrow Committed Rate Loans on any Working Day, if the borrowing is of Eurocurrency Loans or SONIA Loans , or on any Business Day, if the borrowing is of ABR Loans; provided , however , that a Responsible Officer of such Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice thereof, which notice must be received by the Administrative Agent (i) prior to 12:00 Noon, New York City time, three Working Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars, (ii) prior to 12:00 Noon, Local Time, four Working Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Foreign Currency Loans, (iii) prior to 12:00 Noon, New York City time, on the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of ABR Loans requested by the Company or Capital Corporation, and (iv) prior to 12:00 Noon, London time, on the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of ABR Loans requested by JD Luxembourg. Each such notice shall be given in writing or by facsimile transmission substantially in the form of Exhibit A (with appropriate insertions) or shall be given by telephone (specifying the information set forth in Exhibit A) promptly confirmed by notice given in writing or by facsimile transmission substantially in the form of Exhibit A (with appropriate insertions). On the day of receipt of any such notice from a Borrower, the Administrative Agent (or Foreign Currency Agent) shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. Each Bank will make the amount of its share of each borrowing available to the Administrative Agent in the applicable Currency for the account of such Borrower at the office of the Administrative Agent set forth in subsection 10.2 at 11:00 A.M. (or 2:00 P.M., in the case of ABR Loans requested pursuant to clause (iii) above), Local Time, on the Borrowing Date requested by such Borrower in funds immediately available to the Administrative Agent as the Administrative Agent may direct. The proceeds of all such Committed Rate Loans will be made available promptly to such Borrower by the Administrative Agent at the office of the Administrative Agent specified in subsection 10.2 by crediting the account of such Borrower on the books of such office of the Administrative Agent with the aggregate of the amount made available to the Administrative Agent by the Banks and in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent. 
 (d) All Committed Rate Loans made to a Borrower shall be repaid in full by such Borrower on or before the Termination Date; provided , that Committed Rate Loans made by Objecting Banks shall be repaid as provided in subsection 2.16(b). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Borrower s obligation to repay its Committed Rate Loans and pay the interest accrued thereon is a several obligation. 
 (e) JD Luxembourg appoints the Capital Corporation as its agent to make all borrowing requests on its behalf, to receive the proceeds of Loans and make payments in respect of Loans and otherwise act on behalf of JD Luxembourg under this Agreement. 
 (f) Each Bank may, at its option, make any Loan available to any Borrower by causing any foreign or domestic branch or affiliate of such Bank to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option (i) shall not affect the obligation of such Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (ii) shall not result in any adverse consequences to the Borrowers. 

32 
 2.2 The Bid Loans; the Negotiated Rate Loans . (a) The Company and the Capital Corporation may borrow Bid Loans or Negotiated Rate Loans denominated in Dollars from time to time on any Business Day (in the case of Bid Loans made pursuant to an Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request), any Working Day (in the case of Bid Loans made pursuant to an Index Rate Bid Loan Request) or, in the case of Negotiated Rate Loans, on such days as shall be mutually agreed upon between the relevant Borrower and the applicable Bank, in each case during the Commitment Period and in the manner set forth in this subsection 2.2 and in amounts such that the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of Loans and L/C Obligations at any time outstanding shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments at such time. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Bid Loans and/or Negotiated Rate Loans made by any Bank may at any time (but shall not be required to) exceed the Commitment of such Bank so long as the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Loans and L/C Obligations does not at any time exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments. 
 (b) (i) The Company and the Capital Corporation shall request Bid Loans or Negotiated Rate Loans by delivering (A) in the case of an Index Rate Bid Loan, a Bid Loan Request to the Administrative Agent, c/o JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01, Newark, Delaware 19713-2107, United States, Attention: Loan Agency Services Group, Telephone: (302) 634-9770, Facsimile: (302) 634-4733, Email: harmeet.kaur@chase.com, not later than 12:00 Noon (New York City time) four Working Days prior to the proposed Borrowing Date, (B) in the case of an Absolute Rate Bid Loan, a Bid Loan Request to the Administrative Agent at the address set forth in clause (A) of this subsection 2.2(b)(i) not later than 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) one Business Day prior to the proposed Borrowing Date or (C) in the case of a Negotiated Rate Loan, a Negotiated Rate Loan Request to any Bank at such time as the applicable Borrower and the applicable Bank shall agree. Each Bid Loan Request may solicit bids for Bid Loans in an aggregate principal amount of 25,000,000 or an integral multiple of 5,000,000 in excess thereof and for not more than three alternative Interest Periods for such Bid Loans. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bid Loan Bank by facsimile transmission or by telephone, immediately confirmed by facsimile transmission, of the contents of each Bid Loan Request received by it. 
 (ii) In the case of an Index Rate Bid Loan Request, upon receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent of the contents of such Bid Loan Request, any Bid Loan Bank that elects, in its sole discretion, to do so, shall irrevocably offer to make one or more Bid Loans at the Applicable Index Rate plus or minus a margin for each such Bid Loan determined by such Bid Loan Bank, in its sole discretion. Any such irrevocable offer shall be made by delivering a Bid Loan Offer to the Administrative Agent at the address set forth in clause (i)(A) above before 10:30 A.M. (New York City time) three Working Days before the proposed Borrowing Date, setting forth the maximum amount of Bid Loans for each Interest Period, and the aggregate maximum amount for all Interest Periods, which such Bank would be willing to make and the margin above or below the Applicable Index Rate at which such Bid Loan Bank is willing to make each such Bid Loan. The Administrative Agent shall advise the relevant Borrower before 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) three Working Days before the proposed Borrowing Date of the contents of each such Bid Loan Offer received by it. If the Administrative Agent in its capacity as a Bid Loan Bank shall, in its sole discretion, elect to make any such offer, it shall advise such Borrower of the contents of its Bid Loan Offer before 10:15 A.M. (New York City time) three Working Days before the proposed Borrowing Date. 
 (iii) In the case of an Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request, upon receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent of the contents of such Bid Loan Request, any Bid Loan Bank that elects, in its sole discretion, to do so, shall irrevocably offer to make one or more Bid Loans at a rate or rates of interest for each such Bid Loan determined by such Bid Loan Bank in its sole discretion. Any such irrevocable offer shall be made by delivering a Bid Loan Offer to the Administrative Agent at the address 

33 
 set forth in clause (i)(A) of this subsection 2.2(b) before 9:30 A.M. (New York City time) on the proposed Borrowing Date, setting forth the maximum amount of Bid Loans for each Interest Period, and the aggregate maximum amount for all Interest Periods, which such Bid Loan Bank would be willing to make and the rate or rates of interest at which such Bid Loan Bank is willing to make each such Bid Loan. The Administrative Agent shall advise the relevant Borrower before 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the proposed Borrowing Date of the contents of each such Bid Loan Offer received by it. If the Administrative Agent in its capacity as a Bid Loan Bank shall, in its sole discretion, elect to make any such offer, it shall advise such Borrower of the contents of its Bid Loan Offer before 9:15 A.M. (New York City time) on the proposed Borrowing Date. 
 (iv) The relevant Borrower shall before 11:30 A.M. (New York City time) three Working Days before the proposed Borrowing Date (in the case of Bid Loans requested by an Index Rate Bid Loan Request) and before 10:30 A.M. (New York City time) on the proposed Borrowing Date (in the case of Bid Loans requested by an Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request) either, in its absolute discretion: 
 (A) cancel such Bid Loan Request by giving the Administrative Agent telephone notice to that effect, or 
 (B) accept one or more of the offers made by any Bid Loan Bank or Bid Loan Banks pursuant to clause (ii) or clause (iii) of this subsection 2.2(b), as the case may be, by giving telephone notice to the Administrative Agent (immediately confirmed by delivery to the Administrative Agent at the address set forth in clause (i)(A) of this subsection 2.2(b) of a Bid Loan Confirmation) of the amount of Bid Loans for each relevant Interest Period to be made by each Bid Loan Bank (which amount shall be equal to or less than the maximum amount for such Interest Period specified in the Bid Loan Offer of such Bid Loan Bank, and for all Interest Periods included in such Bid Loan Offer shall be equal to or less than the aggregate maximum amount specified in such Bid Loan Offer for all such Interest Periods) and reject any remaining offers made by Bid Loan Banks pursuant to clause (ii) or clause (iii) above, as the case may be; provided , however , that (x) such Borrower may not accept offers for Bid Loans for any Interest Period in an aggregate principal amount in excess of the maximum principal amount requested for such Interest Period in the related Bid Loan Request, (y) if such Borrower accepts any such offers, it must accept offers strictly based upon pricing (starting with the lowest pricing) for such relevant Interest Period and upon no other criteria whatsoever and (z) if two or more Bid Loan Banks submit offers for any Interest Period at identical pricing and such Borrower accepts any of such offers but does not wish to borrow the total amount offered by such Bid Loan Banks with such identical pricing, such Borrower shall accept offers from all of such Bid Loan Banks in amounts allocated among them pro rata according to the amounts offered by such Bid Loan Banks (or as nearly pro rata as shall be practicable, after giving effect to the requirement that Bid Loans made by a Bid Loan Bank on a Borrowing Date for each relevant Interest Period shall be in a principal amount of 5,000,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, it being agreed that to the extent that it is not possible to make allocations in accordance with the provisions of this clause (z) such allocations shall be made in accordance with the instructions of such Borrower, it being understood that in no event shall any Bank be obligated to make any Bid Loan in a principal amount less than 5,000,000). 
 (v) If such Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that a Bid Loan Request is cancelled pursuant to clause (iv)(A) of this subsection 2.2(b), the Administrative Agent shall give prompt telephone notice thereof to the Bid Loan Banks, and the Bid Loans requested thereby shall not be made. 
 (vi) (A) If such Borrower accepts pursuant to clause (iv)(B) of this subsection 2.2(b) one or more of the offers made by any Bid Loan Bank or Bid Loan Banks pursuant to a 

34 
 Bid Loan Request, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify by telephone each Bid Loan Bank which has made such an offer of the aggregate amount of such Bid Loans to be made on such Borrowing Date for each Interest Period and of the acceptance or rejection of any offers to make such Bid Loans made by such Bid Loan Bank. Each Bid Loan Bank which is to make a Bid Loan pursuant to a Bid Loan Request shall, before 12:00 Noon (New York City time) on the Borrowing Date specified in the Bid Loan Request applicable thereto, make available to the Administrative Agent at its office set forth in subsection 10.2 the amount of Bid Loans to be made by such Bid Loan Bank, in immediately available funds. The Administrative Agent will make such funds available to such Borrower as soon as practicable on such date at the Administrative Agent s aforesaid address. 
 (A) If such Borrower and any Bank agree to the terms of a Negotiated Rate Loan to be made on a Borrowing Date pursuant to a Negotiated Rate Loan Request, such Borrower and such Bank shall promptly notify by telephone the Administrative Agent of the aggregate amount of Negotiated Rate Loans to be made on such Borrowing Date and the respective Interest Periods therefor. Each Bank which is to make a Negotiated Rate Loan shall, at such time, on such Borrowing Date and at such location as shall be mutually agreed upon between such Borrower and such Bank, make available to such Borrower the amount of Negotiated Rate Loans to be made by such Bank, in immediately available funds. 
 (B) As soon as practicable after each Borrowing Date for Bid Loans and Negotiated Rate Loans, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Bank of the aggregate amount of Bid Loans or Negotiated Rate Loans advanced pursuant to a Bid Loan Request or Negotiated Rate Loan Request on such Borrowing Date and the respective Interest Periods therefor. 
 (c) Within the limits and on the conditions set forth in this subsection 2.2, the Company and the Capital Corporation may from time to time borrow under this subsection 2.2, repay pursuant to paragraph (d) below, and reborrow under this subsection 2.2. 
 (d) The Company or the Capital Corporation, as applicable, shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Bid Loan Bank (or the Loan Assignee in respect thereof, as the case may be) which has made a Bid Loan to such Borrower on the last day of the Interest Period for each Bid Loan (such Interest Period being that specified by such Borrower for repayment of such Bid Loan in the related Bid Loan Request) the then unpaid principal amount of such Bid Loan. Each Borrower shall repay to each Bank which has made a Negotiated Rate Loan to such Borrower (or the Loan Assignee in respect thereof, as the case may be) the principal thereof as agreed by such Borrower and such Bank. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Borrower s obligation to repay its Bid Loans and Negotiated Rate Loans is a several obligation. 
 (e) Each Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Bid Loan and each Negotiated Rate Loan borrowed by such Borrower from the applicable Borrowing Date to the stated maturity date thereof, in the case of a Bid Loan, at the rate of interest determined pursuant to paragraph (b) of this subsection 2.2, and, in the case of a Negotiated Rate Loan, as agreed by such Borrower and the relevant Bank (calculated on the basis of a 360 day year for actual days elapsed), payable on the interest payment date or dates (i) specified by such Borrower for such Bid Loan in the related Bid Loan Request and (ii) mutually agreed upon between such Borrower and such Bank in the case of Negotiated Rate Loans, provided that as to any Bid Loan in respect of which the stated maturity date is more than three months after such Borrowing Date, interest shall also be paid on the day which occurs three months after such Borrowing Date. If all or a portion of the principal amount of any Bid Loan shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), such overdue principal amount shall, without limiting any rights of any Bank under this Agreement, bear interest from the date on which such payment was due at a rate per annum which is 1 above the rate which would otherwise be applicable to such Bid Loan until the scheduled maturity date with respect 

35 
 thereto and for each day thereafter at a rate per annum which is 1 above the ABR until paid in full (as well after as before judgment). If all or any portion of the principal amount of any Negotiated Rate Loan shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), such overdue principal amount shall, without limiting any rights of any Bank under this Agreement, bear interest from the date on which such payment was due at a rate per annum as shall be mutually agreed upon between the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Borrower s obligation to pay the interest accrued on its Bid Loans and Negotiated Rate Loans is a several obligation. 
 (f) After the first Bid Loan Request has been given hereunder, no Bid Loan Request or Negotiated Rate Loan Request shall be given until at least one Business Day, in the case of an Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request, or one Working Day, in the case of an Index Rate Bid Loan Request, after the earliest to occur of (i) the Borrowing Dates with respect to all prior Bid Loan Requests made pursuant to subsection 2.2(b)(i), (ii) the date on which all Bid Loan Banks have failed to submit Bid Loan Offers with respect to any Bid Loan Requests within the time specified in subsection 2.2(b)(ii) or (iii), as the case may be, and (iii) the date on which the relevant Borrower has cancelled all prior Bid Loan Requests pursuant to subsection 2.2(b)(iv). 
 2.3 Loan Accounts . Each Bank, with respect to its Committed Rate Loans, Bid Loans and Negotiated Rate Loans, and the Administrative Agent, with respect to all Committed Rate Loans, Negotiated Rate Loans and Bid Loans, shall open and maintain in the name of each Borrower loan accounts (as to each Bank, its Loan Account applicable to such Borrower) on its books and records setting forth the amounts of principal, interest and other sums paid and payable by such Borrower from time to time hereunder in respect of such Loans, and the obligation of such Borrower to pay or repay, as the case may be, such amounts to such Bank shall be evidenced by such Bank s Loan Account. In case of any dispute, action or proceeding relating to any Committed Rate Loan, Bid Loan or Negotiated Rate Loan, the entries in such records shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information set forth therein. In case of discrepancy between the entries in the Administrative Agent s books and records and any Bank s, the entries in the Administrative Agent s books and records shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information set forth therein. 
 2.4 F ees . i) The Company and the Capital Corporation jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Bank a commitment fee from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the date on which the Commitment of such Bank terminates hereunder, computed at a per annum rate equal to the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily amount of the Available Commitment of such Bank in effect during the period for which payment is made, payable quarterly in arrears on the first Business Day of each January, April, July and October of each year and on the Termination Date or such earlier date on which the Commitments shall terminate as provided herein, commencing in July, 2021. 
 (a) The Company and the Capital Corporation jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account all fees set forth in the letter agreement dated February 2, 2021 from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to the Borrowers. 
 (b) The Company and the Capital Corporation jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account all other fees payable to the Administrative Agent as the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent shall mutually agree from time to time. 
 2.5 Termination or Reduction of Commitments; Cancellation of Capital Corporation or JD Luxembourg as Borrower . (a) The Borrowers, acting jointly, shall have the right, upon not less than five Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent, to terminate the Commitments or, from time to 

36 
 time, reduce the amount of the Commitments, provided that (i) any such reduction shall be accompanied by prepayment of Committed Rate Loans and reduction of the L/C Obligations hereunder, together with accrued interest on the amount so prepaid to the date of such prepayment, to the extent, if any, that the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Loans and L/C Obligations exceeds the amount of the Commitments as then reduced and (ii) any such termination of the Commitments shall be accompanied by prepayment in full of the Loans then outstanding hereunder in accordance with subsection 2.6 and payment of all Reimbursement Obligations together with accrued fees and interest thereon, and cash collateralization of outstanding Letters of Credit in an amount equal to the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount thereof (or the provision of other credit support acceptable to the applicable Issuing Banks), and any termination of a Bank s Commitment pursuant to subsection 2.13, 2.16 or 2.17 shall, with respect to each affected Loan, on the last day of the applicable Interest Period therefor or, if earlier, on such earlier date as shall be notified by the Borrowers, be accompanied by prepayment in full of such Loan, together with, in each case, accrued interest thereon to the date of such prepayment, the payment of any Reimbursement Obligation owed to such Bank or unpaid commitment fee then accrued hereunder, the payment of any Letter of Credit interest and fees then accrued hereunder, and the payment of any amounts then payable pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17. Upon receipt of such notice from the Borrowers the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. Any reduction of the Commitments pursuant to this subsection 2.5 shall be in an amount not less than 25,000,000, and shall be an amount which is a whole multiple of 5,000,000, and shall reduce permanently the amount of the Commitments then in effect. (b) The Company may cancel the ability of the Capital Corporation to borrow hereunder upon not less than five Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent. Upon receipt of such notice from the Company, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. On the first day following receipt of such notice, on which all Loans to the Capital Corporation and all interest thereon shall have been paid in full and all Reimbursement Obligations arising in connection with Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Capital Corporation, together with the accrued interest and fees thereon, shall have been paid in full and all outstanding Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Capital Corporation shall have been cash collateralized in an amount equal to the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount thereof (or otherwise credit supported in a manner acceptable to the applicable Issuing Banks), and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, (i) the Capital Corporation shall cease to be a party hereto or to have any right or obligation hereunder, (ii) rights and obligations expressed herein to be, in effect, of the Company, the Capital Corporation or JD Luxembourg, each of them or of any of them together with the Capital Corporation, but not any such rights and obligations expressed herein to be of the Capital Corporation only, shall be deemed to be rights and obligations of the Company only and (iii) the Banks shall cease to have any right or obligation hereunder which depends or is contingent upon any action, condition or performance, or the absence thereof, whether past or present, of the Capital Corporation other than any action, condition or performance, or the absence thereof, of the Capital Corporation in its capacity as a Subsidiary, Significant Subsidiary or Restricted Subsidiary hereunder; provided , however , that the obligation of the Capital Corporation to make any payment pursuant to subsection 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 or 2.17 which arises prior to the cancellation of the ability of the Capital Corporation to borrow hereunder shall survive the cancellation of the ability of the Capital Corporation to borrow hereunder; provided further that any cancellation of the ability of the Capital Corporation to borrow hereunder shall be accompanied by the cancellation of the ability of JD Luxembourg to borrow hereunder pursuant to clause (c) below. 
 (c) The Company may cancel the ability of JD Luxembourg to borrow hereunder upon not less than five Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent. Upon receipt of such notice from the Company, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. On the first day following receipt of such notice, on which all Loans to JD Luxembourg and all interest thereon shall have been paid in full, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, (i) JD Luxembourg shall 

37 
 cease to be a party hereto or to have any right or obligation hereunder, (ii) rights and obligations expressed herein to be, in effect, of each of the Company, the Capital Corporation or JD Luxembourg, each of them or any of them together with JD Luxembourg, but not any such rights and obligations expressed herein to be of JD Luxembourg only, shall be deemed to be rights and obligations of the Company and the Capital Corporation, as applicable, only and (iii) the Banks shall cease to have any right or obligation hereunder which depends or is contingent upon any action, condition or performance, or the absence thereof, whether past or present, of JD Luxembourg other than any action, condition or performance, or the absence thereof, of JD Luxembourg in its capacity as a Subsidiary, Significant Subsidiary or Restricted Subsidiary hereunder; provided , however , that the obligation of JD Luxembourg to make any payment pursuant to subsection 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 or 2.17 which arises prior to the cancellation of the ability of JD Luxembourg to borrow hereunder shall survive the cancellation of the ability of JD Luxembourg to borrow hereunder. 
 2.6 Prepayments . (a) Each Borrower may at any time and from time to time prepay its Committed Rate Loans in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, but subject to the provisions of subsection 2.14, upon at least three Working Days irrevocable notice (by 11:00 A.M. Local Time), in the case of Eurocurrency Loans , or SONIA Loans or same day irrevocable notice in the case of ABR Loans, in each case to the Administrative Agent, specifying the date and amount of prepayment and whether the prepayment is of its Eurocurrency Loans , SONIA Loans , ABR Loans, or a combination thereof, and if of a combination thereof, the amount of prepayment allocable to each. Upon receipt of such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. If such notice is given, the Borrower delivering such notice shall make such prepayment, and the payment of the amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable, on the date specified therein, together with accrued interest to such date on the amount prepaid and any amounts payable pursuant to subsections 2.14 and 2.15. Except as provided in the immediately following sentence, partial prepayments shall be in an aggregate principal amount of 5,000,000, or a whole multiple thereof (or comparable amounts reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in the case of Foreign Currency Loans); provided , however, that after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount of all Committed Rate Loans made on the same Borrowing Date shall not be less than 25,000,000 (or comparable amounts reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in the case of Foreign Currency Loans). Anything contained in this subsection 2.6 to the contrary notwithstanding, partial prepayments of a Cancelled Bank s Loans in connection with the termination under subsection 2.13(a), (b) or (c), 2.16(c) or 2.17(b), or upon a Defaulting Bank becoming a Cancelled Bank, of such Cancelled Bank s Commitment (in whole or in part) shall be in an amount equal to the principal amount of the Loans of such Bank being prepaid, notwithstanding the amount thereof, and shall be permitted notwithstanding the provisions of the foregoing proviso. The Company and the Capital Corporation may prepay Negotiated Rate Loans or Bid Loans on such terms as shall be mutually agreed upon between the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank. 
 (a) If, on any Calculation Date, the Total Extensions of Credit outstanding on such date exceed the Total Commitments, on such date, the Borrowers shall, without notice or demand, within five Business Days (i) repay Loans and reduce L/C Obligations in an aggregate principal amount such that, after giving effect thereto, the Total Extensions of Credit shall be equal to or less than the Total Commitments and (ii) pay interest and fees accrued to the date of such payment, prepayment or reduction on the principal so prepaid or reduced and any amounts payable under subsection 2.14 in connection therewith. 
 2.7 Minimum Amount of Certain Loans . All borrowings, conversions, continuations, payments and, except as set forth in the penultimate sentence of subsection 2.6, prepayments in respect of Committed Rate Loans shall be in such amounts and be made pursuant to such elections that, after giving effect thereto, (a) the aggregate principal amount of Committed Rate Loans made on any Borrowing Date shall not be less than 25,000,000 or a whole multiple of 5,000,000 in excess thereof (or comparable 

38 
 amounts reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in the case of Foreign Currency Loans) and (b) the aggregate principal amount of Committed Rate Loans of any Type with the same Interest Period shall not be less than 10,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (or comparable amounts reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in the case of Foreign Currency Loans). 2.8 Committed Rate Loan Interest Rate and Payment Da tes . ii) The Eurocurrency Loans shall bear interest for the period from the date thereof until the stated maturity thereof on the unpaid principal amount thereof at a rate per annum equal to the Eurocurrency Rate determined for the Interest Period therefor plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (a) The ABR Loans shall bear interest for each day during the period from the date thereof until the payment in full thereof on the unpaid principal amount thereof at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the ABR for such day plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (b) T he SONIA Loans shall bear interest for each day during the period from the date thereof until the payment in full thereof on the unpaid principal amount thereof at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA for such day plus the Applicable Margin. (b) (c) If all or a portion of the principal amount of any of the Committed Rate Loans or Reimbursement Obligations shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) such overdue principal amount of such Committed Rate Loan and Reimbursement Obligations (i) shall bear interest at a rate per annum which is 1 above the rate which would otherwise be applicable pursuant to subsection 2.8(a) or , (b) or (c) as the case may be, from the date when such principal amount is due until the date on which such amount is paid in full and (ii) shall, if such Committed Rate Loan is a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars, be converted to an ABR Loan at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. (c) (d) Interest shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 2.9 Conversion and Continuation Options . (a) The relevant Borrower may elect from time to time to convert Committed Rate Loans denominated in Dollars of one Type into Committed Rate Loans denominated in Dollars of another Type by giving to the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice of such conversion by the earliest time that they would have been required to give notice under subsection 2.1(c) if they had been borrowing Committed Rate Loans of each such Type on the conversion date specified in such notice, provided that any such conversion of Eurocurrency Loans may only be made on the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto. Any such notice of conversion to Eurocurrency Loans shall specify the length of the initial Interest Period or Interest Periods therefor. Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. All or any part of outstanding Eurocurrency Loans and ABR Loans denominated in Dollars may be converted as provided herein, provided that no Loan may be converted into a Eurocurrency Loan after the date that is one month prior to (i) in the case of a Loan made by an Objecting Bank, such Objecting Bank s Commitment Expiration Date, and (ii) in the case of all Loans, the Termination Date. 
 (b) Any Eurocurrency Loans may be continued as such upon the expiration of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto by the relevant Borrower giving notice to the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as the case may be, such notice to be given by the time it would have been required to give notice under subsection 2.1(c) if it had been borrowing Eurocurrency Loans on the last day of the then expiring Interest Period therefor, of the length of the next Interest Period to be applicable to such Loans, provided that no Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars may be continued as such after the date that is one month prior to (i) in the case of a Loan made by an Objecting Bank, such Objecting Bank s Commitment Expiration Date, and (ii) in the case of all Loans, the Termination Date. 

39 
 Upon receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as the case may be, shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees . (a) Commitment fees and interest in respect of SONIA Loans and ABR Loans based upon clause (a) of the definition of ABR shall be calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366- as the case may be) day year for the actual days elapsed (including the first day and excluding the last day). Interest in respect of Eurocurrency Loans, Bid Loans and ABR Loans based upon clause (b) or (c) of the definition of ABR and Letter of Credit Fees shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual days elapsed (including the first day and excluding the last day), provided , that interest in respect of Foreign Currency Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, Australian Dollars, Canadian Dollars or New Zealand Dollars shall be calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366- as the case may be) day year for actual days elapsed. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrowers and the Banks of each determination of a Eurocurrency Rate and/or Daily Simple SONIA . Any change in the interest rate on a Committed Rate Loan resulting from a change in ABR shall become effective as of the opening of business on the day on which such change in ABR shall become effective. The Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, shall promptly notify the Borrowers and the Banks of the effective date and the amount of each such change. 
 (b) Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrowers and the Banks in the absence of manifest error. 
 2.11 Inability to Determine Interest Rate . (a) With respect to any Eurocurrency Loan denominated in any Currency or SONIA Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling that is then outstanding, or that has been requested to be borrowed, in the event that the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Borrowers) that (i) by reason of circumstances affecting the interbank market for the applicable Currency generally, (A) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Screen Rate for such Currency for any requested Interest Period with respect to Committed Rate Loans that a Borrower has requested be made as, continued as or converted into Eurocurrency Loans or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA or Daily Simple SONIA for SONIA Loans; provided that this clause (i) shall not apply to a Loan denominated in any Currency to the extent that a Benchmark Transition Event in respect of such Currency shall have occurred at such time or (ii) that deposits in the applicable Currency are not generally available, or cannot be obtained by the Banks, in the applicable market (any Foreign Currency affected by the circumstances described in clause (i) or (ii) is referred to as an Affected Foreign Currency ), the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, shall promptly give notice of such determination to such Borrower and the Banks , which with respect to Eurocurrency Loans, shall be prior to the first day of the requested Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Loans. If such notice is given, such Borrower may (A) in accordance with the provisions of subsection 2.1 or 2.9, as the case may be (including any requirements for notification), request that the affected Loans denominated in Dollars be made as, continued as or converted into, as the case may be, ABR Loans, (B) request that any outstanding Foreign Currency Eurocurrency Loans in an Affected Foreign Currency be converted, on the last day of the then-current Interest Period, to Dollar Loans at the applicable Exchange Rate or , (C) request that any outstanding SONIA Loan bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent, determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling cannot be determined, any outstanding affected SONIA Loans, at the applicable Borrower s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars at the applicable exchange rate immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately or (D) in the case of (A) Loans (other than SONIA Loans) requested to be made on the first day of such Interest Period or (B) SONIA Loans requested to be made , withdraw the notice given 

40 
 under subsection 2.1 or 2.9, as the case may be, by giving telephonic notice to the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, no later than 10:00 A.M. (Local Time) one Business Day prior to the applicable Borrowing Date, confirmed in writing no later than one Business Day after such telephonic notice is given; provided that if the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, does not receive any notice permitted from the relevant Borrower hereunder, such Borrower shall be deemed to have requested that the affected Loans be made as, continued as or converted into, as the case may be, ABR Loans or, in the case of Foreign Currency Loans, shall be deemed to have requested that the affected Loans be made as, continued as or converted into, as the case may be, Dollar Loans which are (1) ABR Loans (in the case of clause (i) above) or (2) Eurocurrency Loans (in the case of clause (ii) above). Until the notice given pursuant to the first sentence of this paragraph has been withdrawn by the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, no further Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars (in the case of clause (i) above) or Eurocurrency Loans or SONIA Loans, in each case in an Affected Foreign Currency , shall be made or , with respect to such Eurocurrency Loans, continued as such, nor shall the Borrower have the right to convert ABR Loans to Eurocurrency Loans. (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark with respect to a Loan denominated in any Currency, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement for a Loan denominated in such Currency is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for a Loan denominated in such Currency for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement for a Loan denominated in such Currency is determined in accordance with clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Banks without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Banks comprising the Majority Banks. (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, solely with respect to a Loan denominated in Dollars, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, this clause (c) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Banks and the Company a Term SOFR Notice. (d) In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

41 
 (e) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Banks of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Bank (or group of Banks) pursuant to this subsection 2.11, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this subsection 2.11. (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or Eurocurrency Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent shall modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (g) Upon the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to the Relevant Rate applicable to any Eurocurrency Loan , and or SONIA Loan, as applicable, and, with respect to such Eurocurrency Loans, during the continuance thereof (in each case below, to the extent such Benchmark Unavailability Period is in respect of the Relevant Rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan or such SONIA Loan, as applicable ), (i) a Borrower may revoke any request for a Eurocurrency Loan or SONIA Loan to be made during such Benchmark Unavailability Period, and, failing that, the applicable Borrower will be deemed to have converted such request for a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars into a request for an ABR Loan and (ii) any request for a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency or a SONIA Loan shall be ineffective. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Eurocurrency Loan in any Currency or SONIA Loan is outstanding on the date of the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to the Relevant Rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan or SONIA Loan, as applicable , then (i) if such Eurocurrency Loan is denominated in Dollars, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan denominated in Dollars on such day or , (ii) if such Eurocurrency Loan is denominated in any Foreign Currency, such Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), at the applicable Borrower s election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the applicable Borrower on such day or (B) be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such 

42 
 Eurocurrency Loan on such day (it being understood and agreed that if the applicable Borrower does not so prepay such Loan on such day by 12:00 noon, Local Time, the Administrative Agent is authorized to effect such conversion of such Eurocurrency Loan into an ABR Loan denominated in Dollars)); provided that, in the case of this subclause (B), upon any subsequent implementation of a Benchmark Replacement in respect of such Foreign Currency pursuant to this subsection 2.11, such ABR Loan denominated in Dollars shall then be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in the original Foreign Currency applicable to such Loan (in an amount equal to the Foreign Currency Equivalent of the amount of such ABR Loan) on the day of, and after giving effect to, such implementation . or (iii) such SONIA Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling cannot be determined, any outstanding affected SONIA Loans, at the Company s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of Pounds Sterling) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 2.12 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments . (a) All payments (including prepayments) to be made by the Borrowers on account of principal, Reimbursement Obligations, interest and fees shall be made without defense, set-off or counterclaim and shall be made, in the case of fees and principal of, and interest on, Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) and Reimbursement Obligations at the Administrative Agent s office specified in subsection 10.2, in each case in the relevant Currency in which the Loan was made (and in Dollars in the case of Reimbursement Obligations) and in immediately available funds not later than 11:00 A.M. (Local Time) on the date due. The Administrative Agent shall distribute such payments to the Banks entitled thereto on the day of receipt in like funds as received, provided that the Administrative Agent shall have received such payments not later than 11:00 A.M. (Local Time). If the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payments to the Banks entitled thereto on a date after the date on which such payments were received prior to 11:00 A.M. (Local Time), the Administrative Agent shall pay to each such Bank on demand an amount equal to the product of (i) the daily average applicable Overnight Rate, times (ii) the amount of such Bank s share of such payment, times (iii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse from and including such date of receipt of payment by the Administrative Agent to but excluding the date on which such Bank s share of such payment shall have become immediately available to such Bank and the denominator of which is 360. All payments (including prepayments) to be made by the Borrowers on account of principal, interest and fees relating to Negotiated Rate Loans shall be made to the Bank with respect thereto on such terms, at such address and at such time as shall be mutually agreed upon between the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank in lawful money of the United States of America on the date due. 
 (b) (i) Each borrowing by a Borrower of Committed Rate Loans and each payment of principal in respect of Committed Rate Loans (subject to the provisions of subsection 2.20(e)) shall be made in accordance with the following requirements: (A) All borrowings of Committed Rate Loans and all principal payments in respect of such Loans, shall be made pro rata according to the respective Commitments of the Banks. 
 (B) As provided in clause (b)(ii) below, if any principal payment is made in respect of any Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) on any day on which principal amounts are due and owing in respect of any Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans), such principal payment shall be applied to the Banks pro rata according to the respective amounts of principal due and owing to the Banks under this Agreement. 

43 
 (ii) Except as provided in subsections 2.13, 2.16 and 2.17, each reduction of the Commitments shall be made pro rata among the Banks according to their respective Commitment Percentages. Each payment by the Borrowers under this Agreement or of any Loan (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) shall be applied, first , to any fees then due and owing pursuant to subsections 2.4 and 2.26, second , to interest then due and owing in respect of the Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) and Reimbursement Obligations and third , to principal then due and owing hereunder (other than principal due and owing under Negotiated Rate Loans) under the Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) and Reimbursement Obligations. Each payment made by the Company or the Capital Corporation under this Agreement relating to a Negotiated Rate Loan to the Bank with respect thereto shall be applied, first , to interest then due and owing in respect of such Negotiated Rate Loan and second , to principal then due and owing hereunder with respect to such Negotiated Rate Loan and under such Negotiated Rate Loan. Each payment (other than voluntary prepayments made when no principal payments are due and owing hereunder) by a Borrower on account of principal of and interest on the Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) and Reimbursement Obligations shall be made for the account of each Bank pro rata according to the respective amounts of principal, Reimbursement Obligations and interest due and owing to such Bank under this Agreement. Subject to the requirements of clause (i) of this paragraph (b), each payment by a Borrower on account of principal of the Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) and Reimbursement Obligations shall be applied, first , to such of its Committed Rate Loan borrowings and Reimbursement Obligations as such Borrower may designate and, second , after all Committed Rate Loans and Reimbursement Obligations shall have been paid in full, to all of its Absolute Rate Bid Loans or Index Rate Bid Loans made on the same Borrowing Date with the same Interest Period as such Borrower may designate, pro rata according to the respective amounts outstanding; provided , however , that prepayments made pursuant to subsection 2.13(a), (b) or (c), 2.16(c) or 2.17(b) shall be applied in accordance with such subsection. 
 (c) If any payment hereunder (other than payments on the Eurocurrency Loans and Index Rate Bid Loans) becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day. If any payment on a Eurocurrency Loan or Index Rate Bid Loan becomes due and payable on a day other than a Working Day, the maturity thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Working Day unless the result of such extension would be to extend such payment into another calendar month in which event such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Working Day. With respect to any extension of the payment of principal pursuant to this subsection 2.12(c), interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension. (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by any Bank prior to the date of the Committed Rate Loan, Committed Rate Loans, Bid Loan or Bid Loans to be made by such Bank (which notice shall be effective upon receipt) that such Bank will not make its pro rata share of the amount of the requested borrowing on such date available to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Bank has made such amount available to it on such date and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the relevant Borrower a corresponding amount. If a Bank shall make such amount available to the Administrative Agent on a date after such Borrowing Date, such Bank shall pay to the Administrative Agent on demand an amount equal to the product of (i) the daily average applicable Overnight Rate, times (ii) the amount of such Bank s pro rata share of such borrowing, times (iii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse from and including such Borrowing Date to but excluding the date on which such Bank s pro rata share of such borrowing shall have become immediately available to the Administrative Agent and the denominator of which is 360. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to any Bank with respect to any amounts owing under this subsection 2.12(d) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. If such Bank s pro rata share is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent by such Bank within three Business Days of such Borrowing Date, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such amount, on demand, from the relevant Borrower with interest thereon at the rate equal to the 

44 
 product of (i) during the period from and including such Borrowing Date to the Business Day next following the date of such demand, the daily average applicable Overnight Rate, times a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse from and including such Borrowing Date to but excluding the Business Day next following the date of such demand and the denominator of which is 360 and (ii) thereafter, the interest rate or rates applicable to the Loan or Loans funded by the Administrative Agent on behalf of such Bank on such Borrowing Date, times a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days which elapse from and including the Business Day next following the date of such demand to but excluding the date such amount is recovered by the Administrative Agent from such Borrower and the denominator of which is 360. In the event any Bank s pro rata share of a borrowing is not made available to the Administrative Agent in accordance with this paragraph within three Business Days of the applicable Borrowing Date (i) such Bank shall, during the period from such Borrowing Date to the date such Bank makes its pro rata share of the applicable borrowing available, not accrue and shall not be entitled to receive any commitment fee under subsection 2.4 and (ii) each Borrower may exercise or pursue any other rights, remedies, powers and privileges against such Bank as are provided by law or by contract. 2.13 Requirements of Law . (a) If any Bank shall determine that by reason of (i) the introduction after the date hereof of any applicable law, regulation or guideline or any change after the date hereof in any applicable law, regulation or guideline (including the phasing-in of a provision of any applicable law, regulation or guideline) or in the interpretation thereof by any governmental or other regulatory authority charged with the administration thereof or any court of competent jurisdiction and/or (ii) compliance by such Bank with any requirement adopted after the date hereof or directive adopted after the date hereof from any central bank or other fiscal, monetary or other regulatory authority (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the cost of such Bank of maintaining or giving effect to its obligations with respect to Committed Rate Loans or Letters of Credit under this Agreement or maintaining its Commitment with respect to Committed Rate Loans or Letters of Credit or making or maintaining any Eurocurrency Loans or SONIA Loans or any reduction in any amount receivable by such Bank in respect of Eurocurrency Loans or SONIA Loans under this Agreement, notwithstanding the reasonable efforts (such reasonable efforts not to result in the incurrence of additional costs or expenses) of such Bank to mitigate such increase or reduction (excluding for purposes of this subsection 2.13 any such increased costs resulting from (x) Indemnified Taxes (as to which subsection 2.17 shall govern), (y) changes in the basis of taxation of overall net income or overall gross income by the United States or by the foreign jurisdiction or state under the laws of which such Bank is organized or has its applicable lending office or any political subdivision thereof and (z) FATCA), then the relevant Borrower shall from time to time on receipt (whenever occurring) of a certificate from such Bank (which shall be executed by an officer thereof and a copy of which shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent) pay to such Bank such amounts as are stated therein to be required to indemnify such Bank against such increased costs or reduction; provided , however, that if such Borrower becomes obligated to pay any Bank any additional amount pursuant to this subsection 2.13(a), such Borrower shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable to such Bank pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee, Letter of Credit Fee, Reimbursement Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit or other amount payable to such Bank hereunder and/or, upon giving not less than three Business Days notice to any such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank (and upon such cancellation, such Bank s participation in any then outstanding undrawn Letters of Credit shall terminate) (it being understood that any partial cancellation of the Commitment shall result in a corresponding reduction of such Bank s participating interest in respect of Letters of Credit); provided , further, that such Borrower shall not be obligated to pay any Bank any additional amount pursuant to this subsection 2.13(a) (A) which constitutes a present or future income, stamp or other tax, levy, impost, 

45 
 duty, charge, fee, deduction or withholding referred to in subsection 2.17(a) or (B) as a result of any law, rule, guideline, regulation, request or directive regarding capital adequacy or liquidity referred to in subsection 2.13(b). A certificate of such Bank as to the amount of such increased costs or reduction shall set forth in reasonable detail the computation of such increased costs or reduction, and shall be binding and conclusive in the absence of manifest error. A Bank which demands indemnification hereunder as a result of an increased cost or reduction referred to herein shall deliver the certificate referred to above to the relevant Borrower demanding indemnification no later than the later of (y) the thirtieth day immediately following each payment or realization by such Bank of such increased cost or reduction (and such certificate shall certify that the amounts set forth therein were paid or realized within such thirty-day period) and (z) the thirtieth day immediately following such Bank s knowledge of the incurrence or realization by such Bank of such increased cost or reduction (and such certificate shall so certify). (b) In the event that any Bank shall have determined that the adoption after the date hereof of any law, rule, guideline or regulation regarding capital adequacy or liquidity, or any change after the date hereof in any existing or future law, rule, guideline or regulation regarding capital adequacy or liquidity (excluding, however, the phasing-in of any existing law, rule, regulation or guideline regarding capital adequacy or liquidity) or in the interpretation or application thereof or compliance by such Bank or any corporation controlling such Bank with any request or directive made or adopted after the date hereof regarding capital adequacy or liquidity (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or Governmental Authority, does or shall have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Bank s or such corporation s capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Bank or such corporation could have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration such Bank s or such corporation s policies with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Bank to be material, then from time to time, within 30 days after receipt (whenever occurring) of a certificate from such Bank (which shall be executed by an officer thereof and a copy of which shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent), the Company and the Capital Corporation jointly and severally agree to pay to such Bank such additional amounts as are stated therein to be required to compensate it for such reduction; provided , however , that if such Borrower becomes obligated to pay any Bank any additional amount pursuant to this subsection 2.13(b), such Borrower shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee, Letter of Credit Fee, Reimbursement Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit or other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or, upon giving not less than three Business Days notice to any such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank (and upon such cancellation, such Bank s participation in any then outstanding undrawn Letters of Credit shall terminate) (it being understood that any partial cancellation of the Commitment shall result in a corresponding reduction of such Bank s participating interest in respect of Letters of Credit) (but only if after giving effect to such cancellation and prepayment the Total Extensions of Credit do not exceed the Total Commitments). A certificate of such Bank as to the amount of such reduction shall set forth in reasonable detail the computation of such reduction, and shall be binding and conclusive in the absence of manifest error. A Bank which demands indemnification hereunder as a result of a reduction referred to herein shall deliver the certificate referred to above to the relevant Borrower demanding indemnification no later than the later of (i) the thirtieth day immediately following each realization by such Bank of such reduction (and such certificate shall certify that the amounts set forth therein were realized within such thirty-day period) and (ii) the thirtieth day immediately following such Bank s knowledge of the realization by such Bank of such reduction (and such certificate shall so certify). 
 (c) Each Borrower shall pay to each Bank that delivers a certificate to such Borrower in accordance with this subsection (c) such amounts as shall be necessary to reimburse such Bank for the 

46 
 costs (determined in accordance with the immediately following sentence), if any, incurred by such Bank, as a result of the application to such Bank during any period on which there are outstanding Eurocurrency Loans advanced by such Bank to such Borrower of basic, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserves under any regulations of the Board or other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto dealing with reserve requirements prescribed for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D of such Board) maintained by a member bank of such system (any such reserves dealing with reserve requirements prescribed for eurocurrency funding being referred to as Reserves ), such amount to be set forth in a certificate of such Bank delivered to the relevant Borrower; provided , however , that if a Bank gives to a Borrower the written notice contemplated by the proviso set forth in the second following sentence, such Borrower shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee, Letter of Credit Fee, Reimbursement Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit or other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or upon giving not less than three Working Days notice to such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank (and upon such cancellation, such Bank s participation in any then outstanding undrawn Letters of Credit shall terminate) (it being understood that any partial cancellation of the Commitment shall result in a corresponding reduction of such Bank s participating interest in respect of Letters of Credit). Amounts certified by a Bank hereunder for any period shall represent such Bank s calculation or, if an accurate calculation is impracticable, reasonable estimate (using such reasonable means of allocation as such Bank shall determine) of the actual costs, if any, theretofore incurred by such Bank as a result of the application of Reserves to Eurocurrency liabilities (as referred to in Regulation D referred to above) of such Bank in an amount equal to such Bank s Eurocurrency Loans during such period and in any event shall not exceed the amount obtainable utilizing the maximum Reserves prescribed by the Board or other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto for such period. Such payment shall be made within fifteen days after receipt by the relevant Borrower of a certificate, signed by an officer of the Bank delivering such certificate, which certificate shall be binding and conclusive in the absence of demonstrable error, specifying the period (prior to the date of such certificate) during which the cost set forth therein was incurred by such Bank and stating (i) that such amount represents the actual cost, or, if an accurate calculation of such cost is impracticable stating that such amount represents such Bank s reasonable estimate of the actual cost, incurred by such Bank during such period as a result of the application of Reserves to Eurocurrency liabilities of such Bank in an amount equal to such Bank s Eurocurrency Loans during such period and specified in such certificate and (ii) that the amount set forth therein does not in any event exceed the amount obtainable utilizing the maximum Reserves prescribed for such period by the Board or such other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto; provided that the obligation of the Borrowers to pay any amounts pursuant to this subsection 2.13(c) shall apply only in the case of those Banks that give to the relevant Borrower and the Administrative Agent, no later than 3:00 P.M. (Local Time) on the day that is two Working Days prior to the applicable Borrowing Date therefor, a written notice stating that such Bank intends to demand reimbursement pursuant hereto. A Bank which demands reimbursement of Reserve costs hereunder on account of a Eurocurrency Loan made by such Bank shall deliver the certificate referred to in the preceding sentence to the relevant Borrower setting forth the items specified in clauses (i) and (ii) of the preceding sentence no later than the thirtieth day immediately following the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan. 
 (d) If any Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction of any Foreign Currency (or any other jurisdiction in which the funding operations of any Bank shall be conducted with respect to such Foreign Currency) shall put into effect after the date hereof any reserve, liquid asset or similar requirement with respect to any category of deposits or liabilities customarily used to fund loans in such Foreign Currency (excluding any Reserves), or by reference to which interest rates applicable to loans in 

47 
 such Foreign Currency are determined, and the result of such requirement shall be to increase the cost to such Bank of making or maintaining any Foreign Currency Loan in such Foreign Currency, and such Bank shall deliver to the Borrowers a notice requesting compensation under this paragraph, then the Borrower will pay to such Bank on each Interest Payment Date with respect to each affected Foreign Currency Loan an amount that will compensate such Bank for such additional cost; provided , that the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Bank pursuant to this paragraph for any amounts incurred more than three months prior to the date that such Banks notifies the Borrowers of such Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor; and provided further that, if the circumstances giving rise to such claim have a retroactive effect, then such three-month period shall be extended to include the period of such retroactive effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Bank gives to a Borrower the written notice contemplated by the proviso set forth in the following sentence, such Borrower shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee, Letter of Credit Fee, Reimbursement Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit or other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or upon giving not less than three Working Days notice to such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank (and upon such cancellation, such Bank s participation in any then outstanding undrawn Letters of Credit shall terminate) (it being understood that any partial cancellation of the Commitment shall result in a corresponding reduction of such Bank s participating interest in respect of Letters of Credit). Such payment shall be made within fifteen days after receipt by the relevant Borrower of a certificate, signed by an officer of the Bank delivering such certificate, which certificate shall be binding and conclusive in the absence of demonstrable error, specifying the period (prior to the date of such certificate) during which the cost set forth therein was incurred by such Bank and stating (i) that such amount represents the actual cost, or, if an accurate calculation of such cost is impracticable stating that such amount represents such Bank s reasonable estimate of the actual cost, incurred by such Bank during such period as a result of the application of such reserve, liquid asset or similar requirements in an amount equal to such Bank s Foreign Currency Loans during such period and specified in such certificate and (ii) that the amount set forth therein does not in any event exceed the amount obtainable utilizing such reserves prescribed for such period by such Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto; provided that the obligation of the Borrowers to pay any amounts pursuant to this subsection 2.13(d) shall apply only in the case of those Banks that give to the relevant Borrower and the Administrative Agent, no later than 3:00 P.M. (Local Time) on the day that is two Working Days prior to the applicable Borrowing Date therefor, a written notice stating that such Bank intends to demand reimbursement pursuant hereto. A Bank which demands reimbursement of reserve costs hereunder on account of a Foreign Currency Loan made by such Bank shall deliver the certificate referred to in the preceding sentence to the relevant Borrower setting forth the items specified in clauses (i) and (ii) of the preceding sentence no later than the thirtieth day immediately following the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Foreign Currency Loan. 
 (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if (A) the adoption of any law, rule or regulation after the date of this Agreement, (B) any change in any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement or (C) compliance by any Bank with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement, shall make it unlawful for any such Bank to make or maintain any Foreign Currency Loan or to give effect to its obligations as contemplated hereby with respect to any Foreign Currency Loan, then, by written notice to the Borrowers and to the Administrative Agent: 
 (i) such Bank or Banks may declare that Foreign Currency Loans (in the affected Currency or Currencies) will not thereafter (for the duration of such unlawfulness) be 

48 
 made by such Bank or Banks hereunder (or be continued for additional Interest Periods), whereupon any request for a Foreign Currency Loan (in the affected Currency or Currencies) or to continue a Foreign Currency Loan (in the affected Currency or Currencies, as the case may be, for an additional Interest Period) shall, as to such Bank or Banks only, be of no force and effect, unless such declaration shall be subsequently withdrawn; and 
 (ii) such Bank may require that all outstanding Foreign Currency Loans (in the affected Currency or Currencies), made by it be converted to ABR Loans or Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars, as the case may be (unless repaid by the Borrowers), in which event all such Foreign Currency Loans (in the affected Currency or Currencies) shall be converted to ABR Loans or Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars, as the case may be, as of the effective date of such notice as provided in paragraph (f) below and at the Exchange Rate on the date of such conversion or, at the option of the Borrower, repaid on the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto or, if earlier, the date on which the applicable notice becomes effective. 
 In the event any Bank shall exercise its rights under (i) or (ii) above, all payments and prepayments of principal that would otherwise have been applied to repay the converted Foreign Currency Loans of such Bank shall instead be applied to repay the ABR Loans or Loans denominated in Dollars, as the case may be, made by such Bank resulting from such conversion. (f) For purposes of subsection 2.13(e), a notice to a Borrower by any Bank shall be effective as to each Foreign Currency Loan made by such Bank, if lawful, on the last day of the Interest Period currently applicable to such Foreign Currency Loan; in all other cases such notice shall be effective on the date of receipt thereof by such Borrower. 
 (g) The obligations of the parties under this subsection 2.13 shall survive termination of this Agreement and payment of the Loans. 
 (h) For purposes of this subsection 2.13, (i) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or by United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, and (ii) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof , shall be deemed to have been introduced and adopted after the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Bank shall be entitled to seek compensation for costs imposed pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or Basel III if it shall not be the general policy of such Bank at such time to seek compensation from other investment grade borrowers with the same or similar ratings under yield protection provisions in credit agreements with such borrowers that provide for such compensation and the applicable Bank is in fact generally seeking such compensation from such borrowers (and, upon any request by such Bank for payment, certifies to the Borrower to the effect of the foregoing). 
 2.14 Indemnity . (a) With respect to Loans that are not SONIA Loans, E e ach Borrower agrees to indemnify each Bank and to hold each Bank harmless from any loss or expense which such Bank may sustain or incur as a consequence of a i default by such Borrower in payment of the principal amount of or interest on any Loan by such Bank, including, but not limited to, any such loss or expense arising from interest or fees payable by such Bank to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to maintain its Loans hereunder, b ii default by such Borrower in making a borrowing, conversion or continuance after such Borrower has given a notice in accordance with subsection 2.1, 2.2 or 2.9, c iii default by such Borrower in making any prepayment after such Borrower has given a notice in 

49 
 accordance with subsection 2.5 or 2.6 or d iv the making by such Borrower of a prepayment of a Committed Rate Loan (other than an ABR Loan), a Bid Loan or, to the extent agreed to by the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank with respect to a Negotiated Rate Loan, a Negotiated Rate Loan on a day which is not the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto (with respect to Committed Rate Loans) or the maturity date therefor (with respect to Bid Loans) or any agreed date (with respect to Negotiated Rate Loans), including, but not limited to, any such loss or expense arising from interest or fees payable by such Bank to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to maintain its Loans hereunder. This covenant shall survive termination of this Agreement and payment of the outstanding Loans. A certificate as to any amount payable pursuant to the foregoing shall be submitted by such Bank (and executed by an officer thereof) to the relevant Borrower, setting forth the computation of such amounts in reasonable detail, and shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. (b) With respect to SONIA Loans, each Borrower agrees to indemnify each Bank and to hold each Bank harmless from any loss or expense which such Bank may sustain or incur as a consequence of (i) default by such Borrower in payment of the principal amount of or interest on any Loan by such Bank, including, but not limited to, any such loss or expense arising from interest or fees payable by such Bank to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to maintain its Loans hereunder, (ii) default by such Borrower in making a borrowing after such Borrower has given a notice in accordance with subsection 2.1, 2.2 or 2.9, (iii) default by such Borrower in making any prepayment after such Borrower has given a notice in accordance with subsection 2.5 or 2.6 or (iv) the making by such Borrower of a prepayment of a SONIA Loan on a day which is not the payment date with respect thereto, including, but not limited to, any such loss or expense arising from interest or fees payable by such Bank to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to maintain its Loans hereunder. This covenant shall survive termination of this Agreement and payment of the outstanding SONIA Loans. A certificate as to any amount payable pursuant to the foregoing shall be submitted by such Bank (and executed by an officer thereof) to the relevant Borrower, setting forth the computation of such amounts in reasonable detail, and shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 2.15 Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent . With respect to all Loans except Negotiated Rate Loans, unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by the relevant Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due from it hereunder (which notice shall be effective upon receipt) that such Borrower does not intend to make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment when due, and the Administrative Agent may in reliance upon such assumption (but shall not be required to) make available to each Bank on such payment date an amount equal to the portion of such assumed payment to which such Bank is entitled hereunder, and if such Borrower has not in fact made such payment to the Administrative Agent, such Bank shall, on demand, repay to the Administrative Agent the amount made available to such Bank together with interest thereon in respect of each day during the period commencing on the date such amount was made available to such Bank and ending on (but excluding) the date such Bank repays such amount to the Administrative Agent, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to the relevant Bank with respect to any amount owing under this subsection 2.15 shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 2.16 Extension of Termination Date . iii) No later than 30 days prior to the Termination Date then in effect, provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time such request is submitted, the Borrowers may request an extension of such Termination Date by submitting to the Administrative Agent an Extension Request containing the information in respect of such extension specified in Exhibit I, which the Administrative Agent shall promptly furnish to each Bank. If, within 30 days of their receipt of an Extension Request, the Majority Banks shall approve in writing the extension of the Termination Date requested in such Extension Request, the Termination Date shall automatically and without any further action by any Person be extended for the period specified in 

50 
 such Extension Request; provided that (i) each extension pursuant to this subsection 2.16 shall be for a maximum of one year and (ii) the Commitment of any Bank which does not consent in writing to such extension within 30 days of its receipt of such Extension Request (an Objecting Bank shall, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, expire on the Termination Date in effect on the date of such Extension Request (such Termination Date, if any, referred to as the Commitment Expiration Date with respect to such Objecting Bank). If, within 30 days of their receipt of an Extension Request, the Majority Banks shall not approve in writing the extension of the Termination Date requested in an Extension Request, the Termination Date shall not be extended pursuant to such Extension Request. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify (y) the Banks and the Borrowers of any extension of the Termination Date pursuant to this subsection 2.16 and (z) the Borrowers and any other Bank of any Bank which becomes an Objecting Bank. No Bank has an obligation to extend its Commitment pursuant to this subsection 2.16 except in its sole discretion. (a) Any Objecting Bank the Commitment of which shall expire prior to any extended Termination Date shall, subject to subsection 2.16(c), have its Committed Rate Loans repaid in full by the applicable Borrower(s) on such expiration date, together with accrued interest thereon, and shall have any accrued and unpaid commitment fee, Letter of Credit Fee, Reimbursement Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit or other amount payable to it hereunder paid on the first date to occur following such expiration date on which the fees referred to in subsection 2.4(a) or 2.26 or other amounts are payable to the non-Objecting Banks or, if such fees or other amounts shall be so payable on such expiration date, such unpaid commitment fee, Letter of Credit Fee and other amount shall be paid on such expiration date. In addition, the participating interest of any Objecting Bank in any then outstanding undrawn Letters of Credit shall terminate on such expiration date (it being understood that each Objecting Bank shall remain liable to fund its participating interest in respect of any Letters of Credit which are drawn upon by the beneficiary thereof prior to such expiration date) and such participating interest shall be deemed to be reallocated to and among the non-Objecting Banks ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 (b) The Borrowers shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and the Objecting Banks in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Committed Rate Loans of the Objecting Banks, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee, Letter of Credit Fee, Reimbursement Obligations in respect to Letters of Credit or other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or, upon giving not less than three Working Days notice to the Objecting Banks and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitments of the Objecting Banks (and upon such cancellation, such Objecting Bank s participation in any then outstanding undrawn Letters of Credit shall terminate and such participation shall be deemed to be reallocated to and among the non-Objecting Banks ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments) (it being understood that any partial cancellation of the Commitment shall result in a corresponding reduction of such Objecting Bank s participating interest in respect of Letters of Credit) (but only if after giving effect to such cancellation or prepayment the Total Extensions of Credit do not exceed the Total Commitments), provided that during the period from the Closing Date through March 29, 2022, and, commencing on March 30, 2022, during each one-year period thereafter to and including the Termination Date (each, a Deal Year ), the aggregate Commitments of Banks which are terminated pursuant to this subsection 2.16(c) and are not replaced during such Deal Year pursuant to subsection 2.19 shall not exceed 33-1/3 of the aggregate Commitments in effect on the first day of such Deal Year of Banks which were not Objecting Banks on such first day. 
 2.17 Indemnified Taxes . (a) Except as required by applicable law, all payments made under this Agreement shall be made without set-off, counterclaim, restriction or condition and free and clear of, and without reduction for or on account of, any present or future income, stamp or 

51 
 other taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions or withholdings of any nature whatsoever, now or hereafter imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any governmental or other regulatory authority charged with the administration thereof with respect to any amount that is paid under this Agreement excluding, in the case of each Bank (for purposes of this subsection 2.17 each reference to a Bank shall be deemed to also be a reference to any Issuing Bank), (i) income and franchise taxes (including, without limitation, branch taxes) imposed by the United States or similar taxes imposed by a political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, (ii) in the case of any Foreign Bank, any taxes imposed by the United States by means of withholding at the source unless such Bank has provided the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with the documents it is required to provide to them under subsection 2.17(c) or such tax is imposed by reason of a change in United States law (other than FATCA described in clause (vi)) after the date the Bank becomes a party to this Agreement, (iii) taxes that would not have been imposed on such Bank but for the existence of a connection between such Bank and the jurisdiction imposing such taxes (other than a connection arising principally by virtue of such Bank having executed, delivered or performed its obligations or received a payment under, or enforced this Agreement), (iv) taxes that are attributable to such Bank s failure to comply with the requirements of subsection 2.17(c), subsection 2.17(d) or subsection 2.17(f), (v) any taxes imposed upon a Non-Qualifying Bank (as defined in subsection 2.17(e)) pursuant to the Luxembourg laws of 21 June, 2005 implementing the European Union Savings Directive (Council Directive 2003/48/EC) and several agreements concluded with certain dependent or associated territories, providing for the possible application of a withholding tax, as in effect as of the date hereof, other than any taxes which can be avoided pursuant to an exchange of information and for which such information is available to the Borrower, and (vi) any withholding imposed pursuant to FATCA (such non-excluded taxes being called Indemnified Taxes ). If any Indemnified Taxes are required to be withheld from any amounts so payable to the Administrative Agent or any Bank hereunder, as determined in good faith by the applicable Withholding Agent, (i) such amounts shall be paid to the relevant Government Authority in accordance with applicable law and (ii) the amounts so payable by the applicable Borrower shall be increased to the extent necessary to yield to such Bank (after payment of all Indemnified Taxes) interest or any such other amounts payable hereunder at the rates or in the amounts specified in this Agreement as if such withholding or deduction had not been made. Whenever any Indemnified Taxes are payable by any Borrower, as the case may be, as promptly as possible thereafter such Borrower, as the case may be, shall send to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, or for the account of the affected Bank, a certified copy of the original official receipt, if any, or other documentary evidence received by such Borrower showing payment thereof. If (i) such Borrower fails to pay any Indemnified Taxes when due to the appropriate taxing authority, (ii) such Borrower fails to remit to the Administrative Agent the required receipts or other required documentary evidence, or (iii) as a result of a failure listed in (i) directly above, any Indemnified Taxes are imposed directly upon the Administrative Agent or any Bank, such Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Bank, as the case may be, for any Indemnified Taxes and interest or penalties with respect thereto that may become payable by the Administrative Agent or such Banks, as the case may be, as a result of any such failure, in the case of (i) or (ii), or any such direct imposition, in the case of (iii). (b) If a Borrower is required by this subsection 2.17 to make a payment to or in respect of any Bank, such Borrower shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee, Letter of Credit Fee, Reimbursement Obligations in respect to Letters of Credit or other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or on giving not less than three Business Days notice to any such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank (and upon such cancellation, such Bank s participation in any then outstanding undrawn Letters of Credit shall terminate) (it being understood that any partial cancellation of the Commitment shall result in a corresponding 

52 
 reduction of such Bank s participating interest in respect of Letters of Credit) (but only if after giving effect to such cancellation or prepayment the Total Extensions of Credit do not exceed the Total Commitments). (c) At least two Business Days prior to the first Borrowing Date or, if such date does not occur within thirty days after the Closing Date, by the end of such thirty-day period, each Bank agrees (it being understood that the requirements of this sentence may be waived by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers acting together and in their sole discretion) that it will deliver to each Borrower and the Administrative Agent either (A) in the case of a Domestic Bank, two duly completed copies of United States Internal Revenue Service IRS Form W-9 (or any successor form), (B) in the case of a Foreign Bank, two duly completed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (including, as applicable, a letter in duplicate in substantially the form of Exhibit J), Form W-8ECI (including, as applicable, a letter in duplicate in substantially the form as Exhibit K) or Form W-8IMY, as the case may be, (or any applicable successor forms) together with any applicable underlying IRS forms certifying in each case that such Bank is entitled to receive payment under this Agreement without deduction or withholding of any United States Federal income taxes or (C) in the case of a Bank claiming exception under Sections 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code, a Certificate of Non-Bank Status (in substantially the form as the applicable Exhibit P) together with two original copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, or successor applicable form, as the case may be, to establish an exemption from United States backup withholding tax; and, in addition to the forms documents and certifications described in clauses (A), (B) and (C), any other form prescribed by applicable requirements of United States Federal income tax law as a basis for claiming a complete exemption from United States Federal withholding tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Requirement of Law to permit the relevant Borrower and the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. Each Bank (including, without limitation, each Transferee) agrees (for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers (it being understood that the requirements of this sentence may be waived by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers acting together and in their sole discretion)), to provide the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers a new letter or a new Certificate of Non-Bank Status, if applicable, and Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, Form W-8ECI or Form W-8IMY, or successor applicable form or other manner of certification, (x) in the case of a Transferee, on or before the date it becomes party to this Agreement, (y) on or before the date that any such letter, form or document expires or becomes obsolete or promptly after the occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent letter, form or document previously delivered by it, certifying in the case of a Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI or W-8IMY that such Bank is entitled to receive payments under this Agreement without deduction or withholding of any United States Federal income tax, and in the case of a Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing exemption from United States backup withholding tax, and (z) promptly after the date the relevant Borrower or the Administrative Agent reasonably requests any form of document referred to in this subsection 2.17(c); provided , however , that if a Bank is unable to provide a letter, form, certificate, successor or other document described in this sentence by reason of a change in the applicable law occurring after the date on which such letter, form, certificate, successor or other document originally was required to be provided by such Bank, then such Bank shall be required to comply with this sentence to the extent permitted under such applicable law, and the letter, form, certificate, successor or other document provided in accordance with this proviso (if any) shall certify that such Bank is entitled to receive payments under this Agreement at the lowest rate of deduction, withholding or backup withholding to which it is entitled under such applicable law. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for obtaining such documentation from any Bank other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (d) A Bank that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of non-U.S. withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments under this Agreement shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the 

53 
 Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate; provided that such Bank is legally entitled to complete, execute and deliver such documentation and in such Bank s judgment such completion, execution or submission would not materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Bank. (e) Each Bank (including, without limitation, each Transferee) shall represent that (i) it is neither an individual resident in a Member State of the European Union or in certain of the territories dependent on or associated with certain Member States (i.e., Aruba, the British Virgin Islands, Cura ao, Guernsey, the Isle of Man, Jersey, Montserrat and Sint Maarten), nor a person charged with collecting the payments derived from the Loans on behalf of such an individual and (ii) it is not an entity established in a Member State of the European Union or in one of the aforementioned territories dependent on or associated with certain Member States or, when it is such an entity, that (A) it is an entity with legal personality under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, organization or formation other than a Finnish Avoin Yhti or a Finnish Kommandiittiyhti or a Swedish Handelsbolag or a Swedish Kommanditbolag, (B) it is an entity which profits are taxed under the general rules for the taxation of enterprises applicable in the jurisdiction in which it is a resident or deemed to be a resident, (C) it is a UCITS (undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities) authorized under the EC Directive 85/611/EEC or (D) none of its members are individuals resident in a Member State of the European Union or the abovementioned territories dependent on or associated with certain Member States; provided , however , that any Bank that is or becomes unable to make such representation shall promptly deliver notice of such inability to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (such Bank a Non-Qualifying Bank ). (f) If a payment made to a Bank under this Agreement would be subject to United States federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Bank were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including, without limitation, those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Bank shall deliver to the relevant Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by applicable law and at such time or times reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including, without limitation, as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for such Borrower or the Administrative Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA, to determine that such Bank has or has not complied with such Bank s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (f), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. (g) To the extent that, as determined by the Administrative Agent, or any Bank in its sole discretion and without any obligation to disclose its tax records, Indemnified Taxes have been irrevocably utilized by the Administrative Agent, or such Bank (either as credits or deductions) to reduce its tax liabilities and such utilization is consistent with its overall tax policies, the Administrative Agent, or such Bank shall pay to the relevant Borrower, an amount equal to such reduction obtained to the extent of such increased amounts paid by such Borrower to the Administrative Agent, or such Bank as aforesaid; provided, that such Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, or such Bank, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent, or such Bank in the event such Governmental Authority determines that the Administrative Agent or such Bank was not entitled to such credit or deduction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will any indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-tax position than the 

54 
 indemnified party would have been in if the tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such tax had never been paid. The obligations of the parties under this subsection 2.17 shall survive termination of this Agreement, payment of the Loans and termination of the Letters of Credit. 2.18 Confirmations . The Administrative Agent shall, within 15 days following the last day of each calendar quarter (each such period being a Report Period ), furnish to the Borrowers a written account with respect to all amounts outstanding under the Loan Accounts as at the last day of such Report Period, including an accounting setting forth, for such Report Period the amounts of principal, interest and other sums paid and payable hereunder. The Borrowers shall, within 15 days following receipt of such written account, notify the Administrative Agent of any discrepancies between such written account and the Borrowers records or, if no such discrepancies exist, furnish written confirmation to the Administrative Agent of the accuracy of such written account. Upon any Bank s request, the Administrative Agent shall furnish to each Bank a copy of such written account together with the Borrowers response thereto. 
 2.19 Replacement of Cancelled Banks . The Borrowers may designate one or more financial institutions to act as a Bank hereunder in place of any Cancelled Bank, and upon the Borrowers, each such financial institution and the Administrative Agent executing a writing substantially in the form of Exhibit L, such financial institution shall become and be a Bank hereunder with all the rights and obligations it would have had if it had been named on the signature pages hereof, and having for all such financial institutions an aggregate Commitment no greater than the whole, or such cancelled part, of the Commitment of the Cancelled Bank in place of which such financial institutions were designated; provided , however , that all rights and obligations of such Cancelled Bank relating to the Loans made by such Cancelled Bank that are outstanding on the date of such cancellation shall be the rights and obligations of such Cancelled Bank and not of any such financial institution. The Administrative Agent shall execute any such writing presented to it and shall notify the Banks of the execution thereof, the name of the financial institution executing such writing and the amount of its Commitment. 
 2.20 Commitment Increases . (a) At any time after the Closing Date, provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrowers may request an increase of the aggregate Commitments by notice to the Administrative Agent in writing of the amount (the Offered Increase Amount of such proposed increase (such notice, a Commitment Increase Notice ). Any such Commitment Increase Notice must offer each Bank the opportunity to subscribe for its pro rata share of the increased Commitments; provided, however, the Borrowers may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), without offering to each Bank the opportunity to subscribe for its pro rata share of the increased Commitments, offer to any existing Bank or any bank or other financial institution that is not an existing Bank the opportunity to provide a new Commitment pursuant to paragraph (b) below if the aggregate amount of all Commitments made hereunder pursuant to this proviso which will be in effect when such new Commitment becomes effective does not exceed 500,000,000 subject to subsection 2.20(f). If any portion of the increased Commitments offered to the Banks as contemplated in the immediately preceding sentence is not subscribed for by the Banks, the Borrowers may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent as to any bank or financial institution that is not at such time a Bank (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), offer to any existing Bank or to one or more additional banks or financial institutions the opportunity to provide all or a portion of such unsubscribed portion of the increased Commitments pursuant to paragraph (b) below. No Bank has an obligation to increase its Commitment pursuant to this subsection 2.20 except in its sole discretion. 

55 
 (b) Any additional bank or financial institution that the Borrowers select to offer the opportunity to provide any portion of the increased Commitments, and that elects to become a party to this Agreement and provide a Commitment, shall execute a New Bank Supplement with the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit N (a New Bank Supplement ), whereupon such bank or financial institution (a New Bank shall become a Bank for all purposes and to the same extent as if originally a party hereto and shall be bound by and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement, and Schedule II shall be deemed to be amended to add the name and Commitment of such New Bank, provided that the Commitment of any such New Bank shall be in an amount not less than 10,000,000. (c) Any Bank that accepts an offer to it by the Borrowers to increase its Commitment pursuant to this subsection 2.20 shall, in each case, execute a Commitment Increase Supplement with the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit O (a Commitment Increase Supplement ), whereupon such Bank (an Increasing Bank shall be bound by and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement with respect to the full amount of its Commitment as so increased, and Schedule II shall be deemed to be amended to so increase the Commitment of such Bank. (d) The effectiveness of any New Bank Supplement or Commitment Increase Supplement shall be contingent upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of such corporate resolutions of the Borrowers and legal opinions of counsel to the Borrowers as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request with respect thereto. (e) (i) Except as otherwise provided in subparagraphs (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph (e), if any bank or financial institution becomes a New Bank pursuant to subsection 2.20(b) or any Bank s Commitment is increased pursuant to subsection 2.20(c), additional Committed Rate Loans made on or after the date of the effectiveness thereof (the Re-Allocation Date shall be made in accordance with the pro rata provisions of subsection 2.12(b) based on the Commitment Percentages in effect on and after such Re-Allocation Date (except to the extent that any such pro rata borrowings would result in any Bank making an aggregate principal amount of Committed Rate Loans in excess of its Commitment, in which case such excess amount will be allocated to, and made by, the relevant New Banks and Increasing Banks to the extent of, and in accordance with the pro rata provisions of subsection 2.12(b) based on, their respective Commitments). On each Re-Allocation Date, the Administrative Agent shall deliver such amended Schedule II and a notice to each Bank of the adjusted Commitment Percentages after giving effect to any increase in the aggregate Commitments made pursuant to this subsection 2.20 on such Re-Allocation Date. (ii) In the event that on any such Re-Allocation Date there is an unpaid principal amount of ABR Loans, the applicable Borrower shall make prepayments thereof and one or both Borrowers shall make borrowings of ABR Loans , SONIA Loans and/or Eurocurrency Loans, as the applicable Borrower shall determine, so that, after giving effect thereto, the ABR Loans , SONIA Loans and Eurocurrency Loans outstanding are held as nearly as may be in accordance with the pro rata provisions of subsection 2.12(b) based on such new Commitment Percentages. In addition, on each Re-Allocation Date, participating interests in then outstanding Letters of Credit shall be adjusted to reflect the new Commitment Percentages. 
 (iii) In the event that on any such Re-Allocation Date there is an unpaid principal amount of Eurocurrency Loans, such Eurocurrency Loans shall remain outstanding with the respective holders thereof until the expiration of their respective Interest Periods (unless the applicable Borrower elects to prepay any thereof in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement), and on the last day of the respective Interest Periods the applicable Borrower shall make prepayments thereof and one or both Borrowers shall make borrowings of ABR Loans and/or Eurocurrency Loans so 

56 
 that, after giving effect thereto, the ABR Loans and Eurocurrency Loans outstanding are held as nearly as may be in accordance with the pro rata provisions of subsection 2.12(b) based on such new Commitment Percentages. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection 2.20, (i) in no event shall any transaction effected pursuant to this subsection 2.20 cause the aggregate Commitments to exceed 3,000,000,000, (ii) the Commitment of an individual Bank shall not, as a result of providing a new Commitment or of increasing its existing Commitment pursuant to this subsection 2.20, exceed 15 of the aggregate Commitments on any Re-Allocation Date and (iii) no Bank shall have any obligation to increase its Commitment unless it agrees to do so in its sole discretion. (g) The Borrowers, at their own expense, shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent in exchange for the surrendered Notes of any Bank, if any, new Notes to such Bank and its registered assigns, if requested, in an amount equal to the Commitment of such Bank after giving effect to any increase in such Bank s Commitment. 2.21 [ Reserved ]. 
 2.22 [ Reserved ]. 
 2.23 Defaulting Banks . (a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Bank becomes a Defaulting Bank, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Bank is a Defaulting Bank: 
 (b) fees shall cease to accrue on the Available Commitment of such Defaulting Bank pursuant to subsection 2.4(a); 
 (c) the Commitment and Loans of such Defaulting Bank shall not be included in determining whether all Banks, the Majority Banks or the Required Banks have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment or waiver pursuant to subsection 10.1); provided that any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Banks or each affected Bank which affects such Defaulting Bank differently than other affected Banks shall require the consent of such Defaulting Bank ; and 
 (d) if any L/C Obligations exist at the time a Bank becomes a Defaulting Bank then: 
 (i) all or any part of such L/C Obligations shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Banks in accordance with their respective Commitment Percentages but only to the extent the sum of all non-Defaulting Banks Loans plus non-Defaulting Banks L/C Obligations plus such Defaulting Bank s Commitment Percentage of the L/C Obligations does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Banks Commitments and, in the case of each non-Defaulting Bank and after giving effect to such reallocation, the Loans and L/C Obligations of any such non-Defaulting Bank do not exceed such non-Defaulting Bank s Commitment; 
 (ii) if (w) the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, then upon the written request of any Issuing Bank, the applicable Borrower shall deposit, within five Business Days after its receipt of such request, in a cash collateral account opened by the Administrative Agent, cash in an amount requested in such notice, such amount not to exceed such Defaulting Bank s Commitment Percentage of the L/C Obligations at the time of such request attributable to the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank for the account of such Borrower; 

57 
 (iii) amounts deposited pursuant to clause (ii) above at the request of any Issuing Bank shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse such Issuing Bank for any participations required to be funded by such Defaulting Bank; 
 (iv) to the extent the Borrowers cash collateralize any portion of such Defaulting Bank s L/C Obligations pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any Letter of Credit fees pursuant to subsection 2.26(c) to such Defaulting Bank with respect to such Defaulting Bank s L/C Obligations during the period such Defaulting Bank s L/C Obligations are cash collateralized; 
 (v) if such Defaulting Bank s L/C Obligations are reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the Letter of Credit fees payable to the Banks shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Banks Commitment Percentages; 
 (e) so long as any Bank is a Defaulting Bank, no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure will be 100 covered by the non-Defaulting Banks and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Company in accordance with subsection 2.23(d), and participating interests in any such newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Banks in a manner consistent with subsection 2.26(d)(i) (and Defaulting Banks shall not participate therein); 
 (f) any amount payable to such Defaulting Bank hereunder (whether on account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise and including any amount that would otherwise be payable to such Defaulting Bank pursuant to subsection 10.6 but excluding subsection 2.19) shall, in lieu of being distributed to such Defaulting Bank, be retained by the Administrative Agent in a segregated account and, subject to any applicable requirements of law, be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent, in the following order of priority: (i) first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Bank to the Administrative Agent hereunder, (ii) second, to payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Bank to an Issuing Bank, (iii) third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent or requested by an Issuing Bank, held in such account as cash collateral for future funding obligations of the Defaulting Bank in respect of any existing or future participating interest in any Letter of Credit, (iv) fourth, to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Bank has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement and (v) fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, held in such account as cash collateral for future funding obligations of the Defaulting Bank in respect of any Loans under this Agreement. 
 The rights and remedies against a Defaulting Bank under this subsection 2.23 are in addition to other rights and remedies that the Borrowers may have against such Defaulting Bank. In the event and on the date that the Administrative Agent, the Company and the Issuing Banks each agree that a Defaulting Bank has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Bank to be a Defaulting Bank, then the L/C Obligations of the Banks shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Bank s Commitment and on such date such Bank shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Banks (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Bank to hold such Loans in accordance with its Commitment Percentage and such Bank shall no longer be a Defaulting Bank; provided , that subject to subsection 10.15, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Bank arising from that Bank having become a Defaulting Bank, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Bank as a result of such Non-Defaulting Bank s increased exposure following such reallocation. 

58 
 2.24 Judgment Currency . (a) If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum owing hereunder in one currency into another currency, each party hereto agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction, the first currency could be purchased with such other currency on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which final judgment is given. 
 (b) The obligations of the Borrowers in respect of any sum due to any party hereto or any holder of the obligations owing hereunder (the Applicable Creditor shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than the currency in which such sum is stated to be due hereunder (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day following receipt by the Applicable Creditor of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Applicable Creditor may in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency; if the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Applicable Creditor in the Agreement Currency, the Borrowers as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, agrees to indemnify the Applicable Creditor against such loss. The obligations of the Borrowers contained in this subsection 2.24 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all other amounts owing hereunder. 
 2.25 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate . (a) No later than 1:00 P.M., London time, on each Calculation Date with respect to a Foreign Currency, the Foreign Currency Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate as of such Calculation Date with respect to such Foreign Currency (it being acknowledged and agreed that the Foreign Currency Agent shall use such Exchange Rate for the purposes of determining compliance with subsection 2.1 with respect to such borrowing request). The Exchange Rates so determined shall become effective on the relevant Calculation Date, shall remain effective until the next succeeding Calculation Date and shall for all purposes of this Agreement (other than subsection 2.13(e) and subsection 2.24(a)) be the Exchange Rates employed in converting any amounts between Dollars and Foreign Currencies. 
 (b) No later than 5:00 P.M., London time, on each Calculation Date, the Foreign Currency Agent shall determine the aggregate amount of the Dollar Equivalents of the principal amounts of the Foreign Currency Loans then outstanding (after giving effect to any Foreign Currency Loans to be made or repaid on such date). 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrowers of each determination of an Exchange Rate hereunder. 
 2.26 Letters of Credit . (a) L/C Obligations. (i) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Issuing Bank, in reliance on the agreements of the other Banks set forth in subsection 2.26(d)(i), agrees to issue letters of credit Letters of Credit for the account of the Company or the Capital Corporation on any Business Day during the Commitment Period in such form as may be approved from time to time by such Issuing Bank; provided that such Issuing Bank shall not issue any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect to such issuance, (A) the L/C Obligations would exceed the L/C Commitment, (B) the Total Extensions of Credit would be greater than the Total Commitments, (C) the aggregate L/C Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank would exceed such Issuing Bank s Issuing Bank L/C Commitment or (D) the Committed Extensions of Credit of such Issuing Bank (including in its capacity as a lender of Committed Rate Loans) would exceed its Commitment (it being understood that (a) rollovers and renewals of Letters of Credit and amendments which do not increase the drawable amount of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed not to be issuances for purposes of the preceding proviso and (b) the proviso will not be violated if Total Extensions of Credit exceed Total Commitments or an Issuing Bank s Committed Extensions of Credit exceed its Commitment, in each case 

59 
 as a result of changes in Exchange Rates). Each Letter of Credit shall (1) be denominated in Dollars, and (2) expire no later than the earlier of (x) the first anniversary of its date of issuance and (y) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Termination Date, provided that any Letter of Credit with a one-year term may provide for the automatic renewal thereof for additional one-year periods (which shall in no event extend beyond the date referred to in clause (y) above). (ii) An Issuing Bank shall not at any time be obligated to issue any Letter of Credit if such issuance would conflict with, or cause such Issuing Bank or any L/C Participant to exceed any limits imposed by, any applicable Requirement of Law. 
 (iii) Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to be Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement on the Closing Date. 
 (b) Procedure for Issuance of Letter of Credit . Each of the Company and Capital Corporation may from time to time request that an Issuing Bank issue a Letter of Credit by delivering to such Issuing Bank at its address for notices specified herein an Application therefor, currently used by the applicable Issuing Bank, completed to the reasonable satisfaction of such Issuing Bank, and such other certificates, documents and other papers and information as such Issuing Bank may reasonably request. Upon receipt of any Application, such Issuing Bank will process such Application and the certificates, documents and other papers and information delivered to it in connection therewith in accordance with its reasonable customary procedures and shall promptly issue the Letter of Credit requested thereby (but in no event shall such Issuing Bank be required to issue any Letter of Credit earlier than three Business Days after its receipt of the Application therefor and all such other certificates, documents and other papers and information relating thereto) by issuing the original of such Letter of Credit to the beneficiary thereof or as otherwise may be agreed to by such Issuing Bank and such Borrower. An Issuing Bank shall furnish a copy of such Letter of Credit to the applicable Borrower promptly following the issuance thereof. An Issuing Bank shall promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, which shall in turn promptly furnish to the Banks, notice of the issuance of each Letter of Credit (including the amount thereof). 
 (c) Fees and Other Charges . (i) Each Borrower will pay a fee on all outstanding Letters of Credit issued for its account at a per annum rate equal to the Letter of Credit Fee, shared ratably among the Banks and payable quarterly in arrears on the first Business Day of each January, April, July and October of each year after the issuance date and on the Termination Date or such earlier date on which the Commitments shall terminate as provided herein. In addition, each Borrower shall pay to an Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee in an amount not to exceed 0.125 per annum (or such other amount as may be agreed between each Borrower and such Issuing Bank), on the undrawn and unexpired amount of each Letter of Credit, payable quarterly in arrears on each date on which the Letter of Credit Fee is payable. 
 (ii) In addition to the foregoing fees, each Borrower shall pay or reimburse each Issuing Bank for such normal and customary costs and expenses as are incurred or charged by such Issuing Bank in issuing, negotiating, effecting payment under, amending or otherwise administering any Letter of Credit issued for such Borrower s account. 
 (d) L/C Participations . (i) Each Issuing Bank irrevocably agrees to grant and hereby grants to each L/C Participant, and, to induce each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit, each L/C Participant irrevocably agrees to accept and purchase and hereby accepts and purchases from the applicable Issuing Bank, on the terms and conditions set forth below, for such L/C Participant s own account and risk an undivided interest equal to such L/C Participant s Commitment Percentage in such Issuing Bank s obligations and rights under and in respect of each Letter of Credit and the amount of each draft paid by such Issuing Bank thereunder. Each L/C Participant agrees with such Issuing Bank that, if a 

60 
 draft is paid under any Letter of Credit for which such Issuing Bank is not reimbursed in full by the Borrowers in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such L/C Participant shall pay to such Issuing Bank upon demand at such Issuing Bank s address for notices specified herein an amount equal to such L/C Participant s Commitment Percentage of the amount of such draft, or any part thereof, that is not so reimbursed. Each L/C Participant s obligation to pay such amount shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (i) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such L/C Participant may have against any Issuing Bank, the Borrowers or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or an Event of Default or the failure to satisfy any of the other conditions specified in Section 4, (iii) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrowers, (iv) any breach of this Agreement by the Borrowers or any other L/C Participant or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 
 (ii) If any amount required to be paid by any L/C Participant to an Issuing Bank pursuant to subsection 2.26(d)(i) in respect of any unreimbursed portion of any payment made by such Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit is paid to such Issuing Bank within three Business Days after the date such payment is due, such L/C Participant shall pay to such Issuing Bank on demand an amount equal to the product of i such amount, times ii the daily average applicable Overnight Rate during the period from and including the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such Issuing Bank, times iii) a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse during such period and the denominator of which is 360. If any such amount required to be paid by any L/C Participant pursuant to subsection 2.26(d)(i) is not made available to such Issuing Bank by such L/C Participant within three Business Days after the date such payment is due, such Issuing Bank shall be entitled to recover from such L/C Participant, on demand, such amount with interest thereon calculated from such due date at the rate per annum applicable to ABR Loans. A certificate of the applicable Issuing Bank submitted to any L/C Participant with respect to any amounts owing under this subsection shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 
 (iii) Whenever, at any time after an Issuing Bank has made payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any L/C Participant its pro rata share of such payment in accordance with subsection 2.26(d)(i), such Issuing Bank receives any payment related to such Letter of Credit (whether directly from the Borrowers or otherwise, including proceeds of collateral applied thereto by such Issuing Bank), or any payment of interest on account thereof, such Issuing Bank will distribute to such L/C Participant its pro rata share thereof; provided , however , that in the event that any such payment received by such Issuing Bank shall be required to be returned by such Issuing Bank, such L/C Participant shall return to such Issuing Bank the portion thereof previously distributed by such Issuing Bank to it. 
 (iv) Upon any cancellation of the Commitment of a Bank pursuant to subsection 2.13, 2.16 or 2.17, any replacement of a Cancelled Bank pursuant to subsection 2.19 or any increase in the Commitments pursuant to subsection 2.20, the participating interests in then outstanding Letters of Credit shall be re-allocated among the Banks to give effect to their respective Commitment Percentages as in effect after such cancellation, replacement or increase, and payment of fees payable pursuant to subsection 2.26(c) shall be made so as to give effect to such reallocation. 
 (e) Reimbursement Obligation of the Borrowers . If any draft is paid under any Letter of Credit, the Borrower for whose account such Letter of Credit was issued shall reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for the amount of (a) the draft so paid and (b) any taxes (other than non-Indemnified Taxes), fees, charges or other costs or expenses incurred by such Issuing Bank in connection with such payment, 

61 
 not later than 12:00 Noon, Local Time, on the second Business Day following the Business Day that such Borrower receives notice of such draft. Each such payment shall be made to such Issuing Bank at its address for notices referred to herein in Dollars and in immediately available funds. Interest shall be payable on any such amounts from the date on which the relevant draft is paid until payment in full is made by the Borrower at the rate set forth in (x) subsection 2.8(b), until the second Business Day next succeeding the date of the relevant notice and (y) subsection 2.8(c), thereafter. 
 (f) Obligations Absolute . The obligations of the Borrowers under this subsection 2.26 shall be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances and irrespective of any setoff, counterclaim or defense to payment that such Borrowers may have or have had against an Issuing Bank, any beneficiary of a Letter of Credit or any other Person. The Borrowers also agree with each Issuing Bank that such Issuing Bank shall not be responsible for, and the Reimbursement Obligations of the Borrowers under subsection 2.26(e) shall not be affected by, among other things, the validity or genuineness of documents or of any endorsements thereon, even though such documents shall in fact prove to be invalid, fraudulent or forged, or any dispute between or among the Borrowers and any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any other party to which such Letter of Credit may be transferred or any claims whatsoever of the Borrowers against any beneficiary of such Letter of Credit or any such transferee. No Issuing Bank shall be liable for any error, omission, interruption or delay in transmission, dispatch or delivery of any message or advice, however transmitted, in connection with any Letter of Credit, except for errors or omissions found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Issuing Bank. The Borrowers agree that any action taken or omitted by an Issuing Bank under or in connection with any Letter of Credit or the related drafts or documents, if done in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct, shall be binding on the Borrowers and shall not result in any liability of such Issuing Bank to the Borrowers. 
 (g) Letter of Credit Payments . If any draft or drawing request shall be presented for payment under any Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower for whose account such Letter of Credit was issued of the date and amount thereof. The responsibility of an Issuing Bank to the Borrowers in connection with any draft presented for payment under any Letter of Credit shall, in addition to any payment obligation expressly provided for in such Letter of Credit, be limited to determining that the documents (including each draft or drawing request, if presentation of draft or drawing request is called for) delivered under such Letter of Credit in connection with such presentment are substantially in conformity with such Letter of Credit. 
 (h) Applications . To the extent that any provision of any Application related to any Letter of Credit is inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall apply. 
 (i) Applicability of ISP and UCP. Unless otherwise expressly agreed to by the relevant Issuing Bank and the relevant Borrower, when a Letter of Credit is issued (a) the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit and (b) the rules of the UCP shall apply to each commercial Letter of Credit. 
 2.27 Capital Corporation Guaranty . In order to induce the Banks to make Loans to JD Luxembourg, the Capital Corporation hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Banks and their respective successors, indorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and complete payment by JD Luxembourg when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Luxembourg Obligations. 

62 
 The Capital Corporation waives promptness, diligence, presentment to, demand of payment from and protest to JD Luxembourg of any Luxembourg Obligations, and also waives notice of acceptance of its obligations and notice of protest for nonpayment. The obligations of the Capital Corporation hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional and not be affected by (a) the failure of any Bank or the Administrative Agent to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against JD Luxembourg under the provisions of this Agreement or otherwise; (b) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement; (c) the failure of any Bank to exercise any right or remedy against JD Luxembourg; (d) the invalidity or unenforceability of this Agreement; or (e) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense available to or discharge of JD Luxembourg (other than payment). The Capital Corporation further agrees that its agreement hereunder constitutes a promise of payment when due and not of collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by any Bank to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of any Bank in favor of JD Luxembourg or any other Person. The obligations of the Capital Corporation hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason, and shall not be subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever, by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of the Luxembourg Obligations or otherwise. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the obligations of the Capital Corporation hereunder shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Bank to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy under this Agreement or any other agreement, by any waiver or modification in respect of any thereof, by any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of the Luxembourg Obligations, or by any other act or omission which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of the Capital Corporation or otherwise operate as a discharge of the Capital Corporation as a matter of law or equity. The Capital Corporation further agrees that its obligations hereunder shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of principal of or interest on any Luxembourg Obligation is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by the Administrative Agent or any Bank upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of JD Luxembourg or otherwise. In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right which the Administrative Agent or any Bank may have at law or in equity against the Capital Corporation by virtue hereof, upon the failure of JD Luxembourg to pay any Luxembourg Obligation when and as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, after notice of prepayment or otherwise, the Capital Corporation hereby promises to and will, upon receipt of written demand by the Administrative Agent, forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, in cash the amount of such unpaid Luxembourg Obligation. In the event that, by reason of the bankruptcy of JD Luxembourg, (i) acceleration of Loans made to JD Luxembourg is prevented and (ii) the Capital Corporation shall not have prepaid the outstanding Loans and other amounts due hereunder owed by JD Luxembourg, the Capital Corporation will forthwith purchase such Loans at a price equal to the principal amount thereof plus accrued interest thereon and any other amounts due hereunder with respect thereto. The Capital Corporation further agrees that if payment in respect of any Luxembourg Obligation shall be due in a currency other than Dollars and/or at a place of payment other than New York and if, by reason of any change in law, disruption of currency or foreign exchange markets, war or civil disturbance or similar event, payment of such Luxembourg Obligation in such currency or such place of payment shall be impossible or, in the reasonable judgment of any applicable Bank, not consistent with the protection of its rights or interests, then, at the election of any 

63 
 applicable Bank, the Capital Corporation shall make payment of such Luxembourg Obligation in Dollars (based upon the applicable Exchange Rate in effect on the date of payment) and/or in New York. Notwithstanding any payment made by the Capital Corporation hereunder or any set-off or application of funds of the Capital Corporation by the Administrative Agent or any Bank, the Capital Corporation shall not be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rights of the Administrative Agent or any Bank against JD Luxembourg or any guarantee or right of offset held by the Administrative Agent or any Bank for the payment of the Luxembourg Obligations, until all amounts owing to the Administrative Agent and the Banks by JD Luxembourg on account of the Luxembourg Obligations are paid in full in cash. If any amount shall be paid to the Capital Corporation on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all of the Luxembourg Obligations shall not have been paid in full in cash, such amount shall be held by the Capital Corporation in trust for the Administrative Agent and the Banks, segregated from its other funds, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by it, be turned over to the Administrative Agent in the exact form received by it (duly indorsed by it to the Administrative Agent, if required), to be applied against the Luxembourg Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in such order as the Administrative Agent may determine. SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Each Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and to each Bank that: 3.1 Financial Condition . The consolidated balance sheet of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of November 1, 2020 and the related consolidated statements of income and of cash flow for the fiscal year then ended (including the related schedules and notes) reported on by Deloitte Touche LLP, copies of which have heretofore been furnished to each Bank, fairly present the consolidated financial condition of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at such date, and the consolidated results of their operations and changes in financial position for the fiscal year then ended. All such financial statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applied consistently throughout the periods involved (except as approved by such accountants or Responsible Officer, as the case may be, and as disclosed therein). 
 3.2 Corporate Existence . Such Borrower is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the corporate power and authority to own its properties and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged. 
 3.3 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations . Such Borrower has the corporate power and authority and the legal right to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and to borrow hereunder and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize its borrowings on the terms and conditions of this Agreement and to authorize its execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. No consent or authorization of, filing with, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority, is required in connection with the borrowings hereunder or with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement other than any such consents, authorizations, filings or acts as have been obtained, taken or made and are in full force and effect. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Borrower, and this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Borrower enforceable against such Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equity principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 

64 
 3.4 No Legal Bar . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the issuance of the Letters of Credit, the borrowings hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof, will not violate any Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of such Borrower, and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any lien on any of its properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation. 
 3.5 No Material Litigation . No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of such Borrower, threatened by or against such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of its or their respective properties or revenues except actions, suits or proceedings which will not materially adversely affect the ability of such Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder. All of the defaults, if any, of such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any order of any Governmental Authority do not, and will not collectively, have a material adverse effect on the business, operations, property or financial condition of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
 3.6 Taxes . Each of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed all tax returns which, to the knowledge of such Borrower, are required to be filed (except where the failure to file such tax returns would not have a material adverse effect on the business, operations, property or financial condition of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole), and has paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns or on any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than assessments, taxes, fees and other charges the amount or validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of such Borrower or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be). 
 3.7 Margin Regulations . No part of the proceeds of any Loan hereunder will be used for any purpose which violates the provisions of Regulation U of the Board as now and from time to time hereafter in effect. 
 3.8 Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Loans will be used by such Borrower for its general corporate purposes, which shall include, but shall not be limited to, any purchase or other acquisition of all or a portion of the debt or stock or other evidences of ownership of such Borrower or the assets or stock or other evidences of ownership of any other Person or Persons. 
 3.9 Sanctions Laws and Regulations . None of the Borrowers or their respective Subsidiaries is a Designated Person, nor, to the best of each Borrower s knowledge, are any of its directors or officers or any directors or officers of its Subsidiaries. Each of the Borrowers and their employees is subject to a Code of Business Conduct (the Code of Conduct which is in full force and effect on the date hereof. Among the commitments in the Code of Conduct is the commitment that each of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, and their respective employees, comply with international trade, export control, and import laws in the sale of products including export controls. The Code of Conduct also applies to Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions Laws and Regulations. The Code of Conduct will apply to all activities undertaken by each Borrower and each of their Subsidiaries, including any use of the proceeds of this Agreement. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries will directly or to its knowledge indirectly use the proceeds of the Loans or the Letters of Credit in violation of any Sanctions Laws and Regulations or any Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 3.10 Beneficial Ownership Certification . As of the Closing Date, to the knowledge of such Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Closing Date to any Bank in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all material respects. 

65 
 SECTION 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 4.1 Conditions to Initial Extensions of Credit . The obligation of each Bank to make its initial Loan and of each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
 (a) Counterparts . The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof, executed by all of the parties hereto (which, subject to subsection 10.8, may include any Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page). 
 (b) Resolutions . The Administrative Agent shall have received, with a counterpart for each Bank, resolutions, certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each Borrower (or in the case of JD Luxembourg, a certificate of directors of JD Luxembourg), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, adopted by the Board of Directors of such Borrower authorizing the execution of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder and any borrowings hereunder from time to time. 
 (c) Legal Opinions . The Administrative Agent shall have received, with a counterpart for each Bank, an opinion of Mary K.W. Jones, Esq., or her successor as General Counsel of the Company, an associate general counsel of the Company, or any other legal counsel of the Company reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Banks, substantially in the form of Exhibit G, and an opinion of Kirkland Ellis LLP, special counsel to the Borrowers, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Banks, substantially in the form of Exhibit H. Such opinions shall also cover such other matters incident to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably require. 
 (d) Incumbency Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received, with a counterpart for each Bank, a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each Borrower (or in the case of JD Luxembourg, a certificate signed by two directors of JD Luxembourg) certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of such Borrower authorized to sign this Agreement, together with evidence of the incumbency of such Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or in the case of JD Luxembourg, of such directors). 
 (e) Termination of Existing Credit Agreements . The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to it that the commitment of each financial institution to make loans pursuant to (i) the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2020, among the Company, the Capital Corporation, JD Luxembourg, the lenders parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, (ii) the 2,500,000,000 2024 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2020, among the Company, the Capital Corporation, JD Luxembourg, the lenders parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent and (iii) the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2020 (the Existing Credit Agreement ), among the Company, the Capital Corporation, JD Luxembourg, the lenders parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, shall have been terminated in full and the outstanding principal amount of the indebtedness thereunder and all other amounts owing to any bank thereunder shall have been repaid or paid by the Borrowers . 

66 
 (f) No Material Adverse Change Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, with a counterpart for each Bank, a certificate of a Responsible Officer for each of the Company and the Capital Corporation dated the date of this Agreement certifying that since November 1, 2020, at the date of such certificate there has been no material adverse change in the business, property, operations or financial condition of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
 (g) Fees . The Administrative Agent shall have received, for the accounts of the Banks and the Administrative Agent, and each Agent shall have received, for the account of such Agent, all accrued fees and expenses owing hereunder or in connection herewith to the Banks and the Agents to be received on the Closing Date. 
 (h) Beneficial Ownership Certification . To the extent any Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least three days prior to the Closing Date, any Bank that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrowers at least 10 days prior to the Closing Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Bank of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this subsection 4.1(h) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 
 (i) Additional Matters . All other documents which the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 
 4.2 Conditions to All Extensions of Credit . The obligation of each Bank to make Loans and of each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit or increase the drawable amount thereof (which shall include the initial Loan to be made by it hereunder but shall not include any Loan made pursuant to subsection 2.20(e)(ii) or (iii) if, after the making of such Loan and the application of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Committed Rate Loans would not be increased) to be made by it hereunder on any Borrowing Date is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
 (a) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties made by the Borrowers herein or which are contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished by any Borrower at any time hereunder or in connection herewith (other than any representations and warranties which by the terms of such certificate, document or financial or other statement do not survive the execution of this Agreement) shall be correct on and as of the date of such Loan, the date of such issuance of such Letter of Credit or the date of increase in the drawable amount of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, as if made on and as of such date except as such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date. 
 (b) No Default or Event of Default . No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date or after giving effect to such Loan, the issuance of such Letter of Credit or the increase in the drawable amount of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, to be made on such date and the application of the proceeds thereof. 
 (c) Additional Conditions to Bid Loans . If such Loan is made pursuant to subsection 2.2, all conditions set forth in subsection 2.2(f) shall have been satisfied. 
 Each acceptance by any Borrower of a Loan, each issuance of a Letter of Credit and each increase in the drawable amount of any Letter of Credit for the account of a Borrower, shall constitute a representation and warranty by the relevant Borrower as of the date of such Loan, the date of issuance of 

67 
 such Letter of Credit or the date of increase in the drawable amount of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, that the applicable conditions in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of this subsection 4.2 have been satisfied. SECTION 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS Each of the Borrowers (except as otherwise specified) hereby agrees that, so long as there is any obligation by any Bank to make Loans to it hereunder, any obligation of an Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, any Loan of such Borrower remains outstanding and unpaid, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding or any other amount is owing by such Borrower to any Bank, any Issuing Bank or any Agent hereunder (unless the Majority Banks shall otherwise consent in writing): 5.1 Financial Statements . Such Borrower (other than, with respect to clause (b) below, JD Luxembourg) shall furnish to each Bank: 
 (a) as soon as available, but in any event within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of such Borrower, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related consolidated statements of income and of cash flow for such year, reported on by (i) in the case of the Company and the Capital Corporation, Deloitte Touche LLP or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing in the United States and (ii) in the case of JD Luxembourg, Deloitte Touche LLP or other independent certified public accountants of recognized standing in Luxembourg or the European Union; and 
 (b) as soon as available, but in any event not later than 60 days after the end of each of the first three quarterly periods of each fiscal year of such Borrower, the condensed unaudited consolidated balance sheet of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of each such quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statement of income of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such quarterly period and the portion of the fiscal year through such date, certified by a Responsible Officer of such Borrower (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments). 
 All such financial statements described in clause (a) or (b) above shall present fairly the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries and be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (or, in the case of any such financial statements furnished by JD Luxembourg, international financial reporting standards in effect from time to time as applicable to JD Luxembourg, or such other accounting standards required by any applicable Luxembourg Governmental Authority) applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein (except as approved by such accountants or officer, as the case may be, and disclosed therein). The Company and the Capital Corporation shall be deemed to have furnished such financial statements to each Bank when they are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and posted on its EDGAR system, and JD Luxembourg shall be deemed to have furnished such financial statements to each Bank when they are delivered to the Administrative Agent via electronic mail or other electronic transmission. 5.2 Certificates; Other Information . Such Borrower (other than, with respect to clause (a) below, JD Luxembourg) shall furnish to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall make available to each Bank: 

68 
 (a) within 10 days of the delivery of the financial statements referred to in subsections 5.1(a) and (b) above (or, if such financial statements are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and posted on its EDGAR system, within 10 days of the posting of such financial statements on the EDGAR system), a certificate of a Responsible Officer of such Borrower stating that (i) he has no knowledge of the occurrence and continuance of any Default or Event of Default except as specified in such certificate, in which case such certificate shall contain a description thereof and a statement of the steps, if any, which such Borrower is taking, or proposes to take, to cure the same and (ii) the financial statements delivered pursuant to subsection 5.1 would not be materially different if prepared in accordance with GAAP except as specified in such certificate; and 
 (b) promptly, such additional financial and other information as any Bank may from time to time reasonably request. 
 5.3 Company Indenture Documents . The Company shall, contemporaneously with the delivery thereof to the trustee, furnish to each Bank a copy of any information, document or report required to be filed with the trustee pursuant to subsection 7.03 of the Indenture dated as of September 25, 2008 between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee. The Company shall be deemed to have furnished such information, document or report to each Bank when it is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and posted on its EDGAR system. 
 5.4 Capital Corporation Indenture Documents . The Capital Corporation shall, contemporaneously with the delivery thereof to the trustee, furnish to each Bank a copy of any information, document or report required to be filed with the trustee pursuant to (i) Section 7.03 of the Indenture dated March 15, 1997, between the Capital Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York, successor trustee to The Chase Manhattan Bank), as trustee, as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture dated as of April 21, 2011, the second supplemental indenture dated as of April 17, 2014, and the third supplemental indenture dated as of April 7, 2017, and (ii) the Subordinated Indenture dated as of September 1, 2003, between the Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The Capital Corporation shall be deemed to have furnished such information, document or report to each Bank when it is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and posted on its EDGAR system. 
 5.5 Notice of Default . Such Borrower shall promptly give notice to the Administrative Agent of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, which notice shall be given in writing as soon as possible, and in any event within 10 days after a Responsible Officer of such Borrower obtains knowledge of such occurrence, with a description of the steps being taken to remedy the same (provided that such Borrower shall not be obligated to give notice of any Default or Event of Default which is remedied prior to or within 10 days after a Responsible Officer of such Borrower first acquires such knowledge). Upon receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. 
 5.6 Ownership of Capital Corporation and JD Luxembourg Stock . The Company shall continue to own, directly or through one or more wholly-owned Subsidiaries, free and clear of any lien or other encumbrance, 51 of the voting stock of (i) the Capital Corporation and (ii) JD Luxembourg for so long as JD Luxembourg is a Borrower hereunder; provided , however, that the Capital Corporation may merge or consolidate with, or sell or convey substantially all of its assets to, the Company as provided in subsection 7.4. 
 5.7 Employee Benefit Plans . The Company shall maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, each Plan as to which it may have liability, in compliance with all applicable requirements of law and regulations. 

69 
 5.8 Compliance . Each of the Borrowers shall comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, in all material respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, noncompliance with which would reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect (i) the financial condition or operations of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) the ability of such Borrower to perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
 SECTION 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY The Company hereby agrees that, so long as there is any obligation by any Bank to make Loans hereunder, any obligation of an Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, any Loan remains outstanding and unpaid, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding or any other amount is owing to any Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Bank hereunder, it shall not, nor in the case of subsections 6.2 and 6.3 shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to (unless the Majority Banks shall otherwise consent in writing): 6.1 Company May Consolidate, etc., Only on Certain Terms . Consolidate with or merge with or into any other corporation or convey or transfer its properties and assets, including pursuant to a Division, substantially as an entirety to any Person, unless: 
 (a) either the Company shall be the continuing corporation, or the corporation (if other than the Company) formed by such consolidation or into which the Company is merged or the Person which acquires by conveyance, Division or transfer the properties and assets of the Company substantially as an entirety shall expressly assume, by an assumption agreement, executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent, in form satisfactory to the Majority Banks, the due and punctual payment of the principal of and interest on the Loans to the Company and the performance of every covenant of this Agreement on the part of the Company to be performed or observed; 
 (b) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default, shall have happened and be continuing; 
 (c) if as a result thereof any property or assets of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary would become subject to any Mortgage not permitted by (i) through (xii) of subsection 6.2(a) or subsection 6.2(b), compliance shall be effected with the first clause of subsection 6.2(a); and 
 (d) the Company and the successor Person have delivered to the Administrative Agent an officers certificate signed by two Responsible Officers of the Company stating that such consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer and such assumption agreement comply with this subsection 6.1 and that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction have been complied with. 
 6.2 Limitation on Liens . (a) Issue, incur, assume or guarantee any debt (hereinafter in this subsection referred to as Debt secured by any mortgage, security interest, pledge, lien or other encumbrance (hereinafter called Mortgage or Mortgages upon any Important Property, or upon any shares of stock or indebtedness issued or incurred by any Restricted Subsidiary (whether such Important Property, shares of stock or indebtedness is now owned or hereafter acquired) without in any such case effectively providing, concurrently with the issuance, incurrence, assumption or guaranty of any such Debt, that the Loans and all other amounts hereunder (together with, if the Company shall so determine, any other indebtedness of or guaranty by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary ranking equally with the Loans then existing or thereafter created) shall be secured equally and ratably with or prior to such Debt; provided, however, that the foregoing restrictions shall not apply to: 

70 
 (i) Mortgages on any property acquired, constructed or improved by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary after the date of this Agreement which are created or assumed contemporaneously with, or within 120 days after, such acquisition, construction or improvement to secure or provide for the payment of all or any part of the purchase price of such property or the cost of such construction or improvement incurred after the date of this Agreement, or (in addition to Mortgages contemplated by clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) below) Mortgages on any property existing at the time of acquisition thereof; provided that such Mortgages shall not apply to any Important Property theretofore owned by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary other than, in the case of any such construction or improvement, any theretofore unimproved real property on which the property so constructed, or the improvement, is located; 
 (ii) Mortgages on any property, shares of stock, or indebtedness existing at the time of acquisition thereof from a corporation which is consolidated with or merged into, or substantially all of the assets of which are acquired by, the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (iii) Mortgages on property of a corporation existing at the time such corporation becomes a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (iv) Mortgages to secure Debt of a Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or to another Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (v) Mortgages in favor of the United States of America or any State thereof, or any department, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States of America or any State thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of constructing or improving the property subject to such Mortgages and Mortgages given to secure indebtedness incurred in connection with the financing of construction of pollution control facilities, the interest on which indebtedness is exempt from income taxes under the Code; 
 (vi) any deposit or pledge of assets (1) with any surety company or clerk of any court, or in escrow, as collateral in connection with, or in lieu of, any bond on appeal from any judgment or decree against the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, or in connection with other proceedings or actions at law or in equity by or against the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, or (2) as security for the performance of any contract or undertaking not directly related to the borrowing of money or the securing of indebtedness, if made in the ordinary course of business, or (3) with any governmental agency, which deposit or pledge is required or permitted to qualify the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary to conduct business, to maintain self-insurance, or to obtain the benefits of any law pertaining to worker s compensation, unemployment insurance, old age pensions, social security, or similar matters, or (4) made in the ordinary course of business to obtain the release of mechanics , workmen s, repairmen s, warehousemen s or similar liens, or the release of property in the possession of a common carrier; 
 (vii) Mortgages existing on property acquired by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary through the exercise of rights arising out of defaults on receivables acquired in the ordinary course of business; 
 (viii) judgment liens, so long as the finality of such judgment is being contested in good faith and execution thereon is stayed; 
 (ix) Mortgages for the sole purpose of extending, renewing or replacing in whole or in part Debt secured by any Mortgage referred to in the foregoing clauses (i) to (viii), inclusive, 

71 
 or in this clause (ix), provided , however , that the principal amount of Debt secured thereby shall not exceed the principal amount of Debt so secured at the time of such extension, renewal or replacement, and that such extension, renewal or replacement shall be limited to all or a part of the property which secured the Mortgage so extended, renewed or replaced (plus improvements on such property); 
 (x) liens for taxes or assessments or governmental charges or levies not yet due or delinquent, or which can thereafter be paid without penalty, or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; landlord s liens on property held under lease; and any other liens of a nature similar to those hereinabove described in this clause (x) which do not, in the opinion of the Company, materially impair the use of such property in the operation of the business of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or the value of such property for the purposes of such business; 
 (xi) Mortgages on Margin Stock owned by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent such Margin Stock so mortgaged exceeds 25 of the fair market value of the sum of the Important Property of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries plus the shares of stock (including Margin Stock) and indebtedness issued or incurred by the Restricted Subsidiaries; and 
 (xii) Mortgages on any Important Property of, or any shares of stock or indebtedness issued or incurred by, any Restricted Subsidiary organized under the laws of Canada. 
 (b) (i) The provisions of subsection 6.2(a) shall not apply to the issuance, incurrence, assumption or guarantee by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of Debt secured by a Mortgage which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions up to an aggregate amount which, together with the sum of (A) all other Debt issued or incurred by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries secured by Mortgages (other than Mortgages permitted by subsection 6.2(a)) which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions and (B) the Attributable Debt in respect of Sale and Lease-back Transactions in existence at such time (other than Sale and Lease-back Transactions which, if the Attributable Debt in respect of such Sale and Lease-back Transaction had been a Mortgage, would have been permitted by clause (i) of subsection 6.2(a) and other than Sale and Lease-back Transactions the proceeds of which have been applied in accordance with subsection 6.3(b)) does not at the time exceed 5 of Consolidated Net Worth. 
 (ii) For purposes of this Agreement, the term Consolidated Net Worth shall mean the aggregate of capital and surplus of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries, less minority interests in Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with GAAP; and the term Attributable Debt shall mean, as of any particular time, the present value, discounted at a rate per annum equal to the interest rate set forth in the Company s 8-1/2 Debentures Due 2022, compounded semi-annually, of the obligation of a lessee for rental payments during the remaining term of any lease (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended); the net amount of rent required to be paid for any such period shall be the total amount of the rent payable by the lessee with respect to such period, but may exclude amounts required to be paid on account of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates and similar charges; and, in the case of any lease which is terminable by the lessee upon the payment of a penalty, such net amount shall also include the amount of such penalty, but no rent shall be considered as required to be paid under such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be so terminated. 
 (c) If, upon any consolidation or merger of any Restricted Subsidiary with or into any other corporation, or upon any consolidation or merger of any other corporation with or into the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or upon any sale or conveyance of the property of any Restricted Subsidiary as an entirety or substantially as an entirety to any other Person, or upon any acquisition by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary by purchase or otherwise of all or any part of the property of any other 

72 
 Person, any Important Property theretofore owned by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would thereupon become subject to any Mortgage not permitted by the terms of subsection (a) or (b) of this subsection 6.2, the Company, prior to such consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance, or acquisition, will, or will cause such Restricted Subsidiary to, secure payment of the principal of and interest on the Loans (equally and ratably with or prior to any other indebtedness of the Company or such Subsidiary then entitled thereto) by a direct lien on all such property prior to all liens other than any liens theretofore existing thereon by an assumption agreement or otherwise. 
 (d) If at any time the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary shall issue, incur, assume or guarantee any Debt secured by any Mortgage not permitted by this subsection 6.2, to which the covenant in subsection 6.2(a) is applicable, the Company will promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent (with counterparts for each Bank): 
 (i) an officers certificate signed by two Responsible Officers of the Company stating that the covenant of the Company contained in paragraph (a) or (c) of this subsection 6.2 has been complied with; and 
 (ii) an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to the effect that such covenant has been complied with, and that any instruments executed by the Company in the performance of such covenant comply with the requirements of such covenant. 
 6.3 Limitations on Sale and Lease-back Transactions . Enter into any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of any Important Property owned or hereafter acquired by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary (except for temporary leases for a term, including any renewal thereof, of not more than three years and except for leases between the Company and a Restricted Subsidiary or between Restricted Subsidiaries), which Important Property has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary to such Person (herein referred to as a Sale and Lease-back Transaction unless the net proceeds of such sale are at least equal to the fair value (as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable) of such property and either (a) the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would be entitled, pursuant to the provisions of (1) subsection 6.2(a)(i) or (2) subsection 6.2(b), to incur Debt secured by a Mortgage on the Important Property to be leased without equally and ratably securing the Loans, or (b) the Company shall, and in any such case the Company covenants that it will, within 120 days of the effective date of any such arrangement, apply an amount equal to the fair value (as so determined) of such property to the reduction of the Commitments (to be accompanied by prepayment of the Loans in accordance with subsection 2.6 to the extent that the principal amount thereof outstanding prior to such prepayment would exceed the Commitments as so reduced) or to the payment or other retirement of funded debt for money borrowed, incurred or assumed by the Company which ranks senior to or pari passu with the Loans or of funded debt for money borrowed, incurred or assumed by any Restricted Subsidiary (other than, in either case, funded debt owned by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary). For this purpose, funded debt means any Debt which by its terms matures at or is extendable or renewable at the sole option of the obligor without requiring the consent of the obligee to a date more than twelve months after the date of the creation of such Debt. 
 6.4 Equipment Operations Debt . Permit Equipment Operations Debt as at the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of any fiscal year of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries) to exceed 65 of the sum, at the end of each such fiscal quarter, of (i) Equipment Operations Debt plus (ii) Total Stockholders Equity. 

73 
 SECTION 7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF THE CAPITAL CORPORATION The Capital Corporation hereby agrees that, so long as there is any obligation by any Bank to make Loans to the Capital Corporation hereunder, any obligation of any Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, any Loan of the Capital Corporation remains outstanding and unpaid, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding or any other amount is owing by the Capital Corporation to any Bank, any Issuing Bank or any Agent hereunder, the Capital Corporation shall not, nor in the case of the agreements set forth in subsection 7.3 shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly (unless the Majority Banks shall otherwise consent in writing): 7.1 Fixed Charges Ratio . Permit the ratio of Net Earnings Available for Fixed Charges to Fixed Charges for any fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of any fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) to be less than 1.05 to 1. 
 7.2 Consolidated Senior Debt to Consolidated Capital Base . Permit the ratio of Consolidated Senior Debt to Consolidated Capital Base as at the end of any fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the end of any fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) to be more than 11 to 1. 
 7.3 Limitation on Liens . Issue, incur, assume or guarantee any Debt secured by any Mortgage upon any of its property or assets, or any of the property or assets of any of its Subsidiaries (whether any such property or assets is now owned or hereafter acquired) without in any such case effectively providing, concurrently with the issuance, incurrence, assumption or guaranty of any such Debt, that the Loans and all other amounts hereunder (together with, if the Capital Corporation shall so determine, any other indebtedness of or guaranty by such Borrower or such Subsidiary ranking equally with the Loans then existing or thereafter created) shall be secured equally and ratably with or prior to such Debt; provided, however, that the foregoing restrictions shall not apply to: 
 (a) Mortgages on fixed assets or other physical properties hereafter acquired to secure all or part of the purchase price thereof or the acquiring hereafter of such assets or properties subject to any existing lien or charge securing indebtedness (whether or not assumed); 
 (b) easements, liens, franchises or other minor encumbrances on or over any real property which do not materially detract from the value of such property or its use in the business of the Capital Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation; 
 (c) any deposit or pledge of assets (i) with any surety company or clerk of any court, or in escrow, as collateral in connection with or in lieu of, any bond on appeal from any judgment or decree against the Capital Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation, or in connection with other proceedings or actions at law or in equity by or against the Capital Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation or (ii) as security for the performance of any contract or undertaking not directly or indirectly related to the borrowing of money or the securing of indebtedness, if made in the ordinary course of business, or (iii) with any governmental agency, which deposit or pledge is required or permitted to qualify the Capital Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation to conduct business, to maintain self-insurance, or to obtain the benefits of any law pertaining to workmen s compensation, unemployment insurance, old age pensions, social security, or similar matters, or (iv) made in the ordinary course of business to obtain the release of mechanics , workmen s, repairmen s, warehousemen s or similar liens, or the release of property in the possession of a common carrier; 

74 
 (d) Mortgages by a Subsidiary as security for indebtedness owed to the Capital Corporation or to any other Subsidiary; 
 (e) liens for taxes and governmental charges not yet due or contested by appropriate proceedings in good faith; 
 (f) Mortgages existing on property acquired by the Capital Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation through the exercise of rights arising out of defaults on receivables acquired in the ordinary course of business; 
 (g) judgment liens, so long as the finality of such judgment is being contested in good faith and execution thereon is stayed; 
 (h) any Mortgage (other than directly or indirectly to secure borrowed money) if, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal sums secured by pledges or liens otherwise within the restrictions in clauses (a) through (h) of this subsection 7.3 do not exceed 500,000; 
 (i) any Mortgage securing Securitization Indebtedness; 
 (j) Mortgages on Margin Stock owned by the Capital Corporation and its Subsidiaries to the extent such Margin Stock exceeds 25 of the fair market value of property and assets of the Capital Corporation and its Subsidiaries (including Margin Stock); 
 (k) cash collateral provided to any counterparty of the Capital Corporation or to any Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation in connection with any Hedging Transaction; and 
 (l) Mortgages on the assets of Capital Corporation in connection with (i) extensions of credit by a unit of a Governmental Authority through a discount window or similar facility or arrangement and (ii) borrowings from loan or subsidy programs operated by or on behalf of a Governmental Authority when the provision of such Mortgage is required by such loan or subsidy program. 7.4 Consolidation; Merger . Merge or consolidate with or sell or convey (including pursuant to a Division and other than a conveyance by way of lease) all or substantially all of its assets to, any other corporation, unless (a) the Capital Corporation shall be the surviving corporation in the case of a merger or the Division Successor in the case of a Division, or the surviving, resulting or transferee corporation or Division Successor (the successor corporation shall be a corporation organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof or the District of Columbia and shall expressly assume the due and punctual performance of all of the agreements, covenants and obligations of the Capital Corporation under this Agreement by supplemental agreement satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent by the successor corporation and (b) the Capital Corporation or such successor corporation, as the case may be, shall not, immediately after such merger, consolidation, Division, sale or conveyance, be in default in the performance of any such agreements, covenants or obligations; provided, however, that the Capital Corporation may merge or consolidate with, or sell or convey substantially all of its assets to, the Company, if (i) the Company is the successor corporation (as defined above) and (ii) subclause (b) above is complied with; provided further that no Division of Capital Corporation shall be permitted unless there is a Division Successor. Upon any such merger, consolidation, sale, Division or conveyance, the successor corporation shall succeed to and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of and shall be subject to all the obligations of, the Capital Corporation under this Agreement, with the same effect as if the successor corporation had been named as the Capital Corporation herein and therein. 

75 
 SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any of the following events: (a) A Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation when due in accordance with the terms hereof or to pay any interest on any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation, in each case within two Business Days after any such amount becomes due in accordance with the terms hereof or shall fail to pay any other amount payable hereunder within five Business Days after any such other amount becomes due in accordance with the terms thereof or hereof; or 
 (b) Any representation or warranty made or pursuant to subsection 4.2 deemed made by a Borrower herein or which is contained in any material certificate, material document or material financial statement or other material statement furnished at any time under or in connection with this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made; or 
 (c) The Company shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in subsection 5.6, 6.1 or 6.4, or the Capital Corporation shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in subsections 7.1, 7.2 or 7.4; or 
 (d) A Borrower shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those agreements referred to above in this Section 8), and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof shall have been given to such Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any of the Banks through the Administrative Agent; or 
 (e) (i) A Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall default in any payment of principal of or interest on any indebtedness for borrowed money (other than the Loans and any Securitization Indebtedness) in a principal amount in excess of 175,000,000 in the aggregate, or any interest or premium thereon, when due (whether at scheduled maturity or by required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) and such failure shall continue beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such indebtedness was created; or (ii) any other default (other than any default arising solely out of a Borrower s, or any of its Significant Subsidiaries , violation of any arrangement with any Bank, or any affiliate of any Bank, in any way restricting such Borrower s, or such Significant Subsidiary s, right or ability to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of Margin Stock other than Restricted Margin Stock), or any other event that with notice or the lapse of time, or both, would constitute such a default, under any agreement or instrument relating to any such indebtedness for borrowed money (other than the Loans), shall occur and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such default or event is to accelerate the maturity of such indebtedness; or (iii) any such indebtedness for borrowed money shall, by reason of default, be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid, prior to the stated maturity thereof (unless such indebtedness is declared due and payable, or required to be prepaid, solely by reason of any Borrower s, or any of its Significant Subsidiaries , violation of any arrangement with any Bank, or any affiliate of any Bank, in any way restricting such Borrower s, or such Significant Subsidiary s, right or ability to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of Margin Stock other than Restricted Margin Stock); provided that, no Event of Default under this subsection 8(e) shall occur or be continuing if such failure, default or breach has been waived by the holder(s) or trustee or agent on behalf of such holder(s) of such indebtedness unless payment of such indebtedness has been accelerated and such acceleration has not been waived; or 

76 
 (f) (i) A Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall commence any case, proceeding or other action (A) under any existing or future law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or its debts, or (B) seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial part of its assets, or such Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (ii) there shall be commenced against a Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in clause (i) above which (A) results in the entry of an order for relief or any such adjudication or appointment or (B) remains undismissed, undischarged or unbonded for a period of 90 days; or 
 (g) Any action is undertaken to terminate any Plan as to which a Borrower, or any Subsidiary of a Borrower, may have liability, or any such Plan is terminated or such Borrower or Subsidiary withdraws from such Plan, or any Reportable Event as to any such Plan shall occur, and there shall exist a deficiency in the assets available to satisfy the benefits guaranteeable under ERISA with respect to such Plan, in the aggregate for all such Plans with respect to which any of the foregoing shall have occurred in the immediately preceding 12 consecutive months, of more than 25 of the Consolidated Net Worth of such Borrower and in the reasonable judgment of the Required Banks, such occurrence is reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, operations or financial condition of the Borrowers; or 
 (h) Any Person shall own beneficially, directly or indirectly, 30 or more of the common stock of the Company; or any Person shall have the power, direct or indirect, to vote securities having 30 or more of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors of the Company or shall own beneficially, directly or indirectly, securities having such power, provided that there shall not be included among the securities as to which any such Person has such power to vote or which such Person so owns securities owned by such Person as nominee for the direct or indirect beneficial owner thereof or securities as to which such power to vote arises by virtue of proxies solicited by the management of the Company; or 
 (i) So long as any Luxembourg Obligations remain outstanding or JD Luxembourg is a party to this Agreement, the guaranty in subsection 2.27 shall cease, for any reason, to be in full force and effect or any Borrower shall so assert; 
 then, and in any such event, (A) if such event is an Event of Default specified in paragraph (f) above, automatically the Commitments shall immediately terminate and the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement (including all amounts of L/C Obligations, whether or not the beneficiaries of the then outstanding Letters of Credit shall have presented the documents required thereunder) and the Loans shall immediately become due and payable, and (B)(1) if such event is an Event of Default specified in paragraph (a) or (e), then with the consent of the Majority Banks, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Majority Banks, the Administrative Agent shall, or (2) if such event is an Event of Default specified in paragraph (b), (c), (d), (g) or (h), then with the consent of the Required Banks, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Banks, the Administrative Agent shall, take either or both of the following actions: (i) by notice to the Borrowers, declare the Commitments to be terminated forthwith, whereupon the Commitments shall immediately terminate; and (ii) by notice of default to the Borrowers, declare the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement (including all amounts of L/C Obligations, whether or not the beneficiaries of the then outstanding Letters of Credit shall have presented the documents required thereunder) to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable. With respect to all Letters of Credit with respect to which 

77 
 presentment for honor shall not have occurred at the time of an acceleration pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrowers shall at such time deposit in a cash collateral account opened by the Administrative Agent an amount equal to the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of such Letters of Credit. Amounts held in such cash collateral account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to the payment of drafts drawn under such Letters of Credit, and the unused portion thereof after all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, if any, shall be applied to repay other obligations of the Borrowers hereunder. After all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, all Reimbursement Obligations shall have been satisfied and all other obligations of the Borrowers hereunder shall have been paid in full, the balance, if any, in such cash collateral account shall be returned to the Borrowers (or such other Person as may be lawfully entitled thereto). Except as expressly provided above in this Section, presentment, demand, protest and all other notices of any kind are hereby expressly waived with respect to this Agreement by the Borrowers. SECTION 9. THE AGENTS 9.1 Appointment . (a) Each Bank hereby irrevocably designates and appoints JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as the Administrative Agent of such Bank under this Agreement, and each Bank hereby irrevocably authorizes JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as the Administrative Agent for such Bank, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of this Agreement, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the parties hereto hereby agree that neither the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, Lead Arrangers nor Bookrunners on the cover of this Agreement shall have any rights, duties, responsibilities or liabilities in such respective capacity under this Agreement nor shall any such Person have the authority to take any action hereunder in its capacity as such. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, no Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Bank, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or otherwise exist against any Agent. 
 (d) Each of the Banks hereby exempts the Administrative Agent and Foreign Currency Agent from the restrictions pursuant to section 181 Civil Code B rgerliches Gesetzbuch and similar restrictions applicable to it pursuant to any other applicable law, in each case to the extent legally possible to such Bank. A Bank which cannot grant such exemption shall notify the Administrative Agent and Foreign Currency Agent accordingly and, upon request of the Administrative Agent or Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, either act in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and/or any other Loan Document as required pursuant to this Agreement and/or such other Loan Document or grant a special power of attorney to a party acting on its behalf, in a manner that is not prohibited pursuant to section 181 of the German Civil Code B rgerliches Gesetzbuch and/or any other applicable laws. 
 9.2 Delegation of Duties . Each Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement by or through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. Each Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care. 
 9.3 Exculpatory Provisions . Neither any Agent nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates shall be (i) liable to any Bank for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or such Person under or in connection with this Agreement 

78 
 (except for its or such Person s own gross negligence or willful misconduct as finally determined by a non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction), or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Banks for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by the Borrowers or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by any Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or for any failure of the Borrowers to perform their obligations hereunder. No Agent shall be under any obligation to any Bank to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement, or to inspect the properties, books or records of the Borrowers. 9.4 Reliance by Agents . (a) Each Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any Loan, writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, cablegram, telegram, facsimile, telex or teletype message, statement, order or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including, without limitation, counsel to the Borrowers), independent accountants and other experts selected by such Agent. Each Agent may deem and treat the payee of any Loan as the owner thereof for all purposes except as provided in subsections 10.5(c) and 10.5(d). Each Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any discretionary action under this Agreement unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Majority Banks as it deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Banks against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Each Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement in accordance with a request of the Majority Banks, the Required Banks or all of the Banks (if the consent of the Majority Banks, the Required Banks or all of the Banks, respectively, is required), and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Banks. 
 (a) (b) (i) Each Bank and each Issuing Bank hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, from the Administrative Agent or any of its affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable (whether or not known to such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect , and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, shall not assert, and hereby waives any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, under this subsection 9.4(b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(ii) Each Bank and each Issuing Bank hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a 

79 
 different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Bank and each Issuing Bank agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. (iii) The Borrowers hereby agree that (x) in the event that the return of an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) made with funds of the Administrative Agent or an affiliate thereof has been demanded by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this subsection 9.4(b) and has not been recovered from any Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Bank or Issuing Bank, as applicable, with respect to such amount unless and until such amounts are recovered by the Administrative Agent and (y) an erroneous Payment made by the Administrative Agent or an affiliate thereof shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Loans, Reimbursement Obligations or L/C Obligations owed by the Borrowers. (iv) Each Bank s and each Issuing Bank s obligations under this subsection 9.4(b) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Bank or an Issuing Bank, the termination of the Commitments, the payment in full of all amounts payable hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. 9.5 Notice of Default . The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from a Bank or either Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Banks. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Majority Banks, the Required Banks or all Banks, as applicable; provided that, unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received such directions, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the Banks. 
 9.6 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Banks . Each Bank expressly acknowledges that neither any Agent nor any of its respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by such Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of the Borrowers, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by such Agent to any Bank. Each Bank represents to each Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon such Agent or any other Bank, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of each Borrower and made its own decision to make its Loans hereunder and enter into this Agreement. Each Bank also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon each Agent or any other Bank, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, 

80 
 appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrowers. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Banks by any Agent hereunder, such Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Bank with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of a Borrower which may come into the possession of such Agent or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates. 9.7 Indemnification . (a) The Banks agree to indemnify each Agent in its capacity as such (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrowers and without limiting the obligation of the Borrowers to do so), ratably (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever which may at any time (including without limitation at any time following the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement, or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or the transactions contemplated hereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that no Bank shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this subsection 9.7 shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 (b) Each Bank shall indemnify the Administrative Agent for the full amount of any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, deductions, withholdings or similar charges imposed by any Governmental Authority that are attributable to such Bank and that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent, together with all interest, penalties, reasonable costs and expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Bank by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 9.8 Agents in their Individual Capacities . Each Agent and its respective affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrowers as though such Agent were not an Agent hereunder. With respect to its Loans made by it and with respect to any Letter of Credit issued or participated in by it, each Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any Bank and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and the terms Bank and Banks shall include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity. 
 9.9 Successor Agents . Each Agent may resign as Agent upon 30 days notice thereof to the Borrowers and the Banks. If the Administrative Agent shall resign as Administrative Agent under this Agreement, then the Majority Banks shall appoint from among the Banks a successor administrative agent for the Banks which successor administrative agent shall be approved by the Borrowers, whereupon such successor administrative agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the Administrative Agent and the term Administrative Agent shall mean such successor administrative agent effective upon its appointment, and the former Administrative Agent s rights, powers and duties as Administrative Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Administrative Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement. Upon any resignation by the Foreign Currency Agent, (i) the Foreign Currency Agent may appoint one of its affiliates acting through an office in the European Union as a successor Foreign Currency Agent and (ii) if the Foreign Currency Agent has not appointed one of its affiliates acting through an office in the European Union as a successor Foreign Currency Agent pursuant to clause (i) above, then the Majority Banks shall appoint from among the Banks a successor foreign currency agent for the Banks which successor foreign currency agent shall be 

81 
 approved by the Borrowers, whereupon in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), such successor foreign currency agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the Foreign Currency Agent and the term Foreign Currency Agent shall mean such successor foreign currency agent effective upon its appointment, and the former Foreign Currency Agent s rights, powers and duties as Foreign Currency Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Foreign Currency Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement. After any retiring Agent s resignation hereunder as Agent, the provisions of this Section 9 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement. SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS 10.1 Amendments and Waivers . Subject to subsection 2.11(b), (c) and (d) and subsection 10.1(c) below, with the written consent of the Majority Banks, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers may, from time to time, enter into written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or changing in any manner the rights of the Banks or of the Borrowers hereunder, and with the consent of the Majority Banks the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Banks may execute and deliver to the Borrowers a written instrument waiving, on such terms and conditions as the Administrative Agent may specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences; provided , however, that no such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification shall (a) extend the maturity of any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest thereon, or reduce the principal amount thereof, or reduce the rate of any fee payable hereunder or extend the time of payment thereof, in each case, without the written consent of (i) with respect to any such change to any Committed Rate Loan, each Bank directly affected thereby and (ii) with respect to any such change to any Bid Loan, the Bank which made such Bid Loan, or (b) change the amount of any Bank s Commitment or the terms of its obligation to make Loans hereunder (other than in accordance with subsection 2.20), or amend, modify or waive the pro rata treatment and payment provisions of subsection 2.12(b), or amend, modify or waive any provision of this subsection 10.1 or reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Majority Banks or Required Banks, or consent to the assignment or transfer by either Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, in each case without the written consent of each Bank, or (c) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 9 without the written consent of the then Administrative Agent and, if applicable, any other Agent affected by such amendment, modification or waiver, or (d) extend the Termination Date with respect to any Bank without the written consent of such Bank; provided , further , however, that no such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification shall waive, amend, supplement or otherwise modify subsections 2.16 without the written consent of the Required Banks, or (e) amend, modify or waive any provision of subsections 2.23 and 2.26 (and related defined terms), or any other provision which affects the rights or duties of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement, without the written consent of each Issuing Bank, or (f) so long as any Luxembourg Obligations remain outstanding or JD Luxembourg is a party to this Agreement, release Capital Corporation from its guarantee obligations under subsection 2.27 without the written consent of each Bank; and provided , further , that notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may act pursuant to subsection 2.11(b) to establish, in conjunction with the Borrowers, an alternate rate of interest. Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the Banks and shall be binding upon the Borrowers, the Banks and the Agents. In the case of any waiver, the Borrowers, the Banks and the Agents shall be restored to their former position and rights hereunder, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default, or impair any right consequent thereon. Anything contained in the foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank with respect to a Negotiated Rate Loan may, from time to time, enter into amendments, supplements or modifications for the purpose of adding any provisions to such Negotiated Rate Loans or changing in any manner the rights of such Bank and 

82 
 such Borrower thereunder and such Bank may waive any of the requirements of such Negotiated Rate Loan; provided , however, that such Borrower and such Bank shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any extension of the maturity of such Negotiated Rate Loan or reduction of the principal amount thereof; provided, further, that such Borrower and such Bank shall not extend the maturity of such Negotiated Rate Loan beyond the last day of the Commitment Period. 10.2 Notices . All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing, by facsimile transmission, by telephone confirmed in writing and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered by hand, or when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, or, in the case of facsimile transmission, when received, addressed as follows in the case of the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, or to such address or other address as may be hereafter notified by the respective parties hereto: 
 The Borrowers: The Company: Deere Company Attention: Treasurer One John Deere Place Moline, Illinois 61265 Telephone: 309-765-9259 Facsimile: 309-765-0559 The Capital Corporation: John Deere Capital Corporation Attention: Manager 1 East First Street Suite 600 Reno, Nevada 89501 Telephone: 775-786-5527 Facsimile: 775-786-4145 JD Luxembourg: John Deere Bank S.A. 43, avenue John F. Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Facsimile: + 352 26 29 90 200 with a copy to: Deere Company Attention: Treasurer One John Deere Place Moline, Illinois 61265 Telephone: 309-765-9259 Facsimile: 309-765-0559 

83 
 The Administrative Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Attention: Loan Agency Services Group 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Telephone: 302-634-9770 Facsimile: 302-634-4733 Email: harmeet.kaur@chase.com with a copy to: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Attention: Sean D. Bodkin 8181 Communications Pkwy Bldg B, Floor 06 Plano, Texas 75024-0239 Telephone: 972-324-1749 Email: sean.bodkin@chase.com Issuing Bank: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Standby Letter of Credit Department 10420 Highland Manor Drive, Floor 4 Tampa, FL 33610 Attention: Letter of Credit Department Facsimile: (856) 294-5267 with a copy to: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Attention: Sean D. Bodkin 8181 Communications Pkwy Bldg B, Floor 06 Plano, Texas 75024-0239 Telephone: 972-324-1749 Email: sean.bodkin@chase.com The Foreign Currency Agent: J.P. Morgan AG 25 Bank Street London E14 5JP United Kingdom Telephone: +44 203 4930699 and +44 207 7421911 Email: loan_and_agency_london@jpmorgan.com To any other Bank: To it at its address (or facsimile number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire 
 provided that any notice, request or demand to or upon the Administrative Agent or the Banks pursuant to subsections 2.1, 2.2, 2.5, 2.6, 2.9, 2.11, 2.20 and 9.9 shall not be effective until received (including receipt by telephone if permitted hereby). 

84 
 10.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies . No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of either Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Bank, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 
 10.4 Payment of Expenses . (a) The Company agrees (i) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent for all its out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement or modification to, this Agreement and any other documents prepared in connection herewith, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby in such manner and in such amounts as shall be agreed to in writing by the Company and the Administrative Agent, (ii) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent for the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent incurred in connection with the preparation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement, modification to, this Agreement and other documents prepared in connection herewith, and the consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby and thereby, and (iii) to pay or reimburse each Bank and each Agent for all its out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement or preservation of any rights under this Agreement and any such other documents, including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel to each Agent and one counsel representing the Banks; provided , however , that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to reimburse, indemnify or otherwise make any payment pursuant to this subsection 10.4 with respect to any registration duty payable in Luxembourg upon registration of this Agreement in Luxembourg except for any Luxembourg tax payable due to a registration of the Agreement when such registration is required to maintain, preserve, establish or enforce any rights of any Agent or Bank. 
 (b) The Company and the Capital Corporation agree jointly and severally to indemnify and hold harmless each Agent, each Bank and each Issuing Bank and each director, officer, partner, employee, affiliate and agent thereof (each, an Indemnified Person against, and to reimburse each Indemnified Person, upon its demand, for, any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or other expenses Losses to which such Indemnified Person may become subject insofar as such Losses arise out of or in any way relate to or result from this Agreement or the extensions of credit made hereunder (including the responsibilities, duties and obligations of the Banks hereunder and their agreement to make Loans or issue Letters of Credit hereunder), including, without limitation, Losses consisting of legal or other expenses incurred in connection with investigating, defending or participating in any legal proceeding relating to the foregoing (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto); provided , that the foregoing will not apply to any Losses to the extent they result from (i) the negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person as finally determined by a non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) any dispute solely among Indemnified Persons (other than any claims against an Indemnified Person in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as an Agent or Issuing Bank under this Agreement) and which does not arise out of or relate to an act or omission of the Company or any of its affiliates. This indemnity agreement shall be in addition to any liability which either Borrower may otherwise have and shall be subject to the following paragraph. 
 (c) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person under subsection 10.4(b) of written notice of any loss, claim, damage or liability in respect of which indemnity may be sought by it hereunder, such Indemnified Person will, if a claim is to be made against the Borrowers, notify the Borrowers thereof in writing; but the omission so to notify the Borrowers will not relieve the Borrowers from any liability (otherwise than under this subsection 10.4) which they may have to any Indemnified Person except as may be required or provided otherwise than under this subsection 10.4. Thereafter, the 

85 
 Indemnified Person and the Borrowers shall consult, to the extent appropriate, with a view to minimizing the cost to the Borrowers of their obligations hereunder. In case any Indemnified Person receives written notice of any loss, claim, damage or liability in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder by it and it notifies the Borrowers thereof, the Borrowers will be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that they may elect by written notice delivered to the Indemnified Person promptly after receiving the aforesaid notice from such Indemnified Person, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory at all times to such Indemnified Person; provided , however , that (i) if the parties against whom any loss, claim, damage or liability arises include both the Indemnified Person and a Borrower or any Subsidiary of a Borrower and the Indemnified Person shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it or other Indemnified Persons which are different from or additional to those available to a Borrower or any Subsidiary of a Borrower and may conflict therewith, the Indemnified Person or Persons shall have the right to select one separate counsel for such Indemnified Person or Persons to assume such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such loss, claim, damage or liability on behalf of such Indemnified Person or Persons and (ii) if any loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of actions brought by or for the benefit of a Borrower or any Subsidiary of a Borrower, the Indemnified Person or Persons shall have the right to select their counsel and to assume and direct the defense thereof and no Borrower shall be entitled to participate therein or assume the defense thereof. Upon receipt of notice from the Borrowers to such Indemnified Person of their election so to assume the defense of such loss, claim, damage or liability and approval by the Indemnified Person of counsel, the Borrowers shall not be liable to such Indemnified Person under this subsection 10.4 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with the defense thereof unless (i) the Indemnified Person shall have employed such counsel in connection with the assumption of legal defenses in accordance with the proviso to the next preceding sentence, (ii) the Borrowers shall not have employed and continued to employ counsel satisfactory to the Indemnified Person to represent the Indemnified Person within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action or (iii) the Borrowers shall have authorized the employment of counsel for the Indemnified Person at the expense of the Borrowers. 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this subsection 10.4, (i) the Borrowers shall not be liable for any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of any order adjudicating or otherwise disposing of any loss, claim, damage or liability effected without their consent and (ii) after the Borrowers have assumed the defense of any loss, claim, damage or liability under the preceding paragraph with respect to any Bank, they will not settle, compromise or consent to entry of any order adjudicating or otherwise disposing thereof (1) if such settlement, compromise or order involves the payment of money damages, except if the Borrowers agree with such Bank to pay such money damages, and, if not simultaneously paid, to furnish such Bank with satisfactory evidence of their ability to pay such money damages, and (2) if such settlement, compromise or order involves any relief against such Bank, other than the payment of money damages, except with the prior written consent of such Bank. 
 (e) Each party hereto waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding relating to the Agreement any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. 
 (f) The agreements in this subsection 10.4 shall survive repayment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 10.5 Successors and Assigns; Participations; Purchasing Banks . (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrowers, the Banks, the Agents and their respective successors and assigns (including any affiliate of an Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that the Borrowers may not assign or transfer any of their rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of each Bank. 

86 
 (b) Any Bank may, in the ordinary course of its commercial banking business and in accordance with applicable law, at any time sell to one or more banks or other financial institutions Participants participating interests in the Loans, Commitments and other interests of such Bank hereunder. In the event of any such sale by a Bank of participating interests to a Participant, such Bank s obligations under this Agreement to the other parties to this Agreement shall remain unchanged, such Bank shall remain solely responsible for the performance thereof, such Bank shall remain the holder of any such Loan for all purposes under this Agreement, and the Borrowers, each Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Bank in connection with such Bank s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Each Bank that sells a participation, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register provided that no Bank shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person other than the Borrower (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under this Agreement) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall constitute prima facie evidence (absent manifest error) of the accuracy of the information so recorded, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Banks may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation recorded therein for all purposes of this Agreement. (c) Any Bank may, in the ordinary course of its commercial banking business and in accordance with applicable law, at any time assign to one or more banks or other financial institutions Loan Assignees any Bid Loan or Negotiated Rate Loan or portion thereof owing to such Bank, pursuant to a Loan Assignment executed by the assignor Bank and the Loan Assignee. Upon such execution, from and after the Transfer Effective Date specified in such Loan Assignment, the Loan Assignee shall, to the extent of the assignment provided for in such Loan Assignment and to the extent permitted by applicable law, be deemed to have the same rights and benefits with respect to such Bid Loans and Negotiated Rate Loans and the same obligation to share pursuant to subsection 10.6 as it would have had if it were a Bank hereunder; provided , that unless such Loan Assignment shall otherwise specify and a copy of such Loan Assignment shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent for its acceptance and recording in the Register in accordance with subsection 10.5(f), the assignor Bank shall act as collection agent for the Loan Assignee, and in the case of Bid Loans, the Administrative Agent shall pay all amounts received from the relevant Borrower which are allocable to the assigned Bid Loan directly to the assignor Bank without any further liability to the relevant Loan Assignee, and, in the case of Negotiated Rate Loans, the relevant Borrower shall pay all amounts due under the assigned Negotiated Rate Loan directly to the assignor Bank without any further liability to the Loan Assignee. At the request of any Loan Assignee, on or promptly after the Transfer Effective Date specified in such Loan Assignment, the relevant Borrower, at its own expense, shall execute and deliver to the Loan Assignee a promissory note with respect to the Bid Loans or Negotiated Rate Loans of such Loan Assignee and its registered assigns in an amount equal to the Bid Loan or Negotiated Rate Loan assigned. Such note shall be dated the Borrowing Date in respect of such Bid Loan or Negotiated Rate Loan and shall otherwise be in the form of Exhibit L; provided , however , that such Borrower shall not be required to execute and deliver more than an aggregate of two notes with respect to the Bid Loans of any Bank with the same Interest Period at any time outstanding. A Loan Assignee shall not, by virtue of such Loan Assignment, become a party to this Agreement or have any rights to consent to or refrain from consenting to any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of this Agreement or any related document; provided , that (i) the assignor Bank and the Loan Assignee may, in their discretion, agree between themselves upon the manner in which the assignor Bank will exercise its rights under this Agreement and 

87 
 any related document, and (ii) if a copy of such Loan Assignment shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent for its acceptance and recording in the Register in accordance with subsection 10.5(f), neither the principal amount of, the interest rate on, nor the maturity date of, any Bid Loan or Negotiated Rate Loan assigned to a Loan Assignee will be modified without written consent of such Loan Assignee. (d) Any Bank may, in the ordinary course of its commercial banking business and in accordance with applicable law, sell to any Bank or any affiliate thereof (other than a natural Person) and to one or more additional banks or other financial institutions Purchasing Banks ), all or any portion (subject to the last sentence of this subsection 10.5(d)) of its rights (which rights may include such Bank s rights in respect of Loans it has disbursed) and obligations under this Agreement, with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of (i) the Company, (ii) each Issuing Bank and (iii) the Administrative Agent. Such sale shall be made pursuant to a Loan Assignment, executed by such Purchasing Bank and such transferor Bank (and, in the case of a Purchasing Bank that is not then a Bank or an affiliate thereof, by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent), and delivered to the Administrative Agent for its acceptance and recording in the Register. Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the Transfer Effective Date specified in such Loan Assignment, (i) the Purchasing Bank thereunder shall be a party hereto with respect to the interest purchased and, to the extent provided in such Loan Assignment, have the rights and obligations of a Bank hereunder with a Commitment as set forth therein, and (ii) the transferor Bank thereunder shall cease to have those rights and obligations under this Agreement to which the Purchasing Bank has succeeded (and, in the case of a Loan Assignment covering all or the remaining portion of a transferor Bank s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such transferor Bank shall cease to be a party hereto). Such Loan Assignment shall be deemed to amend this Agreement to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to reflect the addition of such Purchasing Bank and the resulting adjustment of Commitments and Commitment Percentages arising from the purchase by such Purchasing Bank of a portion of the rights and obligations of such transferor Bank under this Agreement. On or promptly after the Transfer Effective Date specified in such Loan Assignment, the Purchasing Bank and the Administrative Agent, on behalf of such Purchasing Bank, shall open and maintain in the name of each Borrower a Loan Account with respect to such Purchasing Bank s Committed Rate Loans and Bid Loans to such Borrower. Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, no Bank may sell any portion of its rights and obligations under this subsection 10.5(d) to any bank or financial institution without the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of the Company if, after giving effect to such sale or at the time of such sale, as the case may be, (i) the Commitment of either of the selling and purchasing institutions would be greater than 0 but less than 5,000,000, (ii) the Purchasing Bank, together with all of its affiliates, would have a Commitment Percentage of more than 15 (or, if the Commitments shall have been terminated, such Purchasing Bank, together with all of its affiliates, would hold Loans aggregating to more than 15 in principal amount of all outstanding Loans), (iii) the Credit Rating of any Purchasing Bank shall be less than BBB+ from S P or less than Baa1 from Moody s or such Purchasing Bank shall have no Credit Rating or (iv) the Purchasing Bank is not a bank, insurance company, other financial institution or an affiliate of any thereof that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans or similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. (e) The Administrative Agent shall maintain at its address referred to in subsection 10.2 a copy of each Loan Assignment delivered to it and a register (the Register for the recordation of (i) the names and addresses of the Banks and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) and L/C Obligations owing to, each Bank from time to time, and (ii) with respect to each Loan Assignment delivered to the Administrative Agent, the name and address of the Loan Assignee and the principal amount of each Bid Loan owing to such Loan Assignee. The entries in the Register shall constitute prima facie evidence (absent manifest error) of the accuracy of the information so recorded, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and the 

88 
 Banks may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of the Loan recorded therein for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company, each Issuing Bank or any Bank or Loan Assignee at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. (f) Upon its receipt of a Loan Assignment executed by an assignor Bank and a Loan Assignee and an Administrative Questionnaire from the Loan Assignee if it is not then a Bank, together with payment to the Administrative Agent (by the assignor Bank or the Loan Assignee, as agreed between them) of a registration and processing fee of 3,500, the Administrative Agent shall (i) accept such Loan Assignment, (ii) record the information contained therein in the Register and (iii) give prompt notice of such acceptance and recordation to the assignor Bank, the Loan Assignee and the Borrowers. Upon its receipt of a Loan Assignment executed by a transferor Bank and a Purchasing Bank (and, in the case of a Purchasing Bank that is not then a Bank or an affiliate thereof, by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent) and an Administrative Questionnaire from the Purchasing Bank if it is not then a Bank, together with payment to the Administrative Agent (by the transferor Bank or the Purchasing Bank, as agreed between them) of a registration and processing fee of 3,500 for each Purchasing Bank listed in such Loan Assignment, the Administrative Agent shall (A) accept such Loan Assignment, (B) record the information contained therein in the Register and (C) give prompt notice of such acceptance and recordation to the Banks and the Borrowers. (g) The Company authorizes each Bank to disclose to any Participant, Loan Assignee or Purchasing Bank (each, a Transferee and any prospective Transferee any and all financial information in such Bank s possession concerning the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries which has been delivered to such Bank by or on behalf of the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement or in connection with such Bank s credit evaluation of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries prior to becoming a party to this Agreement, provided that with respect to confidential data or information described in subsection 10.7, such confidential data may be disclosed only to (i) a Purchasing Bank and/or (ii) any other Transferee or prospective Transferee with the Borrowers prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld with respect to prospective Participants, Participants, prospective Loan Assignees and Loan Assignees; provided , however , that such Bank shall not disclose any such confidential data or information pursuant to this subsection 10.5(g) unless (i) it has notified the Purchasing Bank or other Transferee or potential Transferee that such data or information are confidential, such notification to be in writing if such data or information are disclosed in writing and orally if such data or information are disclosed orally, and (ii) such Purchasing Bank, Transferee or potential Transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the provisions of subsection 10.7. (h) If, pursuant to this subsection, any loan participation or series of loan participations is sold or any interest in this Agreement is transferred to any Transferee, the transferor Bank shall cause such Transferee, concurrently with the effectiveness of such transfer or the first transfer to occur in a series of transfers between such transferor Bank and such Transferee, to comply with subsection 2.17(c), subsection 2.17(d), subsection 2.17(e) and subsection 2.17(f) as if it were a Bank. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for obtaining such documentation except from its own Transferees. (i) Nothing in this subsection 10.5 shall prohibit any Bank from pledging or assigning its Loans to any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with applicable law. (j) The Borrowers, upon receipt of written notice from the relevant Bank, agree to issue Notes to any Bank requiring Notes to facilitate transactions of the type described in paragraph (i) above. (k) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Bank (a Granting Bank may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an SPC ), identified as such in writing from time 

89 
 to time by the Granting Bank to the Administrative Agent and the Company, the option to provide to the Borrowers all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Bank would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Loan, (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Bank shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Bank to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Bank. Each party hereto hereby agrees that no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Bank). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State thereof. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this subsection 10.5(k) any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Company and the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loans to the Granting Bank or to any financial institutions (consented to by the Company and Administrative Agent) providing liquidity and/or credit support to or for the account of such SPC to support the funding or maintenance of Loans and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. This subsection 10.5(k) may not be amended without the written consent of the SPC. 10.6 Adjustments . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or as otherwise provided by court order, if any Bank (a benefitted Bank shall at any time receive any payment of all or part of its Committed Rate Loans or L/C Obligations, or interest thereon or commitment fee or letter of credit fee hereunder, or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by set-off, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature referred to in clause (e) of Section 8, or otherwise) in a greater proportion than any such payment to and collateral received by any other Bank, if any, in respect of such other Bank s Committed Rate Loans or L/C Obligations, or interest thereon, or commitment fee or letter of credit fee hereunder, such benefitted Bank shall purchase for cash from the other Banks such portion of each such other Bank s Committed Rate Loans or L/C Obligations, or shall provide such other Banks with the benefits of any such collateral, or the proceeds thereof, as shall be necessary to cause such benefitted Bank to share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral or proceeds ratably with each of such other Banks; provided , however, that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such benefitted Bank, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. The Borrowers agree that each Bank so purchasing a portion of another Bank s Committed Rate Loans or L/C Obligations may exercise all rights of payment (including, without limitation, rights of set-off) with respect to such portion as fully as if such Bank were the direct holder of such portion. 
 10.7 Confidentiality . (a) Each of the Agents and the Banks shall, subject as hereinafter provided, keep confidential from any third party any data or information received by them from the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement which, if provided in writing, is designated in writing as confidential, and if provided orally, is designated orally as confidential by the Borrowers except: 
 (i) any such data or information as is or becomes publicly available or generally known otherwise than as a result of any breach of the provisions of this subsection 10.7; 

90 
 (ii) as required by law, rule, regulation or official direction or any Governmental Authority or self-regulatory body having or claiming authority or oversight over any Bank or its affiliates; 
 (iii) as may be necessary to protect as against the Borrowers or any of them the interests of the Banks or any of them under this Agreement; 
 (iv) to the extent permitted under subsection 10.5; and 
 (v) with respect to any Bank, to affiliates of such Bank on a need to know basis (as long as such affiliates are subject to confidentiality provisions no less restrictive than those set forth in this Agreement) and the attorneys, accountants and regulators of such Bank and such affiliates, and to each other Bank. 
 (b) Each of the Agents and the Banks shall use their reasonable efforts to ensure that any confidential data or information received by them from the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement which is disclosed to employees of such Agent or Bank (as the case may be) or their respective affiliates pursuant to clause (a) above, is so disclosed only to the extent necessary for purpose of the administration of this Agreement and, in all cases, on the condition that such information and data shall be kept confidential except for such purpose. 
 (c) For the avoidance of doubt, the Agents and the Banks may provide to data service providers that serve the lending industry, including market data collectors and league table providers, and insurers to the Agents and the Banks information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers and lenders to such data service providers and insurers if presented in a manner that does not disclose the identity of the Borrowers. 
 (d) The provisions of this subsection 10.7 shall survive the payment in full of all amounts payable hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. 
 10.8 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. A set of the copies of this Agreement signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to subsection 10.2), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic 

91 
 Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Banks shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrowers without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Bank, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrowers hereby (i) agree that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Banks, and the Borrowers, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) the Administrative Agent and each of the Banks may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Indemnified Person for any Losses arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and/or any Bank s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Losses arising as a result of the failure of a Borrower to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 10.9 GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 10.10 Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process . All judicial proceedings brought against the Borrowers with respect to this Agreement shall be brought in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Borrowers accept, for themselves and in connection with their properties, generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts and irrevocably agree to be bound by any final judgment rendered thereby in connection with this Agreement from which no appeal has been taken or is available. The Borrowers irrevocably agree that all process in any such proceedings in any such court may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to them at their addresses set forth in subsection 10.2 or at such other address of which the Administrative Agent shall have been notified pursuant thereto, such service being hereby acknowledged by the Borrowers to be effective and binding service in every respect. Each of the Borrowers, the Agents and the Banks irrevocably waives any objection, including without limitation, any objection to the laying of venue or based on the grounds of forum non conveniens which it may now or hereafter have to the bringing of any such action or proceeding in any such jurisdiction. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right of any Agent or any Bank to bring proceedings against the Borrowers in the courts of any other jurisdiction. JD Luxembourg irrevocably appoints the Company as its agent to receive process with respect to this Agreement. 

92 
 10.11 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL . Each Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Banks hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding relating to this agreement or any other loan document and for any counterclaim therein. 
 10.12 USA Patriot Act . Each Bank hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrowers, which information includes the name and address of the Borrowers and other information that will allow such Bank to identify the Borrowers in accordance with the Act. The Borrowers shall promptly provide such information upon request by any Bank. 
 10.13 No Fiduciary Duty . The Borrowers acknowledge and agree that (a) no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Borrowers and the Agents and the Banks is intended to be or has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective of whether the Agents and the Banks have advised or are advising the Borrowers on other matters, (b) the Agents and the Banks, on the one hand, and the Borrowers, on the other hand, have an arm s length business relationship that does not directly or indirectly give rise to, nor do the Borrowers rely on, any fiduciary duty to the Borrowers or their respective affiliates on the part of the Agents and the Banks, (c) the Borrowers are capable of evaluating and understanding, and the Borrowers understand and accept, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (d) the Borrowers have been advised that the Agents and the Banks are engaged in a broad range of transactions that may involve interests that differ from the Borrowers interests and that the Agents and the Banks have no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Borrowers, (e) the Borrowers have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent the Borrowers have deemed appropriate, (f) each Agent and Bank has been, is, and will be acting solely as a principal and, except as otherwise expressly agreed in writing by it and the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrowers, any of the Borrowers affiliates or any other Person and (g) none of the Agents nor Banks has any obligation to the Borrowers or their respective affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein or in any other express writing executed and delivered by such Agent or Bank and the Borrowers or any such affiliate. 
 10.14 Headings . Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 10.15 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties to the Loan Documents, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of a Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (i) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by a Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (ii) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

93 
 (x) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (y) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (z) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any Resolution Authority. (b) Each party hereto agrees that it will notify the Company and the Administrative Agent, as soon as practicable, of such party becoming the subject of a Bail-In Action, unless such notification is prohibited by law, regulation or order. 10.16 Bank ERISA Representations . (a) Each Bank (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Bank party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Bank party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Bank party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and each lead arranger and their respective affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 
 (i) such Bank is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans (defined below) in connection with the Loans or the Commitments, (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to, and all of the conditions of which are and will continue to be satisfied in connection with, such Bank s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (iii) (A) such Bank is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Bank to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Bank, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Bank s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Bank. (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Bank or (2) a Bank has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Bank further 

94 
 (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Bank party hereto, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Bank party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Bank party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and each lead arranger, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Bank involved in such Bank s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any documents related hereto or thereto). As used in this Section, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code, to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. [Remainder of page left intentionally blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. DEERE COMPANY By: Name: Title: JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: Name: Title: JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: Name: Title: 
 By: Name: Title: 
 [Signature Page to the Deere Company 2026 Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as a Bank By: __________________________________ Name: Title: 
 
 [Signature Page to the Deere Company 2026 Credit Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent and as a Bank By: __________________________________ Name: Title: 
 
 [Signature Page to the Deere Company 2026 Credit Agreement] 

CITIBANK, N.A., as Documentation Agent and as a Bank By: __________________________________ Name: Title: 
 [BANK], as a Bank By: __________________________________ Name: Title: 
 
 [Signature Page to the Deere Company 2026 Credit Agreement] 

SCHEDULE I TERMS OF SUBORDINATION Senior Indebtedness means the principal of (and premium, if any) and unpaid interest, commitment fees and letter of credit fees on (a) indebtedness (including matured and contingent reimbursement obligations in respect of letters of credit) of John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation (including indebtedness of others guaranteed by the Capital Corporation), other than the indebtedness evidenced by the Securities [such term to be defined as the debt to be issued under the indenture or agreement to which this Schedule relates] and [specify any other indebtedness of the Capital Corporation (including indebtedness of others guaranteed by the Capital Corporation)], provided that indebtedness of the Capital Corporation under the credit agreement to which these Terms of Subordination are attached may not be so specified, whether outstanding on the date hereof or hereafter created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed, for money borrowed, unless in the instrument creating or evidencing the same or pursuant to which the same is outstanding it is provided that such indebtedness is not senior or prior in right of payment to the Securities, and (b) renewals, extensions, modifications and refundings of any such indebtedness. SUBORDINATION Section 1. Agreement to Subordinate. The Capital Corporation, for itself, its successors and assigns, covenants and agrees, and each holder of Securities, by such holder s acceptance thereof, likewise covenants and agrees, that the payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on each and all of the Securities is hereby expressly subordinated, to the extent and in the manner hereinafter set forth, in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all Senior Indebtedness. Section 2. Distribution on Dissolution, Liquidation and Reorganization; Subrogation of Securities . Upon any distribution of assets of the Capital Corporation upon any dissolution, winding up, liquidation or reorganization of the Capital Corporation, whether in bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or receivership proceedings or upon an assignment for the benefit of creditors or any other marshalling of the assets and liabilities of the Capital Corporation or otherwise (subject to the power of a court of competent jurisdiction to make other equitable provisions reflecting the rights conferred in this Agreement upon the Senior Indebtedness and the holders thereof with respect to the Securities by a lawful plan of reorganization under applicable bankruptcy law), (a) the holders of Senior Indebtedness shall be entitled to receive payment in full of the principal thereof (and premium if any) and the interest, commitment fees and letter of credit fees due on the Senior Indebtedness before the holders of the Securities are entitled to receive any payment upon the principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on indebtedness evidenced by the Securities; and (b) any payment or distribution of assets of the Capital Corporation of any kind or character, whether in cash, property or securities, to which the holders of the Securities or any trustee therefor would be entitled except for the provisions of this Article shall be paid by the liquidating trustee or agent or other person making such payment or distribution, whether a trustee in bankruptcy, a receiver or liquidating trustee or otherwise, directly to the holders of Senior Indebtedness or their representative or representatives or to the trustee or trustees under 

I- 2 
 any indenture under which any instruments evidencing any of such Senior Indebtedness may have been issued, ratably according to the aggregate amounts remaining unpaid on account of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, commitment fees and letter of credit fees on the Senior Indebtedness held or represented by each holder of Senior Indebtedness, to the extent necessary to make payment in full of all Senior Indebtedness remaining unpaid, after giving effect to any concurrent payment or distribution to the holders of such Senior Indebtedness; and (c) in the event that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any payment or distribution of assets of the Capital Corporation of any kind or character, whether in cash, property or securities, shall be received by any trustee for the holders of the Securities or the holders of the Securities before all Senior Indebtedness is paid in full, such payment or distribution shall be paid over, upon written notice to any trustee for the holders of the Securities, to the holders of Senior Indebtedness or their representative or representatives or to the trustee or trustees under any indenture under which any instruments evidencing any of such Senior Indebtedness may have been issued, ratably as aforesaid, for application to the payment of all Senior Indebtedness remaining unpaid until all such Senior Indebtedness shall have been paid in full, after giving effect to any concurrent payment or distribution to the holders of such Senior Indebtedness. Subject to the payment in full of all Senior Indebtedness, the holders of the Securities shall be subrogated to the rights of the holders of Senior Indebtedness to receive payments or distributions of cash, property or securities of the Capital Corporation applicable to Senior Indebtedness until the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Securities shall be paid in full and no such payments or distributions to the holders of the Securities of cash, property or securities otherwise distributable to the holders of Senior Indebtedness shall, as between the Capital Corporation, its creditors other than the holders of Senior Indebtedness, and the holders of the Securities, be deemed to be a payment by the Capital Corporation to or on account of the Securities. It is understood that the provisions of this Article are, and are intended, solely for the purpose of defining the relative rights of the holders of the Securities, on the one hand, and the holders of Senior Indebtedness, on the other hand. Nothing contained in this Article or elsewhere in this Agreement or in the Securities is intended to or shall impair, as between the Capital Corporation, its creditors other than the holders of Senior Indebtedness, and the holders of the Securities, the obligation of the Capital Corporation, which is unconditional and absolute, to pay to the holders of the Securities the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Securities as and when the same shall become due and payable in accordance with their terms, or to affect the relative rights of the holders of the Securities and creditors of the Capital Corporation other than the holders of Senior Indebtedness, nor shall anything herein or in the instruments or other evidence of the Securities prevent any trustee for the holders of the Securities or the holder of any Securities from exercising all remedies otherwise permitted by applicable law upon default under this Agreement or such instrument or other evidence, subject to the rights, if any, under this Article of the holders of Senior Indebtedness in respect of cash, property or securities of the Capital Corporation received upon the exercise of any such remedy. Section 3. No Payment on Securities in Event of Non-Payment When Due of Senior Indebtedness . No payment by the Capital Corporation on account of principal (or premium, if any), sinking funds, or interest on the Securities shall be made unless full payment of amounts then due for principal, premium, if any, sinking funds and interest and letter of credit fees and commitment fees on Senior Indebtedness has been made or duly provided for in money or money s worth. 

SCHEDULE II COMMITMENTS Bank Commitment JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 210,937,500 Bank of America, N.A. 210,937,500 Citibank, N.A. 210,937,500 Barclays Bank PLC 175,781,250 HSBC Bank USA, N.A. 175,781,250 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 175,781,250 Royal Bank of Canada 175,781,250 The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch 156,250,000 Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 140,625,000 Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch 140,625,000 Goldman Sachs Bank USA 140,625,000 BNP Paribas 93,750,000 Commerzbank AG New York Branch 93,750,000 Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. New York Branch 39,062,500 Banco Santander, S.A., New York Branch 39,062,500 The Bank of New York Mellon 39,062,500 The Bank of Nova Scotia 39,062,500 PNC Bank, National Association 39,062,500 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 39,062,500 Standard Chartered Bank 39,062,500 U.S. Bank National Association 39,062,500 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 39,062,500 Bank of China, Chicago Branch 15,625,000 ICICI Bank Limited New York Branch 15,625,000 Nordea Bank Abp, New York Branch 15,625,000 TOTAL 2,500,000,000 

SCHEDULE III EXISTING LETTERS OF CREDIT None. 

EXHIBIT A [FORM OF BORROWING NOTICE] _________, 20__ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement referred to below 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Telephone: (302) 634-9770 Facsimile: (302) 634-4733 Ladies and Gentlemen: Pursuant to subsection 2.1(c) of the 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among DEERE COMPANY, JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A. , as Documentation Agent, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), the undersigned hereby requests that the following Committed Rate Loans be made on __________, 20__ as follows: 

(1) Total Amount of Committed Rate Loans ____________ (2) Requested Currency _____________ (3) Amount of (1) to be allocated to Eurocurrency Loans ____________ (4) Amount of (1) to be allocated to ABR Loans ____________ (5) Amount of (1) to be allocated to SONIA Loans ____________ 5 6 Interest Periods and amounts to be allocated thereto in respect of Eurocurrency Loans (amounts must total (3)): (i) one month ____________ (ii) two months ____________ (iii) three months ____________ (iv) six months ____________ (v) 30 days (if Canadian Dollars requested) ____________ (vi) 60 days (if Canadian Dollars requested) ____________ 

A- 2 
 (vii) 90 days (if Canadian Dollars requested) ____________ Total Eurocurrency Loans ____________ 
 NOTE: THE AMOUNT APPEARING IN LINE (1) ABOVE MUST BE AT LEAST EQUAL TO 25,000,000 AND IN A WHOLE MULTIPLE OF 5,000,000 (OR THE FOREIGN CURRENCY EQUIVALENT IN THE CASE OF FOREIGN CURRENCY LOANS) AND THE AMOUNTS APPEARING IN EACH OTHER LINE ABOVE MUST BE AT LEAST EQUAL TO 10,000,000 AND IN A WHOLE MULTIPLE OF 1,000,000 (OR THE FOREIGN CURRENCY EQUIVALENT IN THE CASE OF FOREIGN CURRENCY LOANS). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the same meanings when used herein. Very truly yours, [DEERE COMPANY] [JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION] [JOHN DEERE BANK S.A.] By: Title: 

EXHIBIT B [FORM OF BID LOAN REQUEST] _______, 20__ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement referred to below 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Telephone: (302) 634-9770 Facsimile: (302) 634-4733 Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to the 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among DEERE COMPANY, JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A. , as Documentation Agent, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as therein defined. This is an [Index Rate] [Absolute Rate] Bid Loan Request pursuant to subsection 2.2 of the Credit Agreement requesting quotes for the following Bid Loans: Aggregate Principal Amount _____________ ____________ ____________ Borrowing Date _____________ ____________ ____________ Interest Period _____________ ____________ ____________ Maturity Period _____________ ____________ ____________ Interest Payment Dates _____________ ____________ ____________ Interest Rate Basis 360 day year 

B- 2 
 NOTE: THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNTS APPEARING ABOVE MUST BE IN THE AGGREGATE AT LEAST EQUAL TO 25,000,000 AND IN A WHOLE MULTIPLE OF 5,000,000. Very truly yours, [DEERE COMPANY] [JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION] By: Title: __________ Note: Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, a Bid Loan Request may be transmitted by facsimile transmission, or by telephone, immediately confirmed by facsimile transmission. In any case, a Bid Loan Request shall contain the information specified in the second paragraph of this form. 

EXHIBIT C [FORM OF BID LOAN OFFER] _______, 20__ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement referred to below 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Telephone: (302) 634-9770 Facsimile: (302) 634-4733 Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to the 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among DEERE COMPANY, JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A. , as Documentation Agent, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as therein defined. In accordance with subsection 2.2 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned Bid Loan Bank offers to make Bid Loans thereunder in the following amounts with the following maturity dates: Borrowing Date: _________________, 20__ Aggregate Maximum Amount: ________ 

C- 2 
 Maturity Date 1: Maturity Date 2: Maturity Date 3: Maximum Amount _____ Maximum Amount _______ Maximum Amount ______ Rate ____Amount ______ Rate ____Amount ______ Rate ___Amount _______ Rate ____Amount ______ Rate ____Amount ______ Rate ___Amount _______ 
 Very truly yours, [NAME OF BID LOAN BANK] By: Name: Title: Telephone: Facsimile: If Index Rate Bid Loan, insert percentage above or below Eurocurrency Rate. 

EXHIBIT D [FORM OF BID LOAN CONFIRMATION] _______, 20__ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement referred to below 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Telephone: (302) 634-9770 Facsimile: (302) 634-4733 Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to the 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among DEERE COMPANY, JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A. , as Documentation Agent, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as therein defined. In accordance with subsection 2.2 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned accepts and confirms the offers by Bid Loan Bank(s) to make Bid Loans to the undersigned on ______________, 20__ [Borrowing Date] under said subsection 2.2 in the (respective) amount(s) set forth on the attached list of Bid Loans offered. Very truly yours, [DEERE COMPANY] [JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION] By: Title: [Borrower to attach Bid Loan Offer list prepared by Administrative Agent with accepted amount entered by the Borrower to right of each Bid Loan Offer]. 

EXHIBIT E [FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION] ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION This Assignment and Assumption (the Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the date set forth below (the Effective Date and is entered into between the Assignor named below (the Assignor and the Assignee named below (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, the Credit Agreement ), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent below (i) all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Bank under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including any letters of credit and guarantees included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Bank) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest ). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 1. Assignor: ______________________________ 2. Assignee: ______________________________ [and is an affiliate/Approved Fund of [ identify Bank ] 2 ] 3. Borrower(s): ______________________________ 4. Administrative Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 5. Credit Agreement: The 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 among Deere Company , John Deere Capital Corporation , John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the 
 2 Select as applicable. 

E- 2 
 other agents parties thereto 6. Assigned Interest: Facility Assigned 3 Aggregate Amount of Commitment/Loans for all Banks Amount of Commitment/Loans Assigned Percentage Assigned of Commitment/Loans 4 
 Effective Date: ______________, 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] The Assignee expressly confirms that it [can/cannot] exempt the Administrative Agent and the Foreign Currency Agent from the restrictions pursuant to section 181 of the German Civil Code (B rgerliches Gesetzbuch) and similar restrictions applicable to it pursuant to any other applicable law as provided for in subsection 9.1(d) of the Credit Agreement. The Assignee agrees to deliver to the Administrative Agent a completed administrative questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrowers and their affiliates or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: ASSIGNOR _________________________________ NAME OF ASSIGNOR By:______________________________ Title: ASSIGNEE _________________________________ NAME OF ASSIGNEE By:______________________________ Title: 
 3 Fill in the appropriate terminology for the types of facilities under the Credit Agreement that are being assigned under this Assignment (e.g. Commitment or L/C Commitment ). 4 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Banks. 

[Consented to and] 5 Accepted: JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By_________________________________ Title: [Consented to:] 6 DEERE COMPANY By________________________________ Title: 
 5 To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 6 To be added only if the consent of the Borrower and/or other parties (e.g. Issuing Bank) is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

ANNEX 1 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (the Credit Agreement among DEERE COMPANY, JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, JOHN DEERE BANK S.A., the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents parties thereto STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 1. Representations and Warranties . 1.1 Assignor . The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrowers, any of their respective Subsidiaries or affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of the Credit Agreement or (iv) the performance or observance by each Borrower, any of their Subsidiaries or affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under the Credit Agreement. 1.2. Assignee . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Bank under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become a Bank, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Bank thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Bank thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 thereof, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Bank and (v) if it is a Non-U.S. Bank, attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Bank, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Bank. 2. Payments . From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. 3. General Provisions . This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and 

I- 2 
 Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by email or telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

EXHIBIT F [RESERVED] 

EXHIBIT G [FORM OF OPINION OF GENERAL COUNSEL TO THE COMPANY] [Closing Date] To each of the Banks parties to the Credit Agreement referred to below and to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent Deere Company and John Deere Capital Corporation 2026 Credit Agreement Ladies and Gentlemen: This opinion is furnished to you pursuant to subsection 4.1(c) of the 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (the Credit Agreement among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation and, together with the Company, the U.S. Borrowers and John Deere Bank S.A., the Banks parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement and not otherwise defined in this opinion are used herein as defined in the Credit Agreement. I am General Counsel of the Company and have also acted as counsel for the Capital Corporation in this matter. I am familiar with the corporate history and organization of each U.S. Borrower and of its Subsidiaries and the proceedings relating to the authorization, execution and delivery by each U.S. Borrower of the Credit Agreement. In that connection I have examined or caused to have examined: 1. The Credit Agreement; 2. The documents furnished by each of the U.S. Borrowers pursuant to Section 4 of the Credit Agreement; 3. The Certificates of Incorporation of the U.S. Borrowers and all amendments thereto (the Charters 4. The bylaws of the U.S. Borrowers and all amendments thereto (the Bylaws and 5. Certificates of the Secretary of State of Delaware, each dated a recent date, attesting to the continued corporate existence and good standing of the U.S. Borrowers in that State. In addition, I have reviewed or caused to have reviewed such of the corporate proceedings of the U.S. Borrowers, and have examined or caused to have examined such documents, corporate records, and other instruments relating to the organization of the U.S. Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries and such other agreements and instruments to which the U.S. Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries are parties, as I consider necessary as a basis for the opinions hereinafter expressed. I have assumed the due execution and delivery, pursuant to due authorization, of the Credit 

G- 2 
 Agreement by the Banks, the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, and the Documentation Agent, and the authenticity of all documents submitted to me as originals and the conformity to the original documents of all documents submitted to me as certified, conformed or photostatic or electronic copies. I am qualified to practice law in the State of Illinois and the State of Iowa and do not purport to be an expert on, and do not express any opinion herein concerning, any laws other than the laws of the State of Illinois and the State of Iowa, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and the Federal laws of the United States. Based upon the foregoing and upon such investigation as I have deemed necessary, I am of the following opinion: 1. Each of the Company and the Capital Corporation is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has the corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now being conducted and to own its properties. 2. The execution, delivery and performance by each U.S. Borrower of the Credit Agreement are within such U.S. Borrower s corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not (i) contravene, or constitute a default under the Charter or the Bylaws of such U.S. Borrower, any judgment, law, rule or regulation applicable to such U.S. Borrower, or any Contractual Obligation by which such U.S. Borrower is bound or (ii) result in the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of its property or assets. The Credit Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each U.S. Borrower. 3. No authorization, approval, or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by each U.S. Borrower of the Credit Agreement. 4. There is no pending or, to the best of my knowledge, threatened action or proceeding against either U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator which is likely to have a materially adverse effect upon the financial condition or operations of such U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. A copy of this opinion letter may be delivered by any of you to any person that becomes a Bank in accordance with the provisions of the Credit Agreement. Any such person may rely on the opinions expressed above as if this opinion letter were addressed and delivered to such person on the date hereof. This opinion letter is rendered to you in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement. This opinion letter may not be relied upon by you or any person entitled to rely on this opinion pursuant to the preceding paragraph for any other purpose without my prior written consent. This opinion letter speaks only as of the date hereof. I expressly disclaim any responsibility to advise you of any development or circumstance of any kind, including any change of law or fact, that may occur after the date of this opinion letter even though such development or circumstance 

G- 3 
 may affect the legal analysis, a legal conclusion or any other matter set forth in or relating to this opinion letter. Very truly yours, Mary K.W. Jones 

EXHIBIT H [FORM OF ENFORCEABILITY OPINION OF SPECIAL NEW YORK COUNSEL TO THE BORROWERS] [Closing Date] To the Agent and each of the Banks under the Credit Agreement (referred to below) on the date hereof: Re: 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 , by and among Deere Company, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A., a public limited company organized under the laws of Luxembourg JD Luxembourg , and together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), the financial institutions from time to time party thereto as lenders (the Lenders ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent for the Banks (in such capacity, the Agent and the other parties thereto (such credit agreement herein referred to as the Credit Agreement Ladies and Gentlemen: We are issuing this opinion letter in our capacity as counsel to and at the request of the Borrowers in respect of the Credit Agreement. The opinions expressed herein are being provided pursuant to Section 4.1(c) of the Credit Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Credit Agreement (with references herein to the Credit Agreement and each document defined therein meaning the Credit Agreement and each such document as executed and delivered on the date hereof). The Banks and the Agent are sometimes referred to in this opinion letter as you . In connection with the preparation of this letter, we have, among other things, reviewed executed counterparts of the Credit Agreement. Subject to the assumptions, qualifications, exclusions and other limitations which are identified in this opinion letter, we advise you, and with respect to each legal issue addressed in this opinion letter, it is our opinion, that (a) the Credit Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of each Borrower that is a party thereto and is enforceable against such Borrower in accordance with its terms and (b) the guarantee by the Capital Corporation pursuant to Section 2.27 of the Credit Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of the Capital Corporation and is enforceable against the Capital Corporation in accordance with its terms. With your consent, we have assumed for purposes of this letter and the opinions herein: 

H- 2 
 (a) that each document we have reviewed for purposes of this letter is accurate and complete, each such document that is an original is authentic, each such document that is a copy conforms to an authentic original, and all signatures on each such document are genuine, and that all natural persons who have signed any document have the legal capacity to do so; (b) that the Credit Agreement and every other agreement we have examined for purposes of this letter has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the parties thereto and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of each party to that document, enforceable against each such party in accordance with its respective terms and that each such party has satisfied all legal requirements that are applicable to such party to the extent necessary to entitle such party to enforce such agreement and that each party to the Credit Agreement is in good standing and duly incorporated or organized under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization except we do not assume in this paragraph (b) that the Credit Agreement is a valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms against the Borrowers; (c) there are no agreements or understandings among the parties, written or oral (other than the Credit Agreement), and there is no usage of trade or course of prior dealing among the parties that would, in either case define, supplement or qualify the terms of the Credit Agreement; and (d) that the status of the Credit Agreement as legally valid and binding obligations of the parties is not affected by any (i) breaches of, or defaults under, agreements or instruments, (ii) violations of statutes, rules, regulations or court or governmental orders, or (iii) failures to obtain required consents, approvals or authorizations from, or make required registrations, declarations or filings with, governmental authorities. In preparing this letter, we have relied without any independent verification upon: (i) information contained in certificates obtained from governmental authorities; (ii) factual information represented to be true in the Credit Agreement; (iii) factual information provided to us in a support certificate signed by each of the Borrowers; and (iv) factual information we have obtained from such other sources as we have deemed reasonable; and we have examined the originals or copies certified to our satisfaction, of the Credit Agreement and other corporate records of the Borrowers as we deem necessary for or relevant to our opinions. We have assumed without investigation that the information upon which we have relied is accurate and does not omit disclosures necessary to prevent such information from being misleading. The terms knowledge , actual knowledge and aware whenever used in this letter with respect to our firm mean conscious awareness at the time this letter is delivered on the date it bears by the lawyers with Kirkland Ellis LLP at that time who spent substantial time representing the Borrower in connection with the Credit Agreement (herein called our Designated Transaction Lawyers ). Our opinion (an enforceability opinion in this letter that any particular contract is a valid and binding obligation or is enforceable in accordance with its terms is subject to: (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally and judicially developed doctrines in this area such as substantive consolidation and equitable subordination; (ii) the effect of general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity); (iii) an 

H- 3 
 implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; and (iv) other commonly recognized statutory and judicial constraints on enforceability including statutes of limitations. General principles of equity include but are not limited to: principles limiting the availability of specific performance and injunctive relief; principles which limit the availability of a remedy under certain circumstances where another remedy has been elected; principles requiring reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing in the performance and enforcement of an agreement by the party seeking enforcement; principles which may permit a party to cure a material failure to perform its obligations; and principles affording equitable defenses such as waiver, laches and estoppel. Our enforceability opinion is also subject to the qualification that certain provisions of the Credit Agreement may not be enforceable in whole or in part, although the inclusion of such provisions does not render the Credit Agreement invalid, and the Credit Agreement and the law of the State of New York contain adequate remedial provisions for the practical realization of the rights and benefits afforded thereby. Our enforceability opinion is further subject to the effect of rules of law that may render guaranties or other similar instruments or agreements unenforceable under circumstances where your actions, failures to act or waivers, amendments or replacement of the Credit Agreement (i) so radically change the essential nature of the terms and conditions of the guaranteed obligations and the related transactions that, in effect, a new relationship has arisen between you and the Borrowers which is substantially and materially different from that presently contemplated by the Credit Agreement, (ii) release the primary obligor, or (iii) impair the guarantor s recourse against the primary obligor. We also express no opinion regarding the enforceability of any so-called fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer savings clauses and any similar provisions in the Credit Agreement to the extent such provisions purport to limit the amount of the obligations of any party or the right to contribution of any other party with respect to such obligations. We render no opinion regarding the validity, binding effect or enforceability of the Credit Agreement with respect to any Borrower to the extent the Credit Agreement involves any obligation (including any guaranty) of such Borrower with respect to any swap (as such term is defined in the Commodity Exchange Act) if such Borrower is not an eligible contract participant (as such term is defined in the Commodity Exchange Act) at the time such obligation is incurred by such Borrower. We render no opinion with regard to usury or other laws limiting or regulating the maximum amount of interest that may be charged, collected, received or contracted for other than the internal laws of the State of New York, and without limiting the foregoing, we expressly disclaim any opinion as to the usury or other such laws of any other jurisdiction (including laws of other states made applicable through principles of Federal preemption or otherwise) which may be applicable to the transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement. Nothing contained in this letter covers or otherwise addresses any of the following types of provisions which may be contained in the Credit Agreement: 

H- 4 
 (i) provisions mandating contribution towards judgments or settlements among various parties; (ii) waivers of benefits and rights to the extent they cannot be waived under applicable law; (iii) provisions providing for penalties, liquidated damages, acceleration of future amounts due (other than principal) without appropriate discount to present value, late charges, prepayment charges, interest upon interest, or increased interest rates upon default; (iv) provisions which might require indemnification or contribution in violation of general principles of equity or public policy, including, without limitation, indemnification or contribution obligations which arise out of the failure to comply with applicable state or federal securities laws; (v) agreements to submit to the jurisdiction of any particular court or other governmental authority (either as to personal or subject matter jurisdiction); provisions restricting access to courts; waiver of service of process requirements which would otherwise be applicable; waiver of the right to a jury trial and provisions otherwise purporting to affect the jurisdiction and venue of courts; (vi) choice-of-law provisions; (vii) provisions regarding arbitration; (viii) covenants not to compete; (ix) provisions that authorize you to set off and apply any deposits at any time held, and any other indebtedness at any time owing, by you to or for the account of the Borrowers, or (x) requirements in the Credit Agreement specifying that provisions thereof may only be waived in writing. Except as expressly otherwise set forth in this letter, our advice on every legal issue addressed in this letter is based exclusively on the internal laws of the State of New York or the Federal law of the United States which, in each case, in our experience is generally applicable both to general business organizations which are not engaged in regulated business activities and to transactions of the type contemplated in the Credit Agreement, on the one hand, and you, on the other hand (but without our having made any special investigation as to any other laws), except that we express no opinion or advice as to any law or legal issue (a) which might be violated by any misrepresentation or omission or a fraudulent act, or (b) to which any Borrower may be subject as a result of your legal or regulatory status, your sale or transfer of the Loans or interests therein or your involvement in the transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement. None of the opinions or other advice contained in this letter considers or covers: (i) any federal or state securities (or blue sky laws or regulations or Federal Reserve Board margin regulations or (ii) federal or state antitrust and unfair competition laws and regulations, pension 

H- 5 
 and employee benefit laws and regulations, compliance with fiduciary duty requirements, federal and state environmental, land use and subdivision, tax, racketeering (e.g., RICO), health and safety (e.g., OSHA), and labor laws and regulations, federal and state laws, regulations and policies concerning national and local emergency, possible judicial deference to acts of sovereign states and criminal and civil forfeiture laws, and other federal and state statutes of general application to the extent they provide for criminal prosecution (e.g., mail fraud and wire fraud statutes). We also express no opinion regarding any laws relating to terrorism or money laundering, including Executive Order No. 13224, 66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (published September 25, 2001) (the Terrorism Executive Order or any related enabling legislation or any other similar executive order (collectively with the Terrorism Executive Order, the Executive Orders ), the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Public Law 107-56, the Patriot Act ), any sanctions and regulations promulgated under authority granted by the Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 1-44, as amended from time to time, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1701-06, as amended from time to time, the Iraqi Sanctions Act, Publ. L. No. 101-513; United Nations Participation Act, 22 U.S.C. 287c, as amended from time to time, the International Security and Development Cooperation Act, 22 U.S.C. 2349 aa-9, as amended from time to time, The Cuban Democracy Act, 22 U.S.C. 6001-10, as amended from time to time, The Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity Act, 18 U.S.C. 2332d and 2339b, as amended from time to time, and The Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act, Publ. L. No. 106-120, as amended from time to time. We express no opinion as to what law might be applied by any other courts to resolve any issue addressed in this letter. We advise you that issues addressed by this letter may be governed in whole or in part by other laws, but we express no opinion as to whether any relevant difference exists between the laws upon which our opinions are based and any other laws which may actually govern. This opinion letter speaks as of the time of its delivery on the date it bears. We do not assume any obligation to provide you with any subsequent opinion or advice by reason of any fact about which our Designated Transaction Lawyers did not have actual knowledge at that time, by reason of any change subsequent to that time in any law covered by any of our opinions, or for any other reason. 

H- 6 
 You may rely upon this letter only for the purpose served by the provision in the Credit Agreement cited in the second paragraph of this opinion letter in response to which it has been delivered. Without our written consent: (i) no person other than you may rely on this opinion letter for any purpose; (ii) this opinion letter may not be cited or quoted in any financial statement, prospectus, private placement memorandum or other similar document; (iii) this opinion letter may not be cited or quoted in any other document or communication which might encourage reliance upon this opinion letter by any person or for any purpose excluded by the restrictions in this paragraph; and (iv) copies of this opinion letter may not be furnished to anyone for purposes of encouraging such reliance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, financial institutions which subsequently become Banks in accordance with the terms of Section 10.5 of the Credit Agreement may rely on this opinion letter as of the time of its delivery on the date hereof as if this letter were addressed to them. Sincerely, KIRKLAND ELLIS LLP 

EXHIBIT I [FORM OF EXTENSION REQUEST] ____________________, 20__ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Telephone: (302) 634-9770 Facsimile: (302) 634-4733 Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to the 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among Deere Company, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., the Banks parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as therein defined. This is an Extension Request pursuant to subsection 2.16 of the Credit Agreement requesting an extension of the Termination Date to [INSERT REQUESTED TERMINATION DATE]. Please transmit a copy of this Extension Request to each of the Banks. Very truly yours, DEERE COMPANY By: Title: JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: Title: JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: Title: 

EXHIBIT J [FORM OF W-8BEN-E TAX LETTER] [To be sent in DUPLICATE and accompanied by TWO executed copies of Form W-8BEN-E of the Internal Revenue Service] [Bank s Letterhead] ________________, 20__ Deere Company One John Deere Place Moline, Illinois 61265 Attention: Treasurer John Deere Capital Corporation First National Bank Building 1 East First Street Reno, Nevada 89501 Attention: Manager [John Deere Bank S.A. 43, avenue John F. Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Attention: ] Re: 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 with Deere Company, and John Deere Capital Corporation and John Deere Bank S.A. Ladies and Gentlemen: In connection with the 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among Deere Company, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., the Banks parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, we hereby represent and warrant that [name of Bank, address] is a [name of Country] corporation and is currently exempt from any U.S. federal withholding tax on payments to it from U.S. sources by virtue of compliance with the provisions of the Income Tax Convention between the United States and [name of Country] signed [date], [as amended]. Our fiscal year is the twelve months ending [________________]. The undersigned (a) is a [corporation] organized under the laws of [_______] whose [registered] business is managed or controlled in [_______], (b) [does not have a permanent establishment or fixed base in the United States] [does have a permanent establishment or fixed base in the United States but the above Agreement is not effectively connected with such permanent establishment or fixed base], (c) is not exempt from tax on the income in [_______] and (d) is the beneficial owner of the income. 

J- 2 
 We enclose herewith two copies of Form W-8BEN-E of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Yours faithfully, [NAME OF BANK] By: Title: cc: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

EXHIBIT K [FORM OF W-8ECI TAX LETTER] [To be sent in DUPLICATE and accompanied by TWO executed copies of Form W-8ECI of the Internal Revenue Service] [Bank s Letterhead] ______________, 20__ Deere Company One John Deere Place Moline, Illinois 61265 Attention: Treasurer John Deere Capital Corporation First National Bank Building 1 East First Street Reno, Nevada 89501 Attention: Manager [John Deere Bank S.A. 43, avenue John F. Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Attention:] Re: 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 with Deere Company, and John Deere Capital Corporation and John Deere Bank S.A. Ladies and Gentlemen: In connection with the above 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among Deere Company, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., the Banks parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, we hereby represent and warrant that [name of Bank, address] is a [corporation] and is entitled to exemption from U.S. federal withholding tax on payments to it under the Agreement by virtue of Section 1441(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of the United States of America and Treasury Regulation Section 1.1441-4(a) thereunder. 

K- 2 
 We enclose herewith two copies of Form W-8ECI of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Yours faithfully, [NAME OF BANK] By: Title: cc: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

EXHIBIT L [FORM OF REPLACEMENT BANK AGREEMENT] THIS AGREEMENT, dated as of _____, 20__ Agreement ), among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A. (the JD Luxembourg ____________ New Bank and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Existing Banks referred to below. W I T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS, the Company, the Capital Corporation, JD Luxembourg, the several financial institutions parties thereto (the Existing Banks ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent are parties to the 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021 (as the same may have been or may hereafter be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Credit Agreement terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined); WHEREAS, subsection 2.19 of the Credit Agreement provides that one or more financial institutions (which may be Existing Banks) may be added as a Bank or Banks for purposes of the Credit Agreement upon the cancellation of all or a portion of the Commitments pursuant to subsection 2.13(a), (b) or (c), 2.16(c) or 2.17(b) of the Credit Agreement or the expiration of all or a portion of the Commitments pursuant to subsection 2.16(b) of the Credit Agreement or upon a Defaulting Bank becoming a Cancelled Bank and the execution of an agreement in substantially the form of this Agreement; WHEREAS, the Borrowers have cancelled or there have expired an aggregate principal amount of Commitments equal to ______which have not heretofore been replaced (the Cancelled Commitments the Banks that are maintaining or have maintained the Cancelled Commitments being collectively referred to as Cancelled Banks such Cancelled Commitments being on the date hereof, or on the date of notice of cancellation hereof having been, utilized as follows: Principal Amount Last day of Interest Period I Unused Portion N/A II Committed Rate Loa ns Eurocurrency Loans 1 2 3 ABR Loans N/A III Bid Loans 1 2 3 IV Negotiated Rate Loans 

L- 2 
 1 2 3 
 WHEREAS, the cancellation of the Cancelled Commitments is effective in accordance with the Credit Agreement; and WHEREAS, [the Borrowers desire the New Bank to become, and the New Bank is agreeable, to becoming, a Bank for purposes of the Credit Agreement] [the New Bank is an Existing Bank and the Borrowers desire the New Bank to increase, and the New Bank is agreeable to increasing, its Commitment] on the terms contained herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Benefits of Agreement . The Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the New Bank hereby [agree that on and as of the date hereof the New Bank shall be] [confirm that the New Bank is] a Bank for all purposes and shall [continue to] be bound by and entitled to the benefits of the Credit Agreement [as if the New Bank had been named on the signature pages thereof], provided that the New Bank shall not assume and shall, except as herein provided, have no obligations in respect of any Loans outstanding on the date hereof and made by any [Existing Bank.] [Cancelled Bank.] 2. Commitment of New Bank . The Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the New Bank hereby agree that on and as of the dates set forth below the New Bank shall replace, as specified herein, _ (such percentage being referred to as the New Bank s Percentage of each utilization of the Cancelled Commitments [set forth in the third recital hereof] [set forth under the caption Committed Rate Loans ] and that the aggregate Commitment of the New Bank shall on and as of the date hereof be _____ . In connection therewith, the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the New Bank hereby agree as follows : (i) for purposes of determining such New Bank s pro rata share of each Committed Rate Loan borrowing advanced on or after the date hereof such Bank s Commitment shall be equal to [ same as above ]; (ii) the unused and available portion of such New Bank s Commitment shall be deemed utilized by its Percentage of the Committed Rate Loans made by the Cancelled Banks and listed in the third recital hereof. In furtherance thereof, the unused and available portion of such New Bank s Commitment shall, on the earlier of (x) the last day of each Interest Period specified for each outstanding Committed Rate Loan in the third recital hereof (and the payment in full to the Cancelled Banks of the principal thereof and accrued interest thereon) and (y) the prepayment of the principal of such Loans 
 As appropriate for New or Existing Banks. Insert amount equal to sum of New Bank s existing Commitment, if any, plus New Bank s Percentage of Cancelled Commitments. The following clauses (ii)-(iii) may be altered to reflect the agreements among the Cancelled Bank, the New Bank and the Borrowers provided such agreements do not adversely affect any Existing Bank or the Administrative Agent. 

L- 3 
 together with accrued interest thereon, automatically and without any further action by any party increase by an amount equal to the New Bank s Percentage of such Loan; and (iii) [(A)] [concurrently with the execution hereof the New Bank shall disburse to each Borrower in immediately available funds such amount as shall be necessary so that (x) the ratio which each Bank s outstanding ABR Loans bears to all of the outstanding ABR Loans and (y) the ratio which each Bank s outstanding SONIA Loans bears to all of the outstanding SONIA Loans, in each case equals the ratio which each Bank s Commitment (determined, for the New Bank, in accordance with clause (i) above) bears to all of the Commitments (determined, for the New Bank, in accordance with the immediately foregoing parenthetical);] [(B)] [on the last day of each Interest Period for each outstanding Eurocurrency Loan, automatically and without any further action by either Borrower, the New Bank shall disburse to each Borrower in immediately available funds such amounts as shall be necessary so that the ratio which each Bank s outstanding Eurocurrency Loans, bears to all of the outstanding Eurocurrency Loans, equals the ratio which each Bank s Commitment (determined, for the New Bank, in accordance with clause (i) hereof) bears to all of the Commitments (determined, for the New Bank, in accordance with the immediately foregoing parenthetical);] [(C)] [Funding of outstanding Bid Loans of Cancelled Banks] [(D)] [Funding of outstanding Negotiated Rate Loans of Cancelled Banks]. 3. Representation and Warranty of Borrowers . The Borrowers hereby represent and warrant that after giving effect to the provisions of paragraph 2 hereof the aggregate principal amount of the Commitments of all Banks (including, without limitation, the Commitment of the New Bank but excluding the cancelled or expired portion of the Commitments of the Cancelled Banks) under the Credit Agreement do not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the Commitments in effect immediately prior to the cancellation referred to in the third recital hereof. 4. Confidentiality . The New Bank agrees to [continue to] be bound by the provisions of subsection 10.7 of the Credit Agreement. [5. Taxes . The New Bank (i) represents to the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers that [it is incorporated under the laws of the United States or a state thereof][under applicable law and treaties no taxes will be required to be withheld by the Administrative Agent or the Borrowers with respect to any payments to be made to such New Bank in respect of the Loans], (ii) represents that it has furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers (A) [a statement that it is incorporated under the laws of the United States or a state thereof][a letter in duplicate in the form of Exhibit [J][K] to the Credit Agreement and two duly completed copies of United States Internal Revenue Service Form [W-8BEN-E] [W-8ECI] [successor applicable form], certifying that such New Bank is entitled to receive payments under the Credit Agreement without deduction or withholding of any United States federal income taxes], and (B) [an Internal Revenue Service Form [W-8BEN-E] [successor applicable form] to establish an exemption from United States backup withholding tax, and (iii) agrees to provide the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers a new Form [W-8BEN-E] and Form [W-8ECI], or successor applicable form or other manner of certification, on or before the date that any such letter or form expires or becomes obsolete or after the occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent letter and form 
 To be completed upon agreement of Borrowers and New Bank. 

L- 4 
 previously delivered by it, certifying in the case of a Form [W-8BEN-E] [W-8ECI] that it is entitled to receive payments under the Credit Agreement without deduction or withholding of any United States federal income tax, and in the case of a Form [W-8BEN-E] establishing exemption from United States backup withholding tax.] [5][6]. Miscellaneous . (a) This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts and all of the counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument and shall be effective only upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of all of the counterparts. (b) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 
 Use for non-Existing Banks. 

L- 5 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. DEERE COMPANY By: Title: JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: Title: JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: Title: [NAME OF NEW BANK] By: Title: [Address] Telephone: Facsimile: JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: Title: 

EXHIBIT M [FORM OF BID LOAN OR NEGOTIATED RATE LOAN NOTE] PROMISSORY NOTE __________ New York, New York ___________ __, 20__ FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, [DEERE COMPANY] [JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION], a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), hereby promises to pay on [insert maturity date or dates] to ________________ or registered assigns (the Bank at the office of [JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. located at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179 -- for Bid Loan Note] [Name and address of Bank -- for Negotiated Rate Loan Note], in lawful money of [the United States of America] and in immediately available funds, the principal sum of ______________[DOLLARS ____________)]. The undersigned further agrees to pay interest in like money at such office on the unpaid principal amount hereof from time to time from the date hereof [at the rate of ___ per annum -- for Bid Loan Note] [specify rate for Negotiated Rate Loan Note] (calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed) until the due date hereof (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration, or otherwise) and thereafter at the rates determined or agreed in accordance with subsection 2.2(e) of the 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021 (the Credit Agreement ), among the Borrower, [Deere Company] [John Deere Capital Corporation], John Deere Bank S.A., the Bank, the other financial institutions parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent. Interest shall be payable on _______________. This Note may be prepaid pursuant to the provisions of subsection 2.6 of the Credit Agreement. This Note is one of the [Bid] [Negotiated Rate Loan] Notes referred to in, is subject to and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement, which Credit Agreement, among other things, contains provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the occurrence of any one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Credit Agreement. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with their defined meanings unless otherwise defined herein. This Note shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. [DEERE COMPANY] [JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION] By: Title: 

EXHIBIT N FORM OF NEW BANK SUPPLEMENT SUPPLEMENT, dated _______ __, to the 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement (as in effect on the date hereof, the Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021, among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., the banks and other financial institutions from time to time party thereto (each a Bank , and together, the Banks ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent for the Banks, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent. Unless the context otherwise requires, all capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement. W I T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS, the Credit Agreement provides in subsection 2.20 thereof that any bank or financial institution, although not originally a party thereto, may become a party to the Credit Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof by executing and delivering to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent a supplement to the Credit Agreement in substantially the form of this New Bank Supplement; and WHEREAS, the undersigned was not an original party to the Credit Agreement but now desires to become a party thereto; NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned hereby agrees as follows: The undersigned agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and agrees that it shall, on the date this New Bank Supplement is accepted by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, become a Bank for all purposes of the Credit Agreement to the same extent as if originally a party thereto, with a Commitment of __________________. The undersigned (a) represents and warrants that it is legally authorized to enter into this New Bank Supplement; (b) confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 thereof and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this New Bank Supplement; (c) agrees that it has made and will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Bank and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement or any instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto; (d) appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as administrative agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under the Credit Agreement or any instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are incidental thereto; and (e) agrees that it will be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and will perform in accordance with its terms all the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Bank including, without limitation, its obligation pursuant to subsection 2.17(c), subsection 2.17(d) and subsection 2.17(e) of the Credit Agreement. 

N- 2 
 The undersigned s address for notices for the purposes of the Credit Agreement is as follows: _______________________ Attention:_______________ _______________________ _______________________ Fax:____________________ 

N- 3 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this New Bank Supplement to be executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer on the date first above written. [NAME OF NEW BANK] By: Title: Accepted this _____ day of ______________, 20__ DEERE COMPANY By: Title: JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: Title: JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: Title: Accepted this _____ day of ______________, 20__ JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: Title: 

EXHIBIT O FORM OF COMMITMENT INCREASE SUPPLEMENT SUPPLEMENT, dated _______ 20__, to the 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement (as in effect on the date hereof, the Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021, among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., the banks and other financial institutions from time to time party thereto (each a Bank , and together, the Banks ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent. Unless the context otherwise requires, all capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement. W I T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS, pursuant to the provisions of subsection 2.20 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned may increase the amount of its Commitment in accordance with the terms thereof by executing and delivering to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent a supplement to the Credit Agreement in substantially the form of this Supplement; and WHEREAS, the undersigned now desires to increase the amount of its Commitment under the Credit Agreement; NOW THEREFORE, the undersigned hereby agrees as follows: 1. The undersigned agrees, subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, that on the date this Supplement is accepted by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent it shall have its Commitment increased by ______________, thereby making the amount of its Commitment ______________. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Supplement to be executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer on the date first above written. [NAME OF BANK] By: Title: 

Accepted this _____ day of ______________, 20__ DEERE COMPANY By: Title: JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: Title: JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: Title: Accepted this _____ day of ______________, 20__ JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: Title: 

EXHIBIT P-1 FORM OF Certificate of Non-Bank Status (For Foreign Banks that Are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ), among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A. (the JD Luxembourg , and together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and each Bank from time to time party thereto. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten-percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (v) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned s conduct of a U.S. trade or business. The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. [NAME OF BANK] By:______________________________________ Name: Title: Date: [ ], 202[_] 

EXHIBIT P-2 
 FORM OF Certificate of Non-Bank Status (For Foreign Banks that Are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ), among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A. (the JD Luxembourg , and together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and each Bank from time to time party thereto. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Agreement, neither the undersigned nor any of its partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its partners/members is a ten-percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (v) none of its partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and (vi) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned s or its partners/members conduct of a U.S. trade or business. The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. [NAME OF BANK] By:______________________________________ Name: Title: Date: [ ], 202[_] 

EXHIBIT P-3 
 FORM OF Certificate of Non-Bank Status (For Non-U.S. Participants that Are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ), among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A. (the JD Luxembourg , and together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and each Bank from time to time party thereto. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten-percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and (v) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned s conduct of a U.S. trade or business. The undersigned has furnished its participating Bank with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Bank in writing and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Bank with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] By:______________________________________ Name: Title: Date: [ ], 202[_] 

FORM OF Certificate of Non-Bank Status (For Non-U.S. Participants that Are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the 2,500,000,000 2026 Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ), among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A. (the JD Luxembourg , and together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and each Bank from time to time party thereto. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its partners/members is a ten-percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (v) none of its partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and (vi) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned s or its partners/members conduct of a U.S. trade or business. The undersigned has furnished its participating Bank with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E from each of its partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Bank and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Bank with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] By:______________________________________ Name: Title: Date: [ ], 202[_] 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.36>
 11
 de-20211031xex10d36.htm
 EX-10.36

Exhibit 10.36 EXECUTION VERSION 
 FIRST aMENDMENT This First Amendment, dated as of October 15, 2021 (this Amendment ), to the 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement ), among (a) DEERE COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), (b) JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Capital Corporation ), (c) JOHN DEERE BANK S.A., a Luxembourg soci t anonyme JD Luxembourg , together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), (d) the several financial institutions parties thereto (the Banks ), (e) JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns, the Administrative Agent ), (f) CITIBANK, N.A., as documentation agent and (g) BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as syndication agent. W I T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Banks and the Administrative Agent are parties to the Existing Credit Agreement and the Borrowers have requested that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended as set forth herein (the Existing Credit Agreement, as so amended, the Credit Agreement WHEREAS, an Early Opt-in Election in respect of Pounds Sterling has occurred as a result of (i) a determination by the Company that at least five currently outstanding syndicated credit facilities documented in Pounds Sterling contain a new benchmark interest rate to replace the Relevant Rate in respect of Pounds Sterling and (ii) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Company to declare that an Early Opt-in Election has occurred with respect to Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling and the provision by the Administrative Agent and the Company of written notice of such election to the Banks; WHEREAS, the Company and the Administrative Agent desire to amend the Existing Credit Agreement to reflect the Benchmark Replacement with respect to Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, in accordance with clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1. Defined Terms . Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms are used herein as defined in the Credit Agreement. 
 SECTION 2. Amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3, the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended in accordance with Exhibit A hereto by deleting the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and by inserting the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text ), in each case in the place where such text appears therein; and 
 SECTION 3. Conditions to Effectiveness of this Amendment . This Amendment shall become effective on the date on which the following conditions precedent have been satisfied or waived (the date on which such conditions shall have been so satisfied or waived, the First Amendment Effective Date ): 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received a counterpart of this Amendment, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of each Borrower. 

- 2 - 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid, and all expenses (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of legal counsel) for which invoices have been presented at least 2 Business Days (or such later date as agreed to by the Borrowers) prior to the First Amendment Effective Date. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall not have received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth Business Day after the date notice of the Early Opt-in Election in respect of Pounds Sterling and the Benchmark Replacement in respect thereof is provided to the Banks, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-In Election and Benchmark Replacement from Banks comprising the Majority Banks. 
 
 SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties . On and as of the date hereof, the Borrowers hereby confirm, reaffirm and restate that, prior to and after giving effect to this Amendment (i) the representations and warranties made by the Borrowers in the Existing Credit Agreement or which are contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished by any Borrower at any time under the Existing Credit Agreement or in connection herewith shall be correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof as if made on and as of such date (except (i) that any representations and warranties which expressly relate to an earlier date shall be correct in all material respects as of such earlier date and (ii) that any representations and warranties which are already qualified by materiality shall be correct in all respects) and (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing on the date hereof. 
 SECTION 5. Continuing Effect; No Other Amendments or Consents . 
 
 (a) Except as expressly provided herein, all of the terms and provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement are and shall remain in full force and effect. The amendments provided for herein are limited to the specific subsections of the Existing Credit Agreement specified herein and shall not constitute a consent, waiver or amendment of, or an indication of the Administrative Agent s or the Banks willingness to consent to any action requiring consent under any other provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement or the same subsection for any other date or time period. Upon the effectiveness of the amendments set forth herein, on and after the First Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, the Agreement, hereunder, hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to Credit Agreement, thereunder, thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement. 
 (b) The Borrowers and the Administrative Agent acknowledge and agree that this Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document. 
 
 SECTION 6. Expenses . The Borrowers agree to pay and reimburse the Administrative Agent for all its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation and delivery of this Amendment, and any other documents prepared in connection herewith and the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and disbursements counsel to the Administrative Agent, in accordance with the terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 SECTION 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Amendment on any number of separate counterparts and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. A set of the copies of this Amendment signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent. Delivery of an executed 

- 3 - 
 counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Amendment, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided , further , without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Banks shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrowers without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Bank, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrowers hereby (i) agree that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Banks, and the Borrowers, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Amendment, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) the Administrative Agent and each of the Banks may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Amendment, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Amendment, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Amendment, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Indemnified Person for any Losses arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and/or any Bank s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Losses arising as a result of the failure of a Borrower to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature . 
 SECTION 8. Successors and Assigns . The provisions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that its submission of a signature page to this Amendment is irrevocable and binding on such party and its respective successors and assigns even if such signature page is submitted prior to the effectiveness of any amendment contained herein. 
 SECTION 9. Severability . Any provision of this Amendment held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

- 4 - 
 SECTION 10. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. DEERE COMPANY By: /s/ Andrew M. Recker Name: Andrew M. Recker Title: Assistant Treasurer JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: /s/ Andrew M. Recker Name: Andrew M. Recker Title: Assistant Treasurer JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: /s/ Andrew Traeger Name: Andrew Traeger Title: Member of the Board 
 By: /s/ Jeffrey A Trahan Name: Jeffrey A Trahan Title: VP Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Deere 364-Day Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: /s/ Sean Bodkin Name: Sean Bodkin Title: Vice President 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Deere 364-Day Credit Agreement] 

Exhibit A AMENDED CREDIT AGREEMENT [See attached] 

EXECUTION VERSION EXHIBIT A 
 DEERE COMPANY JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. ________________________________________ 3,000,000,000 364-DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT 1 Dated as of March 29, 2021 ________________________________________ JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent CITIBANK, N.A. , as Documentation Agent BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent ________________________________________ JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and BOFA SECURITIES, INC., as Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners 
 
 1 Conformed version reflects the First Amendment dated as of October 15, 2021. 

Table of Contents Page SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS 1 
 1.1 Defined Terms 1 
 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions 26 
 1.3 Currency Conversion 26 
 1.4 Interest Rates; LIBOR Notification 26 
 SECTION 2. THE COMMITTED RATE LOANS; THE BID LOANS; THE NEGOTIATED RATE LOANS; AMOUNT AND TERMS 27 
 2.1 The Committed Rate Loans 27 
 2.2 The Bid Loans; the Negotiated Rate Loans 28 
 2.3 Loan Accounts 32 
 2.4 Fees 32 
 2.5 Termination or Reduction of Commitments; Cancellation of Capital Corporation or JD Luxembourg as Borrower 32 
 2.6 Prepayments 33 
 2.7 Minimum Amount of Certain Loans 34 
 2.8 Committed Rate Loan Interest Rate and Payment Dates 34 
 2.9 Conversion and Continuation Options 35 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 35 
 2.11 Inability to Determine Interest Rate 35 
 2.12 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments 38 
 2.13 Requirements of Law 40 
 2.14 Indemnity 44 
 2.15 Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent 44 
 2.16 Extension of Termination Date 45 
 2.17 Indemnified Taxes 46 
 2.18 Confirmations 49 
 2.19 Replacement of Cancelled Banks 49 
 2.20 Commitment Increases 49 
 2.21 [Reserved] 51 
 2.22 [Reserved] 51 
 2.23 Defaulting Banks 51 
 2.24 Judgment Currency 52 
 2.25 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate 52 
 2.26 [Reserved]. 52 
 2.27 Capital Corporation Guaranty 52 
 SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 54 
 3.1 Financial Condition 54 
 3.2 Corporate Existence 54 
 3.3 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations 54 
 3.4 No Legal Bar 55 
 3.5 No Material Litigation 55 
 3.6 Taxes 55 
 3.7 Margin Regulations 55 
 3.8 Use of Proceeds 55 
 3.9 Sanctions Laws and Regulations 55 

 i 

3.10 Beneficial Ownership Certification 55 
 SECTION 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 56 
 4.1 Conditions to Initial Loan 56 
 4.2 Conditions to All Loans 57 
 SECTION 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 57 
 5.1 Financial Statements 58 
 5.2 Certificates; Other Information 58 
 5.3 Company Indenture Documents 59 
 5.4 Capital Corporation Indenture Documents 59 
 5.5 Notice of Default 59 
 5.6 Ownership of Capital Corporation and JD Luxembourg Stock 59 
 5.7 Employee Benefit Plans 59 
 5.8 Compliance 59 
 SECTION 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY 60 
 6.1 Company May Consolidate, etc., Only on Certain Terms 60 
 6.2 Limitation on Liens 60 
 6.3 Limitations on Sale and Lease-back Transactions 63 
 6.4 Equipment Operations Debt 63 
 SECTION 7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF THE CAPITAL CORPORATION 63 
 7.1 Fixed Charges Ratio 64 
 7.2 Consolidated Senior Debt to Consolidated Capital Base 64 
 7.3 Limitation on Liens 64 
 7.4 Consolidation; Merger 65 
 SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 65 
 SECTION 9. THE AGENTS 67 
 9.1 Appointment 67 
 9.2 Delegation of Duties 68 
 9.3 Exculpatory Provisions 68 
 9.4 Reliance by Agents 68 
 9.5 Notice of Default 70 
 9.6 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Banks 70 
 9.7 Indemnification 70 
 9.8 Agents in their Individual Capacities 71 
 9.9 Successor Agents 71 
 SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS 71 
 10.1 Amendments and Waivers 71 
 10.2 Notices 72 
 10.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 73 
 10.4 Payment of Expenses 74 
 10.5 Successors and Assigns; Participations; Purchasing Banks 75 
 10.6 Adjustments 79 
 10.7 Confidentiality 79 
 10.8 Counterparts 80 
 10.9 GOVERNING LAW 81 

 ii 

10.10 Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process 81 
 10.11 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL 81 
 10.12 USA Patriot Act 81 
 10.13 No Fiduciary Duty 82 
 10.14 Headings 82 
 10.15 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 82 
 10.16 Bank ERISA Representations 83 
 SCHEDULES: Schedule I Terms of Subordination Schedule II Commitments EXHIBITS: Exhibit A Form of Borrowing Notice Exhibit B Form of Bid Loan Request Exhibit C Form of Bid Loan Offer Exhibit D Form of Bid Loan Confirmation Exhibit E Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit F [Reserved] Exhibit G Form of Opinion of General Counsel to the Company Exhibit H Form of Opinion of Special New York Counsel to the Borrowers Exhibit I Form of Extension Request Exhibit J Form of Form W-8BEN-E Tax Letter Exhibit K Form of Form W-8ECI Tax Letter Exhibit L Form of Replacement Bank Agreement Exhibit M Form of Promissory Note Exhibit N Form of New Bank Supplement Exhibit O Form of Commitment Increase Supplement Exhibit P Form of Certificate of Non-Bank Status 
 iii 

1 

CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of March 29, 2021, among (a) DEERE COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), (b) JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Capital Corporation ), (c) JOHN DEERE BANK S.A., a Luxembourg soci t anonyme JD Luxembourg ), (d) the several financial institutions parties hereto (collectively, the Banks , and individually, a Bank ), (e) JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as administrative agent hereunder (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns, the Administrative Agent ), (f) CITIBANK, N.A., as documentation agent hereunder (in such capacity, the Documentation Agent ), and (g) BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as syndication agent hereunder (in such capacity, the Syndication Agent ). The parties hereto hereby agree as follows: SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS 1.1 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: 
 ABR : at any particular date, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) 0.5 per annum above the NYFRB Rate and (c) the Eurocurrency Rate for a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars with one-month Interest Period commencing on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1 provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, such Eurocurrency Rate for any date shall be based on the LIBOR Screen Rate (or if the LIBOR Screen Rate is not available for such one-month Interest Period, the LIBOR Interpolated Rate)). Any change in ABR due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Eurocurrency Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Eurocurrency Rate, respectively. If the ABR is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to subsection 2.11 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to subsection 2.11(b)), then the ABR shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. ABR Loans : Committed Rate Loans at such time as they are made and/or being maintained at a rate of interest based upon the ABR. Absolute Rate Bid Loan : any Bid Loan made pursuant to an Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request. Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request : any Bid Loan Request requesting the Banks to offer to make Bid Loans at an absolute rate (as opposed to a rate composed of the Applicable Index Rate plus (or minus a margin). Act : as defined in subsection 10.12. Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA : an interest rate per annum equal to (a) Daily Simple SONIA, plus (b) 0.0326 ; provided that if Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA as so determined would be less than 0.0 , such rate shall be deemed to be equal to 0.0 for the purposes of this Agreement. Administrative Agent : as defined in the preamble hereto. It is understood that matters concerning the Foreign Currency Loans will be administered by the Foreign Currency Agent as agent for the Administrative Agent. 

2 

Administrative Questionnaire : an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. Affected Financial Institution : (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affected Foreign Currency : as defined in subsection 2.11(a). Agent : the Administrative Agent, the Foreign Currency Agent, the Syndication Agent, or the Documentation Agent, as the context shall require; together, the Agents . Agreement : this Credit Agreement , as amended by the First Amendment and as further amended, supplemented or modified from time to time. Agreement Currency : as defined in subsection 2.24(b). Ancillary Document : as defined in subsection 10.8. Anti-Corruption Laws : all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. Applicable Creditor : as defined in subsection 2.24(b). Applicable Index Rate : in respect of any Bid Loan requested pursuant to an Index Rate Bid Loan Request, the Eurocurrency Rate applicable to the Interest Period for such Bid Loan. Applicable Margin : (a) with respect to ABR Loans, the rate per annum set forth below for ABR Loans in the column corresponding to the Prevailing Rating of the Company and , (b) with respect to Eurocurrency Loans, the rate per annum set forth below for Eurocurrency Loans in the column corresponding to the Prevailing Rating of the Company and (c) with respect to SONIA Loans, the rate per annum set forth below for SONIA Loans in the column corresponding to the Prevailing Rating of the Company : 

Level I Rating Level II Rating Level III Rating Level IV Rating Level V Rating ABR Loans 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.25 Eurocurrency Loans 0.625 0.75 0.875 1.00 1.25 SONIA Loans 0.625 0.75 0.875 1.00 1.25 
 Attributable Debt : as defined in subsection 6.2(b)(ii). Australian Dollars : the lawful currency of Australia. Available Commitment : as to any Bank at any time, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) such Bank s Commitment then in effect over (b) such Bank s Loans then outstanding. 

3 

Available Tenor : as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark in respect of Loans denominated in such Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period with respect to Loans denominated in the applicable Currency pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (f) of subsection 2.11. Bail-In Action : the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation : (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Bank and Banks : as defined in the preamble hereto. Benchmark : initially, with respect to a any (i) SONIA Loan, Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA or (ii) Eurocurrency Loan denominated in any Currency, the Relevant Rate for such Currency ; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark with respect to Loans denominated in such Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) or clause (c) of subsection 2.11. Benchmark Replacement : for any Available Tenor with respect to Loans denominated in any Currency, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date ; provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in (3) below : (1) the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; (2) the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; (3) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor with respect to Loans denominated in such Currency giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen 

4 

or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; provided further that, solely with respect to a Loan denominated in Dollars, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, to the extent that a Term SOFR Transition Event has occurred, and a Term SOFR Notice has been delivered, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the Benchmark Replacement shall revert to and shall be deemed to be the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as set forth in clause (1) of this definition (subject to the first proviso above). If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1), (2) or (3) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment : with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with respect to Loans denominated in any Currency with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement: (1) for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent: (a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and (2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency at such time; provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes : with respect to any Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any Currency, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR, the definition of Business Day, the definition of SONIA Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of 

5 

determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion (in consultation with the Company) may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines (in consultation with the Company) is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Benchmark Replacement Date : with respect to the Benchmark for any Loan denominated in any Currency, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; or (3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term SOFR Notice is provided to the Banks and the Company pursuant to Section 2.11(c); or (4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Banks, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Banks, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Banks comprising the Majority Banks. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event : with respect to the Benchmark for any Loan denominated in any Currency, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 

6 

publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Unavailability Period : with respect to the Benchmark for any Loan denominated in any Currency, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with subsection 2.11 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with subsection 2.11. Beneficial Ownership Certificati on : a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Beneficial Ownership Regulation : 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. benefitted Bank : as defined in subsection 10.6. Bid Loan : each loan (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) made pursuant to subsection 2.2; the aggregate amount advanced by a Bid Loan Bank pursuant to subsection 2.2 on each Borrowing Date shall constitute one Bid Loan, or more than one Bid Loan if so specified by the relevant Loan Assignee in its request for promissory notes pursuant to subsection 10.5(c). Bid Loan Banks : the collective reference to each Bank designated from time to time as a Bid Loan Bank by the Company or the Capital Corporation (for purposes of Bid Loans to such Borrower) by written notice to the Administrative Agent and which has not been removed as a Bid Loan Bank by such Borrower by written notice to the Administrative Agent (each of which notices the Administrative Agent shall transmit to each such affected Bank). 

7 

Bid Loan Confirmation : each confirmation by the Company or the Capital Corporation of its acceptance of Bid Loan Offers, which Bid Loan Confirmation shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit D and shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent by facsimile transmission or by telephone, immediately confirmed by facsimile transmission. Bid Loan Offer : each offer by a Bid Loan Bank to make Bid Loans pursuant to a Bid Loan Request, which Bid Loan Offer shall contain the information specified in Exhibit C and shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent by facsimile transmission or by telephone, immediately confirmed by facsimile transmission. Bid Loan Request : each request by the Company or the Capital Corporation for Bid Loan Banks to submit bids to make Bid Loans, which shall contain the information in respect of such requested Bid Loans specified in Exhibit B and shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent by facsimile transmission or by telephone, immediately confirmed by facsimile transmission. Board : the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). Borrower : the Company, the Capital Corporation or JD Luxembourg; collectively, the Borrowers . Borrowing Date : in respect of any Loan, the date such Loan is made. Business Day : a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to close; provided , that (a) with respect to notices and determinations in connection with, and payments of principal and interest on, Eurocurrency Loans, such day is also a day for trading by and between banks in Dollar deposits in the interbank eurocurrency market in London, (b) when used in connection with a Foreign Currency Loan, a SONIA Loan or any other dealings in Pounds Sterling (in each case, other than in connection with any calculation or determination of interest rate in respect of a SONIA Loan), the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which commercial banks in London are authorized or required by law to close and any day on which banks are authorized or required by law to be closed in the principal financial center for that currency and , (c in relation to any calculation or determination of interest rate in respect of a SONIA Loan, Business Day shall mean a SONIA Business Day and (d when used in connection with Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Euros, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET) (or, if such clearing system ceases to be operative, such other clearing system (if any) determined by the Foreign Currency Agent to be a suitable replacement) is not open for settlement of payment in Euros. Calculation Date : with respect to each Foreign Currency, the last day of each calendar quarter (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) and such other days from time to time as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably designate as a Calculation Date provided , that the second Business Day preceding each Borrowing Date with respect to, and preceding each date of any borrowing, conversion or continuation of, any Foreign Currency Loan shall also be a Calculation Date with respect to the relevant Foreign Currency . ; provided further that with respect to any SONIA Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) shall also be a Calculation Date . 

8 

Calendar Quarter : a three-month period consisting of (i) each January, February and March, (ii) each April, May and June, (iii) each July, August and September or (iv) each October, November and December. Canadian Dollars : the lawful currency of Canada. Cancelled Bank : (i) any Bank that has the whole or any part of its Commitment cancelled under subsection 2.13(a), (b) or (c), subsection 2.16(c) or subsection 2.17(b) or the Commitment of which has expired under subsection 2.16(a) and (ii) any Defaulting Bank that the Company designates in writing to such Bank and the Administrative Agent as a Cancelled Bank. Capital Corporation : as defined in the preamble hereto. CBR Loan : a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate. CBR Spread : the Applicable Margin, applicable to such Loan that is replaced by a CBR Loan. Central Bank Rate : (a) the greater of (i) for any Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time and (ii) 0.00 ; plus (b) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment. Central Bank Rate Adjustment : for any day, for any Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA for the five most recent SONIA Business Days preceding such day for which SONIA was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA applicable during such period of five SONIA Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Pounds Sterling in effect on the last SONIA Business Day in such period. For purposes of this definition, the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (b) of the definition of such term. Certificate of Non-Bank Status : a certificate substantially in the form and substance of Exhibit P. Closing Date : the date on which each of the conditions precedent specified in subsection 4.1 shall have been satisfied (or compliance therewith shall have been waived by the Majority Banks hereunder). Code : the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Code of Conduct : as defined in subsection 3.9. Commitment : as to any Bank, the amount set opposite such Bank s name on Schedule II or in any assignment pursuant to which such Bank becomes a party hereto with respect to any interest purchased therein, as such amount may be modified as provided herein; collectively, as to all Banks, the Commitments . Commitment Expiration Date : as defined in subsection 2.16(a). 

9 

Commitment Fee Rate : the rate per annum set forth below in the column corresponding to the Prevailing Rating of the Company: Level I Rating Level II Rating Level III Rating Level IV Rating Level V Rating 0.03 0.035 0.04 0.06 0.10 
 Commitment Increase Notice : as defined in subsection 2.20(a). Commitment Increase Supplement : as defined in subsection 2.20(c). Commitment Percentage : as to any Bank at any time, the percentage which such Bank s Commitment at such time constitutes of all the Commitments at such time or, at any time after the Commitments shall have expired or terminated, the percentage which the aggregate principal amount of such Bank s Loans then outstanding constitutes of the aggregate principal amount of all Loans then outstanding; collectively, as to all the Banks, the Commitment Percentages provided that when a Defaulting Bank shall exist, Commitment Percentage shall mean, when appropriate as determined by the Administrative Agent in order to provide ratable treatment at any time a Defaulting Bank exists (and without increasing the Commitment of any Bank), the percentage of the total Commitments (disregarding any Defaulting Bank s Commitment) represented by such Bank s Commitment. Commitment Period : as to any Bank at any time, the period from and including the Closing Date to but not including the Termination Date of such Bank or such earlier date on which the Commitments shall terminate as provided herein. Committed Rate Loans : each loan made pursuant to subsection 2.1. Commonly Controlled Entity : in relation to a Borrower, an entity, whether or not incorporated, which is under common control with such Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code. Company : as defined in the preamble hereto. Consolidated Capital Base : at a particular time for the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries, the sum of (a) the amount shown opposite the item Total Stockholders Equity on the consolidated balance sheet of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries plus (b) all indebtedness of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries for borrowed money subordinated (on terms no less favorable to the Administrative Agent and the Banks than the terms of subordination set forth on Schedule I) to the indebtedness which may be incurred hereunder by the Capital Corporation, provided that the sum of clauses (a) and (b) hereof as at the end of a fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of a fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) shall be determined by reference to the publicly available consolidated balance sheet of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter and after such adjustments, if any, as may be required so that the sum of the amounts referred to in clauses (a) and (b) is determined in accordance with GAAP. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with subsection 7.2, adjustments resulting from any accumulated other comprehensive income as reflected on the most recent publicly available consolidated balance sheet of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of any fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of any 

10 

fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) shall be deemed not to be included in Consolidated Capital Base. Consolidated Net Worth : as defined in subsection 6.2(b)(ii). Consolidated Senior Debt : at a particular time for the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries, indebtedness for borrowed money other than any indebtedness for borrowed money that is subordinated, on terms no less favorable to the Administrative Agent and the Banks than the terms of subordination set forth on Schedule I, to the indebtedness which may be incurred hereunder by the Capital Corporation, provided that the amount of such indebtedness for borrowed money (other than such subordinated indebtedness) as at the end of a fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of a fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) shall be determined by reference to the publicly available consolidated balance sheet of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter and after such adjustments, if any, as may be required so that such amount is determined in accordance with GAAP. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with subsection 7.2, indebtedness for borrowed money in respect of any Securitization Indebtedness shall be deemed not included in Consolidated Senior Debt. Contractual Obligation : as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. Corresponding Tenor : with respect to any Available Tenor, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. Credit Rating : as of any date, (a) as to any Person, the rating assigned to the relevant long term senior unsecured (and non-credit enhanced) Debt obligations of such Person by Moody s, S P or Fitch, in each case as of the close of business on such date and (b) if no rating for such Debt described in clause (a) is available, the corporate credit rating of such Person as announced by Moody s, S P or Fitch, in each case as of the close of business on such date. Currency : any Dollars and any Foreign Currency. Daily Simple SOFR : for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for business loans; provided that, if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. Daily Simple SONIA : for any day (a SONIA Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to (a) SONIA for the day that is five SONIA Business Days (such fifth SONIA Business Day determined pursuant to each of subclauses (i) and (ii), the SONIA Lookback Day prior to (i) if such SONIA Interest Day is a SONIA Business Day, such SONIA Interest Day or (ii) if such SONIA Interest Day is not a SONIA Business Day, the SONIA Business Day immediately preceding such SONIA Interest Day or (b) if SONIA is not available for the SONIA Lookback Day determined pursuant to clause (a) above, by 5:00 p.m., London time on any day of determination of Daily Simple SONIA, then Daily Simple SONIA for such day will be SONIA as published in respect of the first preceding SONIA Business Day prior to the SONIA Lookback Day for which SONIA was published on the SONIA 

11 

Administrator s Website; provided that Daily Simple SONIA determined pursuant to this clause (b) shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SONIA for no more than three consecutive SONIA Interest Days and thereafter subsection 2.11(a) shall govern. Any change in Daily Simple SONIA due to a change in SONIA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SONIA without notice to the Borrower. Deal Year : as defined in subsection 2.16(c). Debt : as defined in subsection 6.2. Default : any of the events specified in Section 8, whether or not any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, or any other condition, event or act has been satisfied. Defaulting Bank : any Bank that has (a) failed to fund any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date required to be funded by it hereunder, unless such Bank has notified the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that such failure is the result of such Bank s good faith determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding has not been satisfied; (b) notified the Company, the Administrative Agent, any Bank in writing that it does not intend to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit; (c) failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent, to confirm that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund prospective Loans; provided that such Bank shall cease to be a Defaulting Bank pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower; (d) otherwise failed to pay over to the Administrative Agent or any other Bank any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within three Business Days of the date when due, unless the subject of a good faith dispute; or (e) (i) become or is insolvent or has a parent company that has become or is insolvent, (ii) become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee or custodian appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or has a parent company that has become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee or custodian appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or (iii) become or has a parent company that has become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Bank shall not be a Defaulting Bank solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Bank or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Bank with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Bank (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Bank. If any Bank shall become a Defaulting Bank, the Company shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving written notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, notwithstanding subsection 2.12(b), to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable to such Bank pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee or other amount payable to such Bank hereunder and/or, upon giving not less than three Business Days notice to such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank. Designated Person : a Person 

12 

(i) listed in the annex to, or otherwise the subject of the provisions of, any Executive Order; (ii) named as a Specially Designated National and Blocked Person on the most current list published by OFAC at its official website or any replacement website or other replacement official publication of such list (each, an SDN ), or is otherwise the subject of any Sanctions Laws and Regulations; or (iii) in which an SDN has a controlling interest of 50 or greater ownership interest. Dividing Person : as defined in the definition of Division. Division : the statutory division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement) pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. Division Successor : any person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or substantially all of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. Documentation Agent : as defined in the preamble hereto. Dollar Equivalent : at any time as to any amount denominated in a Foreign Currency, the equivalent amount in Dollars as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent at such time on the basis of the Exchange Rate for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency on (a) in the case of a determination made pursuant to subsection 2.11(g), the date of such conversion and (b) in the case of any other determination, the most recent Calculation Date for such Foreign Currency. Dollar Loan : any Committed Rate Loan denominated in Dollars. Dollars and : dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America. Domestic Bank : any Bank organized under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia. Early Opt-in Election : (a) in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, the occurrence of: (1) a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Company to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Company to trigger a fallback from the Eurocurrency Rate for Loans denominated in Dollars and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Banks; and 

13 

(b) in the case of Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency, the occurrence of: (1) (i) a determination by the Administrative Agent or the Company (as notified to the Administrative Agent) or (ii) a notification by the Majority Banks to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Borrowers that the Majority Banks have determined that at least five currently outstanding syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Foreign Currency at such time contain (as a result of an amendment or as originally executed) a new benchmark interest rate to replace the Relevant Rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review); and (2) (i) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Company or (ii) the election by the Majority Banks to declare that an Early Opt-in Election has occurred with respect to Loans denominated in such applicable Foreign Currency and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Borrowers and the Banks, by the Company of written notice of such election to the Administrative Agent or by the Majority Banks of written notice of such election to the Administrative Agent . EEA Financial Institution : (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country : any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority : any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Electronic Signature : an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. EMU : the Economic and Monetary Union as contemplated in the Treaty. Equipment Operations : those business segments of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries that are primarily engaged in the manufacture and distribution of equipment, parts and related attachments. Equipment Operations Debt : at a particular time, the sum of short-term and long-term indebtedness for borrowed money that is or would be shown on a balance sheet of Equipment Operations (with Financial Services reflected only on an equity basis), which balance sheet was or would be prepared on the basis of the most recent publicly available consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of any fiscal year of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries). ERISA : the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 

14 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule : the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. Euro : the single currency of Participating Member States of the EMU introduced in accordance with the provisions of Article 123 of the Treaty and, in respect of all payments to be made under this Agreement in Euro, means immediately available, freely transferable funds in such currency. Eurocurrency Loans : Committed Rate Loans at such time as they are made and/or being maintained at a rate of interest based upon a Eurocurrency Rate. Eurocurrency Rate : (a) with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan and for each Index Rate Bid Loan, denominated in Dollars or any relevant Foreign Currency, other than Canadian Dollars, Australian Dollars, New Zealand Dollars and , Euros and Pounds Sterling , the London interbank offered rate as administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for such Currency for a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on page LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters Screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrowers; in each case, the LIBOR Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 A.M., Local Time, two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period (or, in the case of any Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, on the first day of such Interest Period) ; provided that, if the LIBOR Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (a LIBOR Impacted Interest Period with respect to the relevant Currency, then the Eurocurrency Rate shall be the LIBOR Interpolated Rate at such time. LIBOR Interpolated Rate means, at any time, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the LIBOR Screen Rate for the longest period (for which that LIBOR Screen Rate is available in the relevant Currency) that is shorter than the LIBOR Impacted Interest Period and (b) the LIBOR Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which that LIBOR Screen Rate is available for the relevant Currency) that exceeds the LIBOR Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time. (b) with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the average rate for bankers acceptances as administered by Thomson Reuters Benchmark Services Limited (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on page CDOR of the Reuters Screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen or service that displays such rate, or other appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected from time to time by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrowers; in each case, the CDOR Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 A.M., Local Time, on the first day of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent); provided , that, if the CDOR Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (a CDOR Impacted Interest Period with respect to Canadian Dollars, then the Eurocurrency Rate for Canadian Dollars shall be the CDOR Interpolated Rate at such time. CDOR Interpolated Rate means, at any time, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the CDOR Screen Rate for the longest period (for which that CDOR Screen Rate is available in Canadian Dollars) that is shorter than the CDOR Impacted Interest Period and (b) the CDOR Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which that CDOR Screen Rate is available for Canadian Dollars) that exceeds the CDOR Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time. 

15 

(c) with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Australian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the average bid reference rate as administered by the Australian Financial Markets Association (or any other Person that takes over the administration of that rate) for Australian Dollar bills of exchange with a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period (or as close to such Interest Period as possible), displayed on page BBSY of the Reuters Screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen or service that displays such rate, or other appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected from time to time by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrowers; in each case, the BBSY Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 A.M., Local Time, two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent); provided , that, if the BBSY Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period, the Administrative Agent may substitute for such rate with an alternative published interest rate reasonably acceptable to the applicable Borrower (or other rate basis agreed by the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent, including interpolation in a manner consistent with paragraphs (a) and (b) above). (d) with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in New Zealand Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the average bid reference rate as administered by the New Zealand Financial Markets Association (or any other Person that takes over the administration of that rate) for New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange with a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period (or as close to such Interest Period as possible), displayed on page BKBM of the Reuters Screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen or service that displays such rate, or other appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected from time to time by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrowers; in each case, the BKBM Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 A.M., Local Time, on the first day of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent); provided , that, if the BKBM Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period, the Administrative Agent may substitute such rate with an alternative published interest rate reasonably acceptable to the applicable Borrower (or other rate basis agreed by the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent, including interpolation in a manner consistent with paragraphs (a) and (b) above). (e) with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on page on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen or service that displays such rate, or other appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected from time to time by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrowers; in each case, the EURIBOR Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m., Local Time, two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period; provided , that, if the EURIBOR Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period, the Administrative Agent may substitute such rate with an alternative published interest rate reasonably acceptable to the applicable Borrower (or other rate basis agreed by the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent, including interpolation in a manner consistent with paragraphs (a) and (b) above). Notwithstanding the above, in no event shall the Eurocurrency Rate be less than zero. 

16 

Event of Default : any of the events specified in Section 8, provided that any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, or any other condition, event or act has been satisfied. Exchange Rate : on any day, the rate at which the starting Currency may be exchanged into the other relevant Currency, as set forth at approximately 10:00 A.M., Local Time, on such date on the Reuters World Spots page for such starting Currency. In the event that such rate does not appear on any Reuters World Spots page, the Exchange Rate shall be determined by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent. Exposure : (a) with respect to an Objecting Bank at any time, the aggregate amount of such Bank s Loans then outstanding and (b) with respect to any other Bank at any time, the Commitment of such Bank then in effect or, if the Commitments have been terminated, the amount of such Bank s Loans then outstanding. Extension Request : each request by the Borrowers made pursuant to subsection 2.16 for the Banks to extend this Agreement, which shall contain the information in respect of such extension specified in Exhibit I and shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent in writing. FATCA : Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (and any comparable successor provisions), any effective regulations published thereunder or official interpretations thereof issued by any Governmental Authority charged with the administration thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any applicable intergovernmental agreements with respect thereto, and any treaty, law, regulations, or other official guidance enacted in any other jurisdiction relating to such intergovernmental agreement. Federal Funds Effective Rate : on any particular date, the rate set forth for such date or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day, opposite the caption Federal Funds (Effective) in the weekly statistical release designated as H.15(519) (or any successor publication) published by the Board or, if such rate is not so published for such date, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds dealers of recognized standing selected by it; provided that in no event shall the Federal Funds Effective Rate be less than zero. Federal Reserve Board : the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. Financial Services : the businesses of the Company (including the credit businesses) that are not primarily engaged in Equipment Operations. First Amendment : the First Amendment to this Agreement, dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date. First Amendment Effective Date : October 26, 2021. Fitch : Fitch Ratings Inc. Fixed Charges : for any particular period for the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries, all of the Capital Corporation s and its consolidated Subsidiaries consolidated interest on indebtedness for borrowed money, amortization of discounts of indebtedness for borrowed money, the portion of rentals under financing leases deemed to represent interest and rentals under 

17 

operating leases; provided , that, notwithstanding the foregoing, consolidated interest on Securitization Indebtedness and amortization of Securitization Indebtedness shall be deemed not included in Fixed Charges; provided , further , that such amounts (but not any amounts constituting consolidated interest on, or amortization of, Securitization Indebtedness) for a fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of a fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) shall be determined by reference to the publicly available consolidated statement of income of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries for or covering such fiscal quarter and after such adjustments, if any, as may be required so that such amounts are determined in accordance with GAAP. Floor the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Eurocurrency Rate , Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA or the Central Bank Rate, as applicable . Foreign Bank : any Bank that is not a Domestic Bank. Foreign Currency : (a) Euros, Pounds Sterling, Australian Dollars and Canadian Dollars, (b) upon the earlier of (i) confirmation by Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch to the Administrative Agent that it (or a branch or affiliate thereof) can fund in New Zealand Dollars and (ii) Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch ceasing to be a Bank hereunder, New Zealand Dollars and (c) as agreed by the Administrative Agent, any other Currency which is freely traded and convertible into Dollars in the London interbank market and for which the Dollar Equivalent thereof can be calculated from time to time. Foreign Currency Agent : J.P. Morgan AG, or any successor appointed pursuant to this Agreement. Foreign Currency Equivalent : at the time of determination or conversion thereof, as applicable, as to any amount denominated or expressed in Dollars, the equivalent amount in the applicable Foreign Currency as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent at such time on the basis of the Exchange Rate for the purchase of such Foreign Currency with Dollars on such date. Foreign Currency Loan : each Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency. GAAP : generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as applied in the preparation of financial statements of the Company or the Capital Corporation, respectively, as of the fiscal year ended November 1, 2020, except with respect to capital lease obligations, in which case the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as applied in the preparation of financial statements of the Company or the Capital Corporation, respectively, as of January 1, 2015 shall apply. Governmental Authority : any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government. Hedging Transaction : any swap transaction, interest rate protection agreement (including any interest rate swap, interest cap or collar or any other interest rate hedging device entered into by the Capital Corporation or one or more of its Subsidiaries), option agreement, short or long position in equity or debt instruments, commodities, futures and forward transactions, 

18 

outperformance agreement or other similar transaction, agreement or arrangement entered into by the Capital Corporation or one or more of its Subsidiaries. IBA : has the meaning assigned to such term in subsection 1.4. Important Property : (a) any manufacturing plant, including land, all buildings and other improvements thereon, and all manufacturing machinery and equipment located therein, owned and used by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary primarily for the manufacture of products to be sold by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, (b) the executive office and administrative building of the Company in Moline, Illinois, and (c) research and development facilities, including land and buildings and other improvements thereon and research and development machinery and equipment located therein, in each case, owned and used by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; except in any case property of which the aggregate fair value as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company does not at the time exceed 1 of Consolidated Net Worth. Increasing Bank : as defined in subsection 2.20(c). Indemnified Person : as defined in subsection 10.4(b). Indemnified Taxes : as defined in subsection 2.17(a). Index Debt : any senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced long-term debt issued by the Company. Index Rate Bid Loan : any Bid Loan made at an interest rate based upon the Applicable Index Rate. Index Rate Bid Loan Request : any Bid Loan Request requesting the Banks to offer to make Index Rate Bid Loans at an interest rate equal to the Applicable Index Rate plus (or minus a margin. Interest Payment Date : (a) as to any ABR Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing on the first of such days to occur after such ABR Loan is made or a Eurocurrency Loan is converted to an ABR Loan, (b) as to any Eurocurrency Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable thereto, provided that as to any Eurocurrency Loan in respect of which a Borrower has selected an Interest Period of greater than three months, interest shall also be paid on the day which is three months after the beginning of such Interest Period and , (c) as to any SONIA Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing Date of such Loan (or if there is no numerically corresponding day in such later month, then the last day of such month) and (d) the Termination Date. Interest Period : (a) with respect to any Eurocurrency Loan, the period commencing on the Borrowing Date, the date any ABR Loan is converted to a Eurocurrency Loan or the date any Eurocurrency Loan is continued as a Eurocurrency Loan, as the case may be, with respect to such Eurocurrency Loan and ending one, two (so long as a two-month Interest Period is published and available), three or six months thereafter in the case of any Eurocurrency Loan denominated in any Currency other than Canadian Dollars (or, with the consent of all relevant Banks, twelve months thereafter, or a period of less than one month thereafter if all relevant Banks consent to such period), or thirty, sixty, or ninety days thereafter in the case of any Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, as selected by a Borrower in its notice of borrowing, conversion or continuance as provided in subsection 2.1(c) or 2.9; 

19 

(b) with respect to any Bid Loan, the period commencing on the Borrowing Date with respect to such Bid Loan and ending on the date not less than seven days nor more than six months thereafter, as specified by a Borrower in its Bid Loan Request as provided in subsection 2.2(b); and (c) with respect to any Negotiated Rate Loan, the period or periods commencing on the Borrowing Date with respect to such Negotiated Rate Loan or the last day of any Interest Period with respect thereto and ending on the dates as shall be mutually agreed upon between the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank; provided , that all of the foregoing provisions relating to Interest Periods are subject to the following: (i) if any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan or an Index Rate Bid Loan would otherwise end on a day which is not a Working Day, that Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Working Day unless the result of such extension would be to carry such Interest Period into another calendar month in which event such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Working Day; 
 (ii) if any Interest Period pertaining to a Negotiated Rate Loan or an Absolute Rate Bid Loan would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day, that Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day; 
 (iii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Loan having an Interest Period of one, two (so long as a two-month Interest Period is published and available), three or six months or an Index Rate Bid Loan having an Interest Period of one, two, three, four, five or six months, that begins on the last Working Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Working Day of a calendar month; 
 (iv) Interest Periods shall be deemed available only if the Required Banks shall not have advised the Administrative Agent that the Eurocurrency Rate determined by the Administrative Agent on the basis of the applicable quotes will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Banks of maintaining or funding their Committed Rate Loans bearing interest based on the Eurocurrency Rate determined for such Interest Period. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrowers and each Bank promptly after having been advised by the Required Banks that a Eurocurrency Rate will not so adequately and fairly reflect such Banks costs as aforesaid. If a requested Interest Period shall be unavailable in accordance with the foregoing sentence, the proposed Borrower may (A) in accordance with the provisions (including any requirements for notification) of subsection 2.1 request, at its option, that the requested Committed Rate Loans denominated in Dollars be made or maintained as ABR Loans or (B) withdraw the request for such Committed Rate Loans for which the Interest Period was unavailable by giving notice of such election to the Administrative Agent in accordance with subsection 2.11; provided , that if the Administrative Agent does not receive any notice hereunder with respect to requested Committed Rate Loans denominated in Dollars, such Borrower shall be deemed to have requested ABR Loans; 
 (v) with respect to Loans made by an Objecting Bank, no Interest Periods with respect to such Loans shall end after such Objecting Bank s Commitment Expiration Date; and 
 (vi) no Interest Period shall end after the Termination Date. 
 
 IRS : as defined in subsection 2.17(c). 

20 

ISDA Definitions : the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. JD Luxembourg : as defined in the preamble hereto. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. : JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national association. Judgment Currency : as defined in subsection 2.24. Level : Level I Rating, Level II Rating, Level III Rating, Level IV Rating or Level V Rating, as the context shall require. Level I Rating : as of any date, such Level shall apply if the Company s assigned Credit Rating as of such date is Aa3 or higher by Moody s, AA- or higher by S P and AA- or higher by Fitch. Level II Rating : as of any date, such Level shall apply if the Company s assigned Credit Rating as of such date is A1 by Moody s, A+ by S P and A+ by Fitch. Level III Rating : as of any date, such Level shall apply if the Company s assigned Credit Rating as of such date is A2 by Moody s, A by S P and A by Fitch. Level IV Rating : as of any date, such Level shall apply if the Company s assigned Credit Rating as of such date is A3 by Moody s, A- by S P and A- by Fitch. Level V Rating : as of any date, such Level shall apply if the Company s assigned Credit Rating as of such date is below A3 by Moody s, below A- by S P and below A- by Fitch. LIBOR Screen Rate : as defined in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate. Loan Account : as defined in subsection 2.3; collectively, the Loan Accounts . Loan Assignees : as defined in subsection 10.5(c). Loan Assignment : an Assignment and Assumption, substantially in the form of Exhibit E. Loan Documents : this Agreement, including schedules and exhibits hereto, and the Notes. Loans : the collective reference to the Committed Rate Loans, the Bid Loans and the Negotiated Rate Loans. Local Time : (a) in the case of Foreign Currency Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, Toronto, Ontario time, (b) in the case of Foreign Currency Loans denominated in Australian Dollars, Sydney, Australia time, (c) in the case of Foreign Currency Loans denominated in New Zealand Dollars, Wellington, New Zealand time, (d) in the case of Foreign Currency Loans denominated in Euros, Brussels time, (e) in the case of all other Foreign Currency Loans, London time and (f) in all other cases, New York time. 

21 

Losses : as defined in subsection 10.4(b). Luxembourg Obligations : the collective reference to the unpaid principal of and interest on the Loans made to JD Luxembourg and all other obligations and liabilities of JD Luxembourg (including, without limitation, interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided herein after the maturity of such Loans and interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided herein after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to JD Luxembourg, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding) to the Administrative Agent or any Bank, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which may arise under, out of, or in connection with, this Agreement or any other document made, delivered or given in connection with any of the foregoing, in each case whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses or otherwise (including, without limitation, all fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent or to the Banks that are required to be paid by JD Luxembourg pursuant to the terms of any of the foregoing agreements). Majority Banks : at any particular time, Banks having Commitment Percentages aggregating more than fifty percent; provided that (a) at any time after the termination of all the Commitments, Majority Banks shall mean Banks holding Loans aggregating more than fifty percent in principal amount of all outstanding Loans and (b) at any time after the Commitment Expiration Date with respect to any Objecting Bank (but prior to the termination of all the Commitments), Majority Banks shall mean Banks whose Exposure aggregates more than fifty percent of the aggregate Exposure of all the Banks. Margin Stock : as defined in Regulation U of the Board. Moody s : Moody s Investor Service, Inc. Mortgage : as defined in subsection 6.2. Negotiated Rate Loan : each Loan made to the Company or the Capital Corporation by a Bank pursuant to a Negotiated Rate Loan Request in such principal amount, for such number of Interest Periods (subject to the proviso to the definition of Interest Period in this subsection 1.1) and having such interest rate(s) and repayment terms as shall, in each case, be mutually agreed upon between such Borrower and such Bank. Negotiated Rate Loan Request : each request by the Company or the Capital Corporation for a Bank to make Negotiated Rate Loans, which shall be delivered to such Bank in writing, by facsimile transmission, or by telephone, immediately confirmed in writing, and which shall specify the amount to be borrowed and the proposed Borrowing Date. Net Earnings Available for Fixed Charges : for any particular period for the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries, the sum of (i) consolidated net earnings of the Capital Corporation and such Subsidiaries for such period without deduction of Fixed Charges and without deduction of federal, state or other income taxes, provided that such net earnings for a fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of a fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) shall be determined by reference to the publicly available statement of income of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries for or covering such fiscal quarter and after such adjustments, if any, as may be required so that such net earnings are determined in accordance with GAAP, except that earned investment tax credits may be included as revenue in the consolidated income statement of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated 

22 

Subsidiaries, rather than as an offset against the provision for income taxes and (ii) Support Payments received by the Capital Corporation in or in respect of such period. New Bank : as defined in subsection 2.20(b). New Bank Supplement : as defined in subsection 2.20(b). New Zealand Dollars : the lawful currency of New Zealand. Non-Qualifying Bank : as defined in subsection 2.17(e). Notes : the collective reference to any promissory note evidencing Loans. NYFRB : the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. NYFRB Rate : for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided , further , that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. Objecting Banks : as defined in subsection 2.16(a). Offered Increase Amount : as defined in subsection 2.20(a). Overnight Bank Funding Rate : for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurodollar borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. Overnight Rate : for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the Federal Funds Effective Rate, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in a Foreign Currency, at a rate reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be the cost to it of funding such amounts. Participant Register : as defined in subsection 10.5(b). Participants : as defined in subsection 10.5(b). Participating Member State : any member state of the European Community that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union. Payment : as defined in subsection 9.4(b). Payment Notice : as defined in subsection 9.4(b). Person : an individual, partnership, corporation, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever 

23 

nature, provided that for purposes of subsection 8(h), Person shall also include two or more entities acting as a syndicate or any other group for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of securities of the Company. Plan : any pension plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA and in respect of which either Borrower or a Commonly Controlled Entity is an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. Pounds or or Pounds Sterling : the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. Prevailing Rating : at any date of determination, the Level then applicable; provided that for purposes of determining the applicable Level when the assigned Credit Ratings of the Company by all three Ratings Agencies do not fall within the same Level: (i) if the Credit Ratings of the Company assigned by S P and Moody s fall within the same Level, the Prevailing Rating shall be such Level, (ii) if the Credit Ratings of the Company assigned by S P and Moody s do not fall within the same Level and the ratings differential is one Level, the Prevailing Rating shall be determined solely by reference to the higher of (x) the Credit Rating of the Company assigned by S P and (y) the Credit Rating of the Company assigned by Moody s and (iii) if the Credit Ratings of the Company assigned by S P and Moody s do not fall within the same Level and the ratings differential is more than one Level, the Prevailing Rating shall be the Level one notch lower than the Level determined solely by reference to the higher of (x) the Credit Rating of the Company assigned by S P and (y) the Credit Rating of the Company assigned by Moody s. Prime Rate : the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. Purchasing Banks : as defined in subsection 10.5(d). Ratings Agencies : S P, Moody s and Fitch. Re-Allocation Date : as defined in subsection 2.20(e). Reference Time : with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Eurocurrency Rate with respect to Loans denominated in Dollars or Pounds Sterling , 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London banking days preceding the date of such setting, and (2) if such Benchmark is SONIA, then four SONIA Business Days prior to such setting and (3) otherwise, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. Register : as defined in subsection 10.5(e). Relevant Governmental Body : (a) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto and , (b with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto and (c with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency (other than Pounds Sterling) , (i) the central bank 

24 

for the Foreign Currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the Foreign Currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. Relevant Rate : with respect to (i) any Eurocurrency Loan denominated in any Currency, the Eurocurrency Rate applicable thereto and (ii) any Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA . Report Period : as defined in subsection 2.18. Reportable Event : any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations thereunder. Required Banks : at a particular time, Banks having Commitment Percentages aggregating at least 66-2/3 ; provided that (a) at any time after the termination of all the Commitments, Required Banks means Banks holding Loans aggregating at least 66-2/3 in principal amount of all outstanding Loans and (b) at any time after the Commitment Expiration Date with respect to any Objecting Bank (but prior to the termination of all the Commitments), Required Banks means Banks whose Exposure aggregates at least 66-2/3 of the aggregate Exposure of all the Banks. Requirement of Law : as to any Person, the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation, or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Reserves : as defined in subsection 2.13(c). Resolution Authority : an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Responsible Officer : of a Borrower, the Chairman, the President, any Executive, Senior or other Vice President, the Treasurer, any Assistant Secretary and any Assistant Treasurer of such Borrower. Restricted Margin Stock : any Margin Stock, the sale, pledge or other disposition of which by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is in any way restricted by an arrangement with any Bank or any affiliate thereof to the extent that the value thereof (determined in accordance with Regulation U of the Board) does not exceed 25 of the value (determined in accordance with such Regulation U) of all the assets subject to such restriction. Restricted Subsidiary : any Subsidiary of the Company incorporated in the United States of America or Canada (a) which is engaged in, or whose principal assets consist of property used by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in, the manufacture of products within the United States of America or Canada or in the sale of products principally to customers located in the United States of America or Canada except any corporation which is a retail dealer in which the Company has, directly or indirectly, an investment, or (b) which the Company shall designate as a Restricted Subsidiary in an 

25 

officers certificate signed by two Responsible Officers of the Company and delivered to the Administrative Agent. S P : Standard and Poor s Financial Services LLC. Sale and Lease-back Transaction : as defined in subsection 6.3. Sanctions Laws and Regulations : (i) any sanctions, prohibitions or requirements imposed by any executive order (an Executive Order or by any sanctions program administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), the U.S. State Department Directorate of Defense Trade Controls or the U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security; and (ii) any sanctions measures imposed by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or the United Kingdom. Screen Rate : the LIBOR Screen Rate, the CDOR Screen Rate, the EURIBOR Screen Rate, the BBSY Screen Rate and/or the BKBM Screen Rate, as applicable. Securitization Indebtedness : the aggregate outstanding indebtedness for borrowed money, owner trust certificates (however classified) or credit enhancements incurred in connection with transactions involving (i) the sale, transfer or other disposition of receivables or leases (retail or wholesale) by the Capital Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) the issuance of commercial paper, medium term notes or any other form of financing by any structured bankruptcy-remote Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation or any related conduit lender (such transactions, Securitizations ), provided , that the aggregate outstanding credit enhancements in the form of cash or letter(s) of credit provided by the Capital Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any structured bankruptcy-remote Subsidiary) in excess of 10 of the aggregate outstanding indebtedness for borrowed money and owner trust certificates (however classified) incurred in connection with such Securitizations shall not be deemed for the purposes of this Agreement to be Securitization Indebtedness, but shall be deemed for purposes of subsection 7.2 to be Consolidated Senior Debt. Significant Subsidiary : of a Borrower, any Subsidiary of such Borrower the assets, revenues or net worth of which is, at the time of determination, equal to or greater than ten percent of the assets, revenues or net worth, respectively, of such Borrower at such time. SOFR : with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website at approximately 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding Business Day. SOFR Administrator : the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Administrator s Website : the NYFRB s website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

26 

SONIA : with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. SONIA Administrator : the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). SONIA Administrator s Website : the Bank of England s website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. SONIA Borrowing : as to any borrowing, the SONIA Loans comprising such borrowing. SONIA Business Day : for any Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London. SONIA Interest Day : has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SONIA . SONIA Loan : a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA. SONIA Lookback Day : has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SONIA . Subsidiary : of a Person, a corporation or other entity of which securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than securities or other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other Persons performing similar functions are at the time directly or indirectly owned by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or by such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person. Support Payments : payments from the Company to the Capital Corporation made pursuant to that certain Support Agreement, dated as October 15, 1996, by and between the Company and the Capital Corporation, as amended by the First Amended Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2003, between the Company and the Capital Corporation. Syndication Agent : as defined in the preamble hereto. Termination Date : the date which is 364 days after the Closing Date or such later date as shall be determined pursuant to the provisions of subsection 2.16 with respect to non-Objecting Banks. Term Out Option : as defined in subsection 2.1(d). Term SOFR : for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. Term SOFR Notice : a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Banks and the Borrowers of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. 

27 

Term SOFR Transition Event : the determination by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with subsection 2.11 that is not Term SOFR. Total Commitments : at any time, the aggregate amount of the Commitments then in effect. Total Stockholders Equity : at a particular time, the total stockholders equity, exclusive of adjustments resulting from any accumulated other comprehensive income of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of any fiscal quarter (including the last quarter of any fiscal year) as determined in accordance with GAAP. Transferees : as defined in subsection 10.5(g). Transfer Effective Date : the effective date of an assignment of Loans or Commitments under a Loan Assignment. Treaty : the Treaty establishing the European Economic Community, being the Treaty of Rome of March 25, 1957, as amended by the Single European Act 1987, the Maastricht Treaty (which was signed at Maastricht on February 7, 1992 and came into force on November 1, 1993), the Amsterdam Treaty (which was signed at Amsterdam on October 2, 1997 and came into force on May 1, 1999) and the Nice Treaty (which was signed on February 26, 2001), each as amended from time to time and as referred to in legislative measures of the European Union for the introduction of, changeover to or operating of the Euro in one or more member states. Type : as to any Committed Rate Loan, its nature as an ABR Loan , SONIA Loan or Eurocurrency Loan. UK Financial Institution : any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any Person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority : the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement : the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. Withholding Agent : any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be. Working Day : any Business Day on which dealings in foreign currencies and exchange between banks may be carried on in London, England and New York, New York. Write-Down and Conversion Powers : (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion 

28 

powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that Person or any other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions . (a) All terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto. 
 (b) As used herein and in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto, accounting terms relating to any Borrower and its Subsidiaries not defined in subsection 1.1, and accounting terms partly defined in subsection 1.1 to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP. 
 (c) The words hereof , herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section, subsection, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 
 (d) Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries in this Agreement shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the relevant Borrower. 
 1.3 Currency Conversion . 
 (a) If more than one currency or currency unit are at the same time recognized by the central bank of any country as the lawful currency of that country, then (i) any reference in the Agreement to, and any obligations arising under the Agreement in, the general currency of that country (as opposed to a reference to a specific country) shall be translated into or paid in the currency or currency unit of that country designated by the Administrative Agent (with the Borrowers consent, which shall not unreasonably be withheld) and (ii) any such translation from one currency or currency unit to another of any country shall be at the official rate of exchange recognized by the central bank for conversion of that currency or currency unit into the other, rounded up or down, as applicable, at least to the fifth decimal place. 
 (b) If a change in any currency of a country occurs, this Agreement shall be amended (and each party hereto agrees to enter into any supplemental agreement necessary to effect any such amendment) to the extent that the Administrative Agent determines (with the Borrowers consent, which shall not unreasonably be withheld) such amendment to be necessary to reflect the change in currency and to put the Bank in the same position, so far as possible, that they would have been in if no change in currency had occurred. 
 1.4 Interest Rates; LIBOR Notification . The interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars and certain Foreign Currencies may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Regulators have signaled the need to use alternative benchmark reference rates for some of these interest rate benchmarks and, as a result, such interest rate benchmarks may cease to comply with applicable laws and regulations, may be permanently discontinued, and/or the basis on which they are calculated may change. The London interbank offered rate is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. In July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct 

29 

Authority announced that, after the end of 2021, it would no longer persuade or compel contributing banks to make rate submissions to the ICE Benchmark Administration (together with any successor to the ICE Benchmark Administrator, the IBA for purposes of the IBA setting the London interbank offered rate. As a result, it is possible that commencing in 2022, the London interbank offered rate may no longer be available or may no longer be deemed an appropriate reference rate upon which to determine the interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans. In light of this eventuality, public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of the London interbank offered rate. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-In Election with respect to any applicable Currency, subsection 2.11(b) and (c) provide a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower, pursuant to subsection 2.11(e), of any change to the reference rate upon which the interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans is based. However, the Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to Daily Simple SONIA, the London interbank offered rate or other rates in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including, without limitation, (i) any such alternative, successor or replacement rate implemented pursuant to subsection 2.11(b) or (c), whether upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to subsection 2.11(d)), including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate for any Currency will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA, the Eurocurrency Rate or applicable Screen Rate for Loans denominated in such Currency or have the same volume or liquidity as did the London interbank offered rate (or the euro interbank offered rate, as applicable) prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA, any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain SONIA or Daily Simple SONIA, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrowers, any Bank or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. SECTION 2. THE COMMITTED RATE LOANS; THE BID LOANS; THE NEGOTIATED RATE LOANS; AMOUNT AND TERMS 2.1 The Committed Rate Loans . (a) During the Commitment Period, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Bank severally agrees to make loans (individually, a Committed Rate Loan to each Borrower in Dollars or in any Foreign Currency from time to time; provided that (i) after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount of such Bank s Loans outstanding does not exceed the amount of such Bank s Commitment and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Loans does not exceed the Total Commitments. During the Commitment Period, each Borrower may use the Commitments by borrowing, repaying and reborrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. 
 (b) The Committed Rate Loans may be either (i) Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars or any Foreign Currency (other than Pounds Sterling) , (ii) ABR Loans denominated in Dollars or , (iii SONIA Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling or (iv a combination thereof as determined by the 

30 

relevant Borrower; provided that the Foreign Currency Loans shall be Eurocurrency Loans or SONIA Loans . 
 (c) Each Borrower may borrow Committed Rate Loans on any Working Day, if the borrowing is of Eurocurrency Loans or SONIA Loans , or on any Business Day, if the borrowing is of ABR Loans; provided , however , that a Responsible Officer of such Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice thereof, which notice must be received by the Administrative Agent (i) prior to 12:00 Noon, New York City time, three Working Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars, (ii) prior to 12:00 Noon, Local Time, four Working Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Foreign Currency Loans, (iii) prior to 12:00 Noon, New York City time, on the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of ABR Loans requested by the Company or Capital Corporation, and (iv) prior to 12:00 Noon, London time, on the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of ABR Loans requested by JD Luxembourg. Each such notice shall be given in writing or by facsimile transmission substantially in the form of Exhibit A (with appropriate insertions) or shall be given by telephone (specifying the information set forth in Exhibit A) promptly confirmed by notice given in writing or by facsimile transmission substantially in the form of Exhibit A (with appropriate insertions). On the day of receipt of any such notice from a Borrower, the Administrative Agent (or Foreign Currency Agent) shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. Each Bank will make the amount of its share of each borrowing available to the Administrative Agent in the applicable Currency for the account of such Borrower at the office of the Administrative Agent set forth in subsection 10.2 at 11:00 A.M. (or 2:00 P.M., in the case of ABR Loans requested pursuant to clause (iii) above), Local Time, on the Borrowing Date requested by such Borrower in funds immediately available to the Administrative Agent as the Administrative Agent may direct. The proceeds of all such Committed Rate Loans will be made available promptly to such Borrower by the Administrative Agent at the office of the Administrative Agent specified in subsection 10.2 by crediting the account of such Borrower on the books of such office of the Administrative Agent with the aggregate of the amount made available to the Administrative Agent by the Banks and in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent. 
 (d) All Committed Rate Loans made to a Borrower shall be repaid in full by such Borrower on or before the Termination Date; provided , that Committed Rate Loans made by Objecting Banks shall be repaid as provided in subsection 2.16(b). Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to subsection 2.16, the Borrowers, in their sole discretion, may elect to repay Loans of Banks, which are outstanding on the Termination Date on which the Commitments of such Banks terminate, on or before the first anniversary of the Termination Date rather than on such Termination Date Term Out Option ). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Borrower s obligation to repay its Committed Rate Loans and pay the interest accrued thereon is a several obligation. 
 (e) JD Luxembourg appoints the Capital Corporation as its agent to make all borrowing requests on its behalf, to receive the proceeds of Loans and make payments in respect of Loans and otherwise act on behalf of JD Luxembourg under this Agreement. 
 (f) Each Bank may, at its option, make any Loan available to any Borrower by causing any foreign or domestic branch or affiliate of such Bank to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option (i) shall not affect the obligation of such Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (ii) shall not result in any adverse consequences to the Borrowers. 
 2.2 The Bid Loans; the Negotiated Rate Loans . (a) The Company and the Capital Corporation may borrow Bid Loans or Negotiated Rate Loans denominated in Dollars from time to time on any Business Day (in the case of Bid Loans made pursuant to an Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request), any Working Day (in the case of Bid Loans made pursuant to an Index Rate Bid Loan Request) or, in the case of Negotiated Rate Loans, on such days as shall be mutually agreed upon between the relevant 

31 

Borrower and the applicable Bank, in each case during the Commitment Period and in the manner set forth in this subsection 2.2 and in amounts such that the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of Loans at any time outstanding shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments at such time. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Bid Loans and/or Negotiated Rate Loans made by any Bank may at any time (but shall not be required to) exceed the Commitment of such Bank so long as the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Loans does not at any time exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments. (b) (i) The Company and the Capital Corporation shall request Bid Loans or Negotiated Rate Loans by delivering (A) in the case of an Index Rate Bid Loan, a Bid Loan Request to the Administrative Agent, c/o JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01, Newark, Delaware 19713-2107, United States, Attention: Loan Agency Services Group, Telephone: (302) 634-9770, Facsimile: (302) 634-4733, Email: harmeet.kaur@chase.com, not later than 12:00 Noon (New York City time) four Working Days prior to the proposed Borrowing Date, (B) in the case of an Absolute Rate Bid Loan, a Bid Loan Request to the Administrative Agent at the address set forth in clause (A) of this subsection 2.2(b)(i) not later than 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) one Business Day prior to the proposed Borrowing Date or (C) in the case of a Negotiated Rate Loan, a Negotiated Rate Loan Request to any Bank at such time as the applicable Borrower and the applicable Bank shall agree. Each Bid Loan Request may solicit bids for Bid Loans in an aggregate principal amount of 25,000,000 or an integral multiple of 5,000,000 in excess thereof and for not more than three alternative Interest Periods for such Bid Loans. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bid Loan Bank by facsimile transmission or by telephone, immediately confirmed by facsimile transmission, of the contents of each Bid Loan Request received by it. 
 (ii) In the case of an Index Rate Bid Loan Request, upon receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent of the contents of such Bid Loan Request, any Bid Loan Bank that elects, in its sole discretion, to do so, shall irrevocably offer to make one or more Bid Loans at the Applicable Index Rate plus or minus a margin for each such Bid Loan determined by such Bid Loan Bank, in its sole discretion. Any such irrevocable offer shall be made by delivering a Bid Loan Offer to the Administrative Agent at the address set forth in clause (i)(A) above before 10:30 A.M. (New York City time) three Working Days before the proposed Borrowing Date, setting forth the maximum amount of Bid Loans for each Interest Period, and the aggregate maximum amount for all Interest Periods, which such Bank would be willing to make and the margin above or below the Applicable Index Rate at which such Bid Loan Bank is willing to make each such Bid Loan. The Administrative Agent shall advise the relevant Borrower before 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) three Working Days before the proposed Borrowing Date of the contents of each such Bid Loan Offer received by it. If the Administrative Agent in its capacity as a Bid Loan Bank shall, in its sole discretion, elect to make any such offer, it shall advise such Borrower of the contents of its Bid Loan Offer before 10:15 A.M. (New York City time) three Working Days before the proposed Borrowing Date. 
 (iii) In the case of an Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request, upon receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent of the contents of such Bid Loan Request, any Bid Loan Bank that elects, in its sole discretion, to do so, shall irrevocably offer to make one or more Bid Loans at a rate or rates of interest for each such Bid Loan determined by such Bid Loan Bank in its sole discretion. Any such irrevocable offer shall be made by delivering a Bid Loan Offer to the Administrative Agent at the address set forth in clause (i)(A) of this subsection 2.2(b) before 9:30 A.M. (New York City time) on the proposed Borrowing Date, setting forth the maximum amount of Bid Loans for each Interest Period, and the aggregate maximum amount for all Interest Periods, which such Bid Loan Bank would be willing to make and the rate or rates of interest at which such Bid Loan Bank is willing to make each such Bid Loan. The Administrative Agent shall advise the relevant Borrower before 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the 

32 

proposed Borrowing Date of the contents of each such Bid Loan Offer received by it. If the Administrative Agent in its capacity as a Bid Loan Bank shall, in its sole discretion, elect to make any such offer, it shall advise such Borrower of the contents of its Bid Loan Offer before 9:15 A.M. (New York City time) on the proposed Borrowing Date. 
 (iv) The relevant Borrower shall before 11:30 A.M. (New York City time) three Working Days before the proposed Borrowing Date (in the case of Bid Loans requested by an Index Rate Bid Loan Request) and before 10:30 A.M. (New York City time) on the proposed Borrowing Date (in the case of Bid Loans requested by an Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request) either, in its absolute discretion: 
 (A) cancel such Bid Loan Request by giving the Administrative Agent telephone notice to that effect, or 
 (B) accept one or more of the offers made by any Bid Loan Bank or Bid Loan Banks pursuant to clause (ii) or clause (iii) of this subsection 2.2(b), as the case may be, by giving telephone notice to the Administrative Agent (immediately confirmed by delivery to the Administrative Agent at the address set forth in clause (i)(A) of this subsection 2.2(b) of a Bid Loan Confirmation) of the amount of Bid Loans for each relevant Interest Period to be made by each Bid Loan Bank (which amount shall be equal to or less than the maximum amount for such Interest Period specified in the Bid Loan Offer of such Bid Loan Bank, and for all Interest Periods included in such Bid Loan Offer shall be equal to or less than the aggregate maximum amount specified in such Bid Loan Offer for all such Interest Periods) and reject any remaining offers made by Bid Loan Banks pursuant to clause (ii) or clause (iii) above, as the case may be; provided , however , that (x) such Borrower may not accept offers for Bid Loans for any Interest Period in an aggregate principal amount in excess of the maximum principal amount requested for such Interest Period in the related Bid Loan Request, (y) if such Borrower accepts any such offers, it must accept offers strictly based upon pricing (starting with the lowest pricing) for such relevant Interest Period and upon no other criteria whatsoever and (z) if two or more Bid Loan Banks submit offers for any Interest Period at identical pricing and such Borrower accepts any of such offers but does not wish to borrow the total amount offered by such Bid Loan Banks with such identical pricing, such Borrower shall accept offers from all of such Bid Loan Banks in amounts allocated among them pro rata according to the amounts offered by such Bid Loan Banks (or as nearly pro rata as shall be practicable, after giving effect to the requirement that Bid Loans made by a Bid Loan Bank on a Borrowing Date for each relevant Interest Period shall be in a principal amount of 5,000,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, it being agreed that to the extent that it is not possible to make allocations in accordance with the provisions of this clause (z) such allocations shall be made in accordance with the instructions of such Borrower, it being understood that in no event shall any Bank be obligated to make any Bid Loan in a principal amount less than 5,000,000). 
 (v) If such Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that a Bid Loan Request is cancelled pursuant to clause (iv)(A) of this subsection 2.2(b), the Administrative Agent shall give prompt telephone notice thereof to the Bid Loan Banks, and the Bid Loans requested thereby shall not be made. 
 (vi) (A) If such Borrower accepts pursuant to clause (iv)(B) of this subsection 2.2(b) one or more of the offers made by any Bid Loan Bank or Bid Loan Banks pursuant to a Bid Loan Request, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify by telephone each Bid Loan Bank which has made such an offer of the aggregate amount of such Bid Loans to be made on such Borrowing Date for each Interest Period and of the acceptance or rejection of any offers to make such Bid Loans made by such Bid Loan Bank. Each Bid Loan Bank which is to make a Bid Loan pursuant to a Bid Loan Request shall, before 12:00 Noon (New York City time) on the Borrowing Date specified in the Bid Loan Request 

33 

applicable thereto, make available to the Administrative Agent at its office set forth in subsection 10.2 the amount of Bid Loans to be made by such Bid Loan Bank, in immediately available funds. The Administrative Agent will make such funds available to such Borrower as soon as practicable on such date at the Administrative Agent s aforesaid address. 
 (B) If such Borrower and any Bank agree to the terms of a Negotiated Rate Loan to be made on a Borrowing Date pursuant to a Negotiated Rate Loan Request, such Borrower and such Bank shall promptly notify by telephone the Administrative Agent of the aggregate amount of Negotiated Rate Loans to be made on such Borrowing Date and the respective Interest Periods therefor. Each Bank which is to make a Negotiated Rate Loan shall, at such time, on such Borrowing Date and at such location as shall be mutually agreed upon between such Borrower and such Bank, make available to such Borrower the amount of Negotiated Rate Loans to be made by such Bank, in immediately available funds. 
 (C) As soon as practicable after each Borrowing Date for Bid Loans and Negotiated Rate Loans, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Bank of the aggregate amount of Bid Loans or Negotiated Rate Loans advanced pursuant to a Bid Loan Request or Negotiated Rate Loan Request on such Borrowing Date and the respective Interest Periods therefor. 
 (c) Within the limits and on the conditions set forth in this subsection 2.2, the Company and the Capital Corporation may from time to time borrow under this subsection 2.2, repay pursuant to paragraph (d) below, and reborrow under this subsection 2.2. 
 (d) The Company or the Capital Corporation, as applicable, shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Bid Loan Bank (or the Loan Assignee in respect thereof, as the case may be) which has made a Bid Loan to such Borrower on the last day of the Interest Period for each Bid Loan (such Interest Period being that specified by such Borrower for repayment of such Bid Loan in the related Bid Loan Request) the then unpaid principal amount of such Bid Loan. Each Borrower shall repay to each Bank which has made a Negotiated Rate Loan to such Borrower (or the Loan Assignee in respect thereof, as the case may be) the principal thereof as agreed by such Borrower and such Bank. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Borrower s obligation to repay its Bid Loans and Negotiated Rate Loans is a several obligation. 
 (e) Each Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Bid Loan and each Negotiated Rate Loan borrowed by such Borrower from the applicable Borrowing Date to the stated maturity date thereof, in the case of a Bid Loan, at the rate of interest determined pursuant to paragraph (b) of this subsection 2.2, and, in the case of a Negotiated Rate Loan, as agreed by such Borrower and the relevant Bank (calculated on the basis of a 360 day year for actual days elapsed), payable on the interest payment date or dates (i) specified by such Borrower for such Bid Loan in the related Bid Loan Request and (ii) mutually agreed upon between such Borrower and such Bank in the case of Negotiated Rate Loans, provided that as to any Bid Loan in respect of which the stated maturity date is more than three months after such Borrowing Date, interest shall also be paid on the day which occurs three months after such Borrowing Date. If all or a portion of the principal amount of any Bid Loan shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), such overdue principal amount shall, without limiting any rights of any Bank under this Agreement, bear interest from the date on which such payment was due at a rate per annum which is 1 above the rate which would otherwise be applicable to such Bid Loan until the scheduled maturity date with respect thereto and for each day thereafter at a rate per annum which is 1 above the ABR until paid in full (as well after as before judgment). If all or any portion of the principal amount of any Negotiated Rate Loan shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), such overdue principal amount shall, without limiting any rights of any Bank under this Agreement, bear interest from 

34 

the date on which such payment was due at a rate per annum as shall be mutually agreed upon between the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Borrower s obligation to pay the interest accrued on its Bid Loans and Negotiated Rate Loans is a several obligation. 
 (f) After the first Bid Loan Request has been given hereunder, no Bid Loan Request or Negotiated Rate Loan Request shall be given until at least one Business Day, in the case of an Absolute Rate Bid Loan Request, or one Working Day, in the case of an Index Rate Bid Loan Request, after the earliest to occur of (i) the Borrowing Dates with respect to all prior Bid Loan Requests made pursuant to subsection 2.2(b)(i), (ii) the date on which all Bid Loan Banks have failed to submit Bid Loan Offers with respect to any Bid Loan Requests within the time specified in subsection 2.2(b)(ii) or (iii), as the case may be, and (iii) the date on which the relevant Borrower has cancelled all prior Bid Loan Requests pursuant to subsection 2.2(b)(iv). 
 2.3 Loan Accounts . Each Bank, with respect to its Committed Rate Loans, Bid Loans and Negotiated Rate Loans, and the Administrative Agent, with respect to all Committed Rate Loans, Negotiated Rate Loans and Bid Loans, shall open and maintain in the name of each Borrower loan accounts (as to each Bank, its Loan Account applicable to such Borrower) on its books and records setting forth the amounts of principal, interest and other sums paid and payable by such Borrower from time to time hereunder in respect of such Loans, and the obligation of such Borrower to pay or repay, as the case may be, such amounts to such Bank shall be evidenced by such Bank s Loan Account. In case of any dispute, action or proceeding relating to any Committed Rate Loan, Bid Loan or Negotiated Rate Loan, the entries in such records shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information set forth therein. In case of discrepancy between the entries in the Administrative Agent s books and records and any Bank s, the entries in the Administrative Agent s books and records shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information set forth therein. 
 2.4 Fees . (a) The Company and the Capital Corporation jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Bank a commitment fee from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the date on which the Commitment of such Bank terminates hereunder, computed at a per annum rate equal to the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily amount of the Available Commitment of such Bank in effect during the period for which payment is made, payable quarterly in arrears on the first Business Day of each January, April, July and October of each year and on the Termination Date or such earlier date on which the Commitments shall terminate as provided herein, commencing in July, 2021. 
 (b) The Company and the Capital Corporation jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account any fees with respect to this Agreement set forth in the letter agreement dated February 2, 2021 from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to the Borrowers. 
 (c) The Company and the Capital Corporation jointly and severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account all other fees payable to the Administrative Agent as the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent shall mutually agree from time to time. 
 (d) If a Borrower elects the Term Out Option for any Banks on any Termination Date, such Borrower agrees to pay on such Termination Date a fee for the account of each such Bank equal to 0.75 of the amount of the Loans of each such Bank outstanding as of the applicable Termination Date. 
 2.5 Termination or Reduction of Commitments; Cancellation of Capital Corporation or JD Luxembourg as Borrower . (a) The Borrowers, acting jointly, shall have the right, upon not less than five Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent, to terminate the Commitments or, from time to 

35 

time, reduce the amount of the Commitments, provided that (i) any such reduction shall be accompanied by prepayment of Committed Rate Loans hereunder, together with accrued interest on the amount so prepaid to the date of such prepayment, to the extent, if any, that the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Loans exceeds the amount of the Commitments as then reduced and (ii) any such termination of the Commitments shall be accompanied by prepayment in full of the Loans then outstanding hereunder in accordance with subsection 2.6 together with accrued fees and interest thereon and any termination of a Bank s Commitment pursuant to subsection 2.13, 2.16 or 2.17 shall, with respect to each affected Loan, on the last day of the applicable Interest Period therefor or, if earlier, on such earlier date as shall be notified by the Borrowers, be accompanied by prepayment in full of such Loan, together with, in each case, accrued interest thereon to the date of such prepayment, the payment of any unpaid commitment fee then accrued hereunder, and the payment of any amounts then payable pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17. Upon receipt of such notice from the Borrowers the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. Any reduction of the Commitments pursuant to this subsection 2.5 shall be in an amount not less than 25,000,000, and shall be an amount which is a whole multiple of 5,000,000, and shall reduce permanently the amount of the Commitments then in effect. (b) The Company may cancel the ability of the Capital Corporation to borrow hereunder upon not less than five Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent. Upon receipt of such notice from the Company, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. On the first day following receipt of such notice, on which all Loans to the Capital Corporation and all interest thereon shall have been paid in full, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, (i) the Capital Corporation shall cease to be a party hereto or to have any right or obligation hereunder, (ii) rights and obligations expressed herein to be, in effect, of the Company, the Capital Corporation or JD Luxembourg, each of them or of any of them together with the Capital Corporation, but not any such rights and obligations expressed herein to be of the Capital Corporation only, shall be deemed to be rights and obligations of the Company only and (iii) the Banks shall cease to have any right or obligation hereunder which depends or is contingent upon any action, condition or performance, or the absence thereof, whether past or present, of the Capital Corporation other than any action, condition or performance, or the absence thereof, of the Capital Corporation in its capacity as a Subsidiary, Significant Subsidiary or Restricted Subsidiary hereunder; provided , however , that the obligation of the Capital Corporation to make any payment pursuant to subsection 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 or 2.17 which arises prior to the cancellation of the ability of the Capital Corporation to borrow hereunder shall survive the cancellation of the ability of the Capital Corporation to borrow hereunder; provided further that any cancellation of the ability of the Capital Corporation to borrow hereunder shall be accompanied by the cancellation of the ability of JD Luxembourg to borrow hereunder pursuant to clause (c) below. 
 (c) The Company may cancel the ability of JD Luxembourg to borrow hereunder upon not less than five Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent. Upon receipt of such notice from the Company, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. On the first day following receipt of such notice, on which all Loans to JD Luxembourg and all interest thereon shall have been paid in full, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, (i) JD Luxembourg shall cease to be a party hereto or to have any right or obligation hereunder, (ii) rights and obligations expressed herein to be, in effect, of each of the Company, the Capital Corporation or JD Luxembourg, each of them or any of them together with JD Luxembourg, but not any such rights and obligations expressed herein to be of JD Luxembourg only, shall be deemed to be rights and obligations of the Company and the Capital Corporation, as applicable, only and (iii) the Banks shall cease to have any right or obligation hereunder which depends or is contingent upon any action, condition or performance, or the absence thereof, whether past or present, of JD Luxembourg other than any action, condition or performance, or the absence thereof, of JD Luxembourg in its capacity as a Subsidiary, Significant Subsidiary or Restricted Subsidiary hereunder; provided , however , that the obligation of JD Luxembourg 

36 

to make any payment pursuant to subsection 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 or 2.17 which arises prior to the cancellation of the ability of JD Luxembourg to borrow hereunder shall survive the cancellation of the ability of JD Luxembourg to borrow hereunder. 
 2.6 Prepayments . (a) Each Borrower may at any time and from time to time prepay its Committed Rate Loans in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, but subject to the provisions of subsection 2.14, upon at least three Working Days irrevocable notice (by 11:00 A.M. Local Time), in the case of Eurocurrency Loans , or SONIA Loans or same day irrevocable notice in the case of ABR Loans, in each case to the Administrative Agent, specifying the date and amount of prepayment and whether the prepayment is of its Eurocurrency Loans , SONIA Loans , ABR Loans, or a combination thereof, and if of a combination thereof, the amount of prepayment allocable to each. Upon receipt of such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. If such notice is given, the Borrower delivering such notice shall make such prepayment, and the payment of the amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable, on the date specified therein, together with accrued interest to such date on the amount prepaid and any amounts payable pursuant to subsections 2.14 and 2.15. Except as provided in the immediately following sentence, partial prepayments shall be in an aggregate principal amount of 5,000,000, or a whole multiple thereof (or comparable amounts reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in the case of Foreign Currency Loans); provided , however, that after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount of all Committed Rate Loans made on the same Borrowing Date shall not be less than 25,000,000 (or comparable amounts reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in the case of Foreign Currency Loans). Anything contained in this subsection 2.6 to the contrary notwithstanding, partial prepayments of a Cancelled Bank s Loans in connection with the termination under subsection 2.13(a), (b) or (c), 2.16(c) or 2.17(b), or upon a Defaulting Bank becoming a Cancelled Bank, of such Cancelled Bank s Commitment (in whole or in part) shall be in an amount equal to the principal amount of the Loans of such Bank being prepaid, notwithstanding the amount thereof, and shall be permitted notwithstanding the provisions of the foregoing proviso. The Company and the Capital Corporation may prepay Negotiated Rate Loans or Bid Loans on such terms as shall be mutually agreed upon between the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank. 
 (b) If, on any Calculation Date, the aggregate principal amount of Loans outstanding on such date exceed the Total Commitments, on such date, the Borrowers shall, without notice or demand, within five Business Days (i) repay Loans in an aggregate principal amount such that, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount of Loans outstanding shall be equal to or less than the Total Commitments and (ii) pay interest and fees accrued to the date of such payment, prepayment or reduction on the principal so prepaid or reduced and any amounts payable under subsection 2.14 in connection therewith. 2.7 Minimum Amount of Certain Loans . All borrowings, conversions, continuations, payments and, except as set forth in the penultimate sentence of subsection 2.6, prepayments in respect of Committed Rate Loans shall be in such amounts and be made pursuant to such elections that, after giving effect thereto, (a) the aggregate principal amount of Committed Rate Loans made on any Borrowing Date shall not be less than 25,000,000 or a whole multiple of 5,000,000 in excess thereof (or comparable amounts reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in the case of Foreign Currency Loans) and (b) the aggregate principal amount of Committed Rate Loans of any Type with the same Interest Period shall not be less than 10,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (or comparable amounts reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in the case of Foreign Currency Loans). 
 2.8 Committed Rate Loan Interest Rate and Payment Dates . (a) The Eurocurrency Loans shall bear interest for the period from the date thereof until the stated maturity thereof on the unpaid principal amount thereof at a rate per annum equal to the Eurocurrency Rate determined for the Interest Period therefor plus the Applicable Margin. 

37 

(b) The ABR Loans shall bear interest for each day during the period from the date thereof until the payment in full thereof on the unpaid principal amount thereof at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the ABR for such day plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (c) T he SONIA Loans shall bear interest for each day during the period from the date thereof until the payment in full thereof on the unpaid principal amount thereof at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA for such day plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (c) (d) If all or a portion of the principal amount of any of the Committed Rate Loans shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) such overdue principal amount of such Committed Rate Loan (i) shall bear interest at a rate per annum which is 1 above the rate which would otherwise be applicable pursuant to subsection 2.8(a) or , (b) or (c) as the case may be, from the date when such principal amount is due until the date on which such amount is paid in full and (ii) shall, if such Committed Rate Loan is a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars, be converted to an ABR Loan at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. (d) (e) Interest shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 2.9 Conversion and Continuation Options . (a) The relevant Borrower may elect from time to time to convert Committed Rate Loans denominated in Dollars of one Type into Committed Rate Loans denominated in Dollars of another Type by giving to the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice of such conversion by the earliest time that they would have been required to give notice under subsection 2.1(c) if they had been borrowing Committed Rate Loans of each such Type on the conversion date specified in such notice, provided that any such conversion of Eurocurrency Loans may only be made on the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto. Any such notice of conversion to Eurocurrency Loans shall specify the length of the initial Interest Period or Interest Periods therefor. Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. All or any part of outstanding Eurocurrency Loans and ABR Loans denominated in Dollars may be converted as provided herein, provided that no Loan may be converted into a Eurocurrency Loan after the date that is one month prior to (i) in the case of a Loan made by an Objecting Bank, such Objecting Bank s Commitment Expiration Date, and (ii) in the case of all Loans, the Termination Date. 
 (b) Any Eurocurrency Loans may be continued as such upon the expiration of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto by the relevant Borrower giving notice to the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as the case may be, such notice to be given by the time it would have been required to give notice under subsection 2.1(c) if it had been borrowing Eurocurrency Loans on the last day of the then expiring Interest Period therefor, of the length of the next Interest Period to be applicable to such Loans, provided that no Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars may be continued as such after the date that is one month prior to (i) in the case of a Loan made by an Objecting Bank, such Objecting Bank s Commitment Expiration Date, and (ii) in the case of all Loans, the Termination Date. Upon receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as the case may be, shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees . (a) Commitment fees and interest in respect of SONIA Loans and ABR Loans based upon clause (a) of the definition of ABR shall be calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366- as the case may be) day year for the actual days elapsed (including the first day and excluding the last day). Interest in respect of Eurocurrency Loans, Bid Loans and ABR Loans based upon clause (b) or (c) of the definition of ABR shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual days elapsed (including the first day and excluding the last day), provided , that interest in respect of Foreign Currency Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, Australian Dollars, Canadian Dollars or New Zealand Dollars shall be calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366- as the case may be) day year 

38 

for actual days elapsed. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrowers and the Banks of each determination of a Eurocurrency Rate and/or Daily Simple SONIA . Any change in the interest rate on a Committed Rate Loan resulting from a change in ABR shall become effective as of the opening of business on the day on which such change in ABR shall become effective. The Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, shall promptly notify the Borrowers and the Banks of the effective date and the amount of each such change. (b) Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrowers and the Banks in the absence of manifest error. 
 2.11 Inability to Determine Interest Rate . (a) With respect to any Eurocurrency Loan denominated in any Currency or SONIA Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling that is then outstanding, or that has been requested to be borrowed, in the event that the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Borrowers) that (i) by reason of circumstances affecting the interbank market for the applicable Currency generally, (A) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Screen Rate for such Currency for any requested Interest Period with respect to Committed Rate Loans that a Borrower has requested be made as, continued as or converted into Eurocurrency Loans or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA or Daily Simple SONIA for SONIA Loans; provided that this clause (i) shall not apply to a Loan denominated in any Currency to the extent that a Benchmark Transition Event in respect of such Currency shall have occurred at such time or (ii) that deposits in the applicable Currency are not generally available, or cannot be obtained by the Banks, in the applicable market (any Foreign Currency affected by the circumstances described in clause (i) or (ii) is referred to as an Affected Foreign Currency ), the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, shall promptly give notice of such determination to such Borrower and the Banks , which with respect to Eurocurrency Loans, shall be prior to the first day of the requested Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Loans. If such notice is given, such Borrower may (A) in accordance with the provisions of subsection 2.1 or 2.9, as the case may be (including any requirements for notification), request that the affected Loans denominated in Dollars be made as, continued as or converted into, as the case may be, ABR Loans, (B) request that any outstanding Foreign Currency Eurocurrency Loans in an Affected Foreign Currency be converted, on the last day of the then-current Interest Period, to Dollar Loans at the applicable Exchange Rate or , (C) request that any outstanding SONIA Loan bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent, determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling cannot be determined, any outstanding affected SONIA Loans, at the applicable Borrower s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars at the applicable exchange rate immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately or (D) in the case of (A) Loans (other than SONIA Loans) requested to be made on the first day of such Interest Period or (B) SONIA Loans requested to be made , withdraw the notice given under subsection 2.1 or 2.9, as the case may be, by giving telephonic notice to the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, no later than 10:00 A.M. (Local Time) one Business Day prior to the applicable Borrowing Date, confirmed in writing no later than one Business Day after such telephonic notice is given; provided that if the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, does not receive any notice permitted from the relevant Borrower hereunder, such Borrower shall be deemed to have requested that the affected Loans be made as, continued as or converted into, as the case may be, ABR Loans or, in the case of Foreign Currency Loans, shall be deemed to have requested that the affected Loans be made as, continued as or converted into, as the case may be, Dollar Loans which are (1) ABR Loans (in the case of clause (i) above) or (2) Eurocurrency Loans (in the case of clause (ii) above). Until the notice given pursuant to the first sentence of this paragraph has been withdrawn by the Administrative Agent or the Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, no further 

39 

Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars (in the case of clause (i) above) or Eurocurrency Loans or SONIA Loans, in each case in an Affected Foreign Currency , shall be made or , with respect to such Eurocurrency Loans, continued as such, nor shall the Borrower have the right to convert ABR Loans to Eurocurrency Loans. (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark with respect to a Loan denominated in any Currency, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement for a Loan denominated in such Currency is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for a Loan denominated in such Currency for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement for a Loan denominated in such Currency is determined in accordance with clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Banks without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Banks comprising the Majority Banks. (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, solely with respect to a Loan denominated in Dollars, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, this clause (c) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Banks and the Company a Term SOFR Notice. (d) In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (e) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Banks of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Bank (or group of Banks) pursuant to this subsection 2.11, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be 

40 

made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this subsection 2.11. (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or Eurocurrency Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent shall modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (g) Upon the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to the Relevant Rate applicable to any Eurocurrency Loan , and or SONIA Loan, as applicable, and, with respect to such Eurocurrency Loans, during the continuance thereof (in each case below, to the extent such Benchmark Unavailability Period is in respect of the Relevant Rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan or such SONIA Loan, as applicable ), (i) a Borrower may revoke any request for a Eurocurrency Loan or SONIA Loan to be made during such Benchmark Unavailability Period, and, failing that, the applicable Borrower will be deemed to have converted such request for a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars into a request for an ABR Loan and (ii) any request for a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency or a SONIA Loan shall be ineffective. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Eurocurrency Loan in any Currency or SONIA Loan is outstanding on the date of the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to the Relevant Rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan or SONIA Loan, as applicable , then (i) if such Eurocurrency Loan is denominated in Dollars, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan denominated in Dollars on such day or , ii) if such Eurocurrency Loan is denominated in any Foreign Currency, such Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), at the applicable Borrower s election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the applicable Borrower on such day or (B) be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such Eurocurrency Loan on such day (it being understood and agreed that if the applicable Borrower does not so prepay such Loan on such day by 12:00 noon, Local Time, the Administrative Agent is authorized to effect such conversion of such Eurocurrency Loan into an ABR Loan denominated in Dollars)); provided that, in the case of this subclause (B), upon any subsequent implementation of a Benchmark Replacement in respect of such Foreign Currency pursuant to this subsection 2.11, such ABR Loan denominated in Dollars shall then be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in the original Foreign Currency applicable to such Loan (in an amount equal to the Foreign Currency Equivalent of the amount of such ABR Loan) on the day of, and after giving effect to, such implementation . or (iii) such SONIA Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall 

41 

be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling cannot be determined, any outstanding affected SONIA Loans, at the Company s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of Pounds Sterling) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 2.12 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments . (a) All payments (including prepayments) to be made by the Borrowers on account of principal, interest and fees shall be made without defense, set-off or counterclaim and shall be made, in the case of fees and principal of, and interest on, Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) at the Administrative Agent s office specified in subsection 10.2, in each case in the relevant Currency in which the Loan was made and in immediately available funds not later than 11:00 A.M. (Local Time) on the date due. The Administrative Agent shall distribute such payments to the Banks entitled thereto on the day of receipt in like funds as received, provided that the Administrative Agent shall have received such payments not later than 11:00 A.M. (Local Time). If the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payments to the Banks entitled thereto on a date after the date on which such payments were received prior to 11:00 A.M. (Local Time), the Administrative Agent shall pay to each such Bank on demand an amount equal to the product of (i) the daily average applicable Overnight Rate, times (ii) the amount of such Bank s share of such payment, times (iii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse from and including such date of receipt of payment by the Administrative Agent to but excluding the date on which such Bank s share of such payment shall have become immediately available to such Bank and the denominator of which is 360. All payments (including prepayments) to be made by the Borrowers on account of principal, interest and fees relating to Negotiated Rate Loans shall be made to the Bank with respect thereto on such terms, at such address and at such time as shall be mutually agreed upon between the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank in lawful money of the United States of America on the date due. 
 (b) (i) Each borrowing by a Borrower of Committed Rate Loans and each payment of principal in respect of Committed Rate Loans (subject to the provisions of subsection 2.20(e)) shall be made in accordance with the following requirements: 
 (A) All borrowings of Committed Rate Loans and all principal payments in respect of such Loans, shall be made pro rata according to the respective Commitments of the Banks. 
 (B) As provided in clause (b)(ii) below, if any principal payment is made in respect of any Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) on any day on which principal amounts are due and owing in respect of any Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans), such principal payment shall be applied to the Banks pro rata according to the respective amounts of principal due and owing to the Banks under this Agreement. 
 (ii) Except as provided in subsections 2.13, 2.16 and 2.17, each reduction of the Commitments shall be made pro rata among the Banks according to their respective Commitment Percentages. Each payment by the Borrowers under this Agreement or of any Loan (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) shall be applied, first , to any fees then due and owing pursuant to subsection 2.4, second , to interest then due and owing in respect of the Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) and third , to principal then due and owing hereunder (other than principal due and owing under Negotiated Rate Loans) and under the Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans). Each payment made by the Company or the Capital Corporation under this Agreement relating to a Negotiated Rate Loan to the Bank with respect thereto shall be applied, first , to interest then due and owing in respect of such Negotiated Rate Loan and second , to principal then due and owing hereunder with respect to such Negotiated Rate Loan and under such Negotiated Rate Loan. Each payment (other than voluntary prepayments made when no principal payments are due and owing hereunder) by a Borrower on account of principal of and interest on the Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) shall be made for the account of each Bank pro 

42 

rata according to the respective amounts of principal and interest due and owing to such Bank under this Agreement. Subject to the requirements of clause (i) of this paragraph (b), each payment by a Borrower on account of principal of the Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) shall be applied, first , to such of its Committed Rate Loan borrowings as such Borrower may designate and, second , after all Committed Rate Loans shall have been paid in full, to all of its Absolute Rate Bid Loans or Index Rate Bid Loans made on the same Borrowing Date with the same Interest Period as such Borrower may designate, pro rata according to the respective amounts outstanding; provided , however , that prepayments made pursuant to subsection 2.13(a), (b) or (c), 2.16(c) or 2.17(b) shall be applied in accordance with such subsection. 
 (c) If any payment hereunder (other than payments on the Eurocurrency Loans and Index Rate Bid Loans) becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day. If any payment on a Eurocurrency Loan or Index Rate Bid Loan becomes due and payable on a day other than a Working Day, the maturity thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Working Day unless the result of such extension would be to extend such payment into another calendar month in which event such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Working Day. With respect to any extension of the payment of principal pursuant to this subsection 2.12(c), interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension. 
 (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by any Bank prior to the date of the Committed Rate Loan, Committed Rate Loans, Bid Loan or Bid Loans to be made by such Bank (which notice shall be effective upon receipt) that such Bank will not make its pro rata share of the amount of the requested borrowing on such date available to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Bank has made such amount available to it on such date and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the relevant Borrower a corresponding amount. If a Bank shall make such amount available to the Administrative Agent on a date after such Borrowing Date, such Bank shall pay to the Administrative Agent on demand an amount equal to the product of (i) the daily average applicable Overnight Rate, times (ii) the amount of such Bank s pro rata share of such borrowing, times (iii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse from and including such Borrowing Date to but excluding the date on which such Bank s pro rata share of such borrowing shall have become immediately available to the Administrative Agent and the denominator of which is 360. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to any Bank with respect to any amounts owing under this subsection 2.12(d) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. If such Bank s pro rata share is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent by such Bank within three Business Days of such Borrowing Date, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such amount, on demand, from the relevant Borrower with interest thereon at the rate equal to the product of (i) during the period from and including such Borrowing Date to the Business Day next following the date of such demand, the daily average applicable Overnight Rate, times a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse from and including such Borrowing Date to but excluding the Business Day next following the date of such demand and the denominator of which is 360 and (ii) thereafter, the interest rate or rates applicable to the Loan or Loans funded by the Administrative Agent on behalf of such Bank on such Borrowing Date, times a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days which elapse from and including the Business Day next following the date of such demand to but excluding the date such amount is recovered by the Administrative Agent from such Borrower and the denominator of which is 360. In the event any Bank s pro rata share of a borrowing is not made available to the Administrative Agent in accordance with this paragraph within three Business Days of the applicable Borrowing Date (i) such Bank shall, during the period from such Borrowing Date to the date such Bank makes its pro rata share of the applicable borrowing available, not accrue and shall not be entitled to receive any commitment fee under subsection 2.4 and (ii) each Borrower may exercise or pursue any other rights, remedies, powers and privileges against such Bank as are provided by law or by contract. 

43 

2.13 Requirements of Law . (a) If any Bank shall determine that by reason of (i) the introduction after the date hereof of any applicable law, regulation or guideline or any change after the date hereof in any applicable law, regulation or guideline (including the phasing-in of a provision of any applicable law, regulation or guideline) or in the interpretation thereof by any governmental or other regulatory authority charged with the administration thereof or any court of competent jurisdiction and/or (ii) compliance by such Bank with any requirement adopted after the date hereof or directive adopted after the date hereof from any central bank or other fiscal, monetary or other regulatory authority (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the cost of such Bank of maintaining or giving effect to its obligations with respect to Committed Rate Loans under this Agreement or maintaining its Commitment with respect to Committed Rate Loans or making or maintaining any Eurocurrency Loans or SONIA Loans or any reduction in any amount receivable by such Bank in respect of Eurocurrency Loans or SONIA Loans under this Agreement, notwithstanding the reasonable efforts (such reasonable efforts not to result in the incurrence of additional costs or expenses) of such Bank to mitigate such increase or reduction (excluding for purposes of this subsection 2.13 any such increased costs resulting from (x) Indemnified Taxes (as to which subsection 2.17 shall govern), (y) changes in the basis of taxation of overall net income or overall gross income by the United States or by the foreign jurisdiction or state under the laws of which such Bank is organized or has its applicable lending office or any political subdivision thereof and (z) FATCA), then the relevant Borrower shall from time to time on receipt (whenever occurring) of a certificate from such Bank (which shall be executed by an officer thereof and a copy of which shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent) pay to such Bank such amounts as are stated therein to be required to indemnify such Bank against such increased costs or reduction; provided , however, that if such Borrower becomes obligated to pay any Bank any additional amount pursuant to this subsection 2.13(a), such Borrower shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable to such Bank pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee or other amount payable to such Bank hereunder and/or, upon giving not less than three Business Days notice to any such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank; provided , further, that such Borrower shall not be obligated to pay any Bank any additional amount pursuant to this subsection 2.13(a) (A) which constitutes a present or future income, stamp or other tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction or withholding referred to in subsection 2.17(a) or (B) as a result of any law, rule, guideline, regulation, request or directive regarding capital adequacy or liquidity referred to in subsection 2.13(b). A certificate of such Bank as to the amount of such increased costs or reduction shall set forth in reasonable detail the computation of such increased costs or reduction, and shall be binding and conclusive in the absence of manifest error. A Bank which demands indemnification hereunder as a result of an increased cost or reduction referred to herein shall deliver the certificate referred to above to the relevant Borrower demanding indemnification no later than the later of (y) the thirtieth day immediately following each payment or realization by such Bank of such increased cost or reduction (and such certificate shall certify that the amounts set forth therein were paid or realized within such thirty-day period) and (z) the thirtieth day immediately following such Bank s knowledge of the incurrence or realization by such Bank of such increased cost or reduction (and such certificate shall so certify). 
 (b) In the event that any Bank shall have determined that the adoption after the date hereof of any law, rule, guideline or regulation regarding capital adequacy or liquidity, or any change after the date hereof in any existing or future law, rule, guideline or regulation regarding capital adequacy or liquidity (excluding, however, the phasing-in of any existing law, rule, regulation or guideline regarding capital adequacy or liquidity) or in the interpretation or application thereof or compliance by such Bank or any corporation controlling such Bank with any request or directive made or adopted after the date hereof regarding capital adequacy or liquidity (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or Governmental Authority, does or shall have the effect of reducing the rate of return on 

44 

such Bank s or such corporation s capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Bank or such corporation could have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration such Bank s or such corporation s policies with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Bank to be material, then from time to time, within 30 days after receipt (whenever occurring) of a certificate from such Bank (which shall be executed by an officer thereof and a copy of which shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent), the Company and the Capital Corporation jointly and severally agree to pay to such Bank such additional amounts as are stated therein to be required to compensate it for such reduction; provided , however , that if such Borrower becomes obligated to pay any Bank any additional amount pursuant to this subsection 2.13(b), such Borrower shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee or other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or, upon giving not less than three Business Days notice to any such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank (but only if after giving effect to such cancellation and prepayment the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Loans does not exceed the Total Commitments). A certificate of such Bank as to the amount of such reduction shall set forth in reasonable detail the computation of such reduction, and shall be binding and conclusive in the absence of manifest error. A Bank which demands indemnification hereunder as a result of a reduction referred to herein shall deliver the certificate referred to above to the relevant Borrower demanding indemnification no later than the later of (i) the thirtieth day immediately following each realization by such Bank of such reduction (and such certificate shall certify that the amounts set forth therein were realized within such thirty-day period) and (ii) the thirtieth day immediately following such Bank s knowledge of the realization by such Bank of such reduction (and such certificate shall so certify). 
 (c) Each Borrower shall pay to each Bank that delivers a certificate to such Borrower in accordance with this subsection (c) such amounts as shall be necessary to reimburse such Bank for the costs (determined in accordance with the immediately following sentence), if any, incurred by such Bank, as a result of the application to such Bank during any period on which there are outstanding Eurocurrency Loans advanced by such Bank to such Borrower of basic, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserves under any regulations of the Board or other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto dealing with reserve requirements prescribed for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D of such Board) maintained by a member bank of such system (any such reserves dealing with reserve requirements prescribed for eurocurrency funding being referred to as Reserves ), such amount to be set forth in a certificate of such Bank delivered to the relevant Borrower; provided , however , that if a Bank gives to a Borrower the written notice contemplated by the proviso set forth in the second following sentence, such Borrower shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee or other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or upon giving not less than three Working Days notice to such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank. Amounts certified by a Bank hereunder for any period shall represent such Bank s calculation or, if an accurate calculation is impracticable, reasonable estimate (using such reasonable means of allocation as such Bank shall determine) of the actual costs, if any, theretofore incurred by such Bank as a result of the application of Reserves to Eurocurrency liabilities (as referred to in Regulation D referred to above) of such Bank in an amount equal to such Bank s Eurocurrency Loans during such period and in any event shall not exceed the amount obtainable utilizing the maximum Reserves prescribed by the Board or other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto for such period. Such payment shall be made within fifteen days after receipt by the 

45 

relevant Borrower of a certificate, signed by an officer of the Bank delivering such certificate, which certificate shall be binding and conclusive in the absence of demonstrable error, specifying the period (prior to the date of such certificate) during which the cost set forth therein was incurred by such Bank and stating (i) that such amount represents the actual cost, or, if an accurate calculation of such cost is impracticable stating that such amount represents such Bank s reasonable estimate of the actual cost, incurred by such Bank during such period as a result of the application of Reserves to Eurocurrency liabilities of such Bank in an amount equal to such Bank s Eurocurrency Loans during such period and specified in such certificate and (ii) that the amount set forth therein does not in any event exceed the amount obtainable utilizing the maximum Reserves prescribed for such period by the Board or such other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto; provided that the obligation of the Borrowers to pay any amounts pursuant to this subsection 2.13(c) shall apply only in the case of those Banks that give to the relevant Borrower and the Administrative Agent, no later than 3:00 P.M. (Local Time) on the day that is two Working Days prior to the applicable Borrowing Date therefor, a written notice stating that such Bank intends to demand reimbursement pursuant hereto. A Bank which demands reimbursement of Reserve costs hereunder on account of a Eurocurrency Loan made by such Bank shall deliver the certificate referred to in the preceding sentence to the relevant Borrower setting forth the items specified in clauses (i) and (ii) of the preceding sentence no later than the thirtieth day immediately following the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan. 
 (d) If any Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction of any Foreign Currency (or any other jurisdiction in which the funding operations of any Bank shall be conducted with respect to such Foreign Currency) shall put into effect after the date hereof any reserve, liquid asset or similar requirement with respect to any category of deposits or liabilities customarily used to fund loans in such Foreign Currency (excluding any Reserves), or by reference to which interest rates applicable to loans in such Foreign Currency are determined, and the result of such requirement shall be to increase the cost to such Bank of making or maintaining any Foreign Currency Loan in such Foreign Currency, and such Bank shall deliver to the Borrowers a notice requesting compensation under this paragraph, then the Borrower will pay to such Bank on each Interest Payment Date with respect to each affected Foreign Currency Loan an amount that will compensate such Bank for such additional cost; provided , that the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Bank pursuant to this paragraph for any amounts incurred more than three months prior to the date that such Banks notifies the Borrowers of such Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor; and provided further that, if the circumstances giving rise to such claim have a retroactive effect, then such three-month period shall be extended to include the period of such retroactive effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Bank gives to a Borrower the written notice contemplated by the proviso set forth in the following sentence, such Borrower shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee or other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or upon giving not less than three Working Days notice to such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank. Such payment shall be made within fifteen days after receipt by the relevant Borrower of a certificate, signed by an officer of the Bank delivering such certificate, which certificate shall be binding and conclusive in the absence of demonstrable error, specifying the period (prior to the date of such certificate) during which the cost set forth therein was incurred by such Bank and stating (i) that such amount represents the actual cost, or, if an accurate calculation of such cost is impracticable stating that such amount represents such Bank s reasonable estimate of the actual cost, incurred by such Bank during such period as a result of the application of such reserve, liquid asset or similar requirements in an amount equal to such Bank s Foreign Currency Loans during such period and specified in such certificate and (ii) that the amount set forth therein does not in any event exceed the amount obtainable utilizing such reserves prescribed for such period by such Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto; provided that the 

46 

obligation of the Borrowers to pay any amounts pursuant to this subsection 2.13(d) shall apply only in the case of those Banks that give to the relevant Borrower and the Administrative Agent, no later than 3:00 P.M. (Local Time) on the day that is two Working Days prior to the applicable Borrowing Date therefor, a written notice stating that such Bank intends to demand reimbursement pursuant hereto. A Bank which demands reimbursement of reserve costs hereunder on account of a Foreign Currency Loan made by such Bank shall deliver the certificate referred to in the preceding sentence to the relevant Borrower setting forth the items specified in clauses (i) and (ii) of the preceding sentence no later than the thirtieth day immediately following the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Foreign Currency Loan. 
 (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if (A) the adoption of any law, rule or regulation after the date of this Agreement, (B) any change in any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement or (C) compliance by any Bank with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement, shall make it unlawful for any such Bank to make or maintain any Foreign Currency Loan or to give effect to its obligations as contemplated hereby with respect to any Foreign Currency Loan, then, by written notice to the Borrowers and to the Administrative Agent: 
 (i) such Bank or Banks may declare that Foreign Currency Loans (in the affected Currency or Currencies) will not thereafter (for the duration of such unlawfulness) be made by such Bank or Banks hereunder (or be continued for additional Interest Periods), whereupon any request for a Foreign Currency Loan (in the affected Currency or Currencies) or to continue a Foreign Currency Loan (in the affected Currency or Currencies, as the case may be, for an additional Interest Period) shall, as to such Bank or Banks only, be of no force and effect, unless such declaration shall be subsequently withdrawn; and (ii) such Bank may require that all outstanding Foreign Currency Loans (in the affected Currency or Currencies), made by it be converted to ABR Loans or Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars, as the case may be (unless repaid by the Borrowers), in which event all such Foreign Currency Loans (in the affected Currency or Currencies) shall be converted to ABR Loans or Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars, as the case may be, as of the effective date of such notice as provided in paragraph (f) below and at the Exchange Rate on the date of such conversion or, at the option of the Borrower, repaid on the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto or, if earlier, the date on which the applicable notice becomes effective. In the event any Bank shall exercise its rights under (i) or (ii) above, all payments and prepayments of principal that would otherwise have been applied to repay the converted Foreign Currency Loans of such Bank shall instead be applied to repay the ABR Loans or Loans denominated in Dollars, as the case may be, made by such Bank resulting from such conversion. (f) For purposes of subsection 2.13(e), a notice to a Borrower by any Bank shall be effective as to each Foreign Currency Loan made by such Bank, if lawful, on the last day of the Interest Period currently applicable to such Foreign Currency Loan; in all other cases such notice shall be effective on the date of receipt thereof by such Borrower. 
 (g) The obligations of the parties under this subsection 2.13 shall survive termination of this Agreement and payment of the Loans. 
 (h) For purposes of this subsection 2.13, (i) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking 

47 

Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or by United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, and (ii) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof , shall be deemed to have been introduced and adopted after the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Bank shall be entitled to seek compensation for costs imposed pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or Basel III if it shall not be the general policy of such Bank at such time to seek compensation from other investment grade borrowers with the same or similar ratings under yield protection provisions in credit agreements with such borrowers that provide for such compensation and the applicable Bank is in fact generally seeking such compensation from such borrowers (and, upon any request by such Bank for payment, certifies to the Borrower to the effect of the foregoing). 
 2.14 Indemnity . (a) With respect to Loans that are not SONIA Loans, E e ach Borrower agrees to indemnify each Bank and to hold each Bank harmless from any loss or expense which such Bank may sustain or incur as a consequence of a i default by such Borrower in payment of the principal amount of or interest on any Loan by such Bank, including, but not limited to, any such loss or expense arising from interest or fees payable by such Bank to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to maintain its Loans hereunder, b ii default by such Borrower in making a borrowing, conversion or continuance after such Borrower has given a notice in accordance with subsection 2.1, 2.2 or 2.9, c iii default by such Borrower in making any prepayment after such Borrower has given a notice in accordance with subsection 2.5 or 2.6 or d iv the making by such Borrower of a prepayment of a Committed Rate Loan (other than an ABR Loan), a Bid Loan or, to the extent agreed to by the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank with respect to a Negotiated Rate Loan, a Negotiated Rate Loan on a day which is not the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto (with respect to Committed Rate Loans) or the maturity date therefor (with respect to Bid Loans) or any agreed date (with respect to Negotiated Rate Loans), including, but not limited to, any such loss or expense arising from interest or fees payable by such Bank to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to maintain its Loans hereunder. This covenant shall survive termination of this Agreement and payment of the outstanding Loans. A certificate as to any amount payable pursuant to the foregoing shall be submitted by such Bank (and executed by an officer thereof) to the relevant Borrower, setting forth the computation of such amounts in reasonable detail, and shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 
 (b) With respect to SONIA Loans, each Borrower agrees to indemnify each Bank and to hold each Bank harmless from any loss or expense which such Bank may sustain or incur as a consequence of (i) default by such Borrower in payment of the principal amount of or interest on any Loan by such Bank, including, but not limited to, any such loss or expense arising from interest or fees payable by such Bank to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to maintain its Loans hereunder, (ii) default by such Borrower in making a borrowing after such Borrower has given a notice in accordance with subsection 2.1, 2.2 or 2.9, (iii) default by such Borrower in making any prepayment after such Borrower has given a notice in accordance with subsection 2.5 or 2.6 or (iv) the making by such Borrower of a prepayment of a SONIA Loan on a day which is not the payment date with respect thereto, including, but not limited to, any such loss or expense arising from interest or fees payable by such Bank to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to maintain its Loans hereunder. This covenant shall survive termination of this Agreement and payment of the outstanding SONIA Loans. A certificate as to any amount payable pursuant to the foregoing shall be submitted by such Bank (and executed by an officer thereof) to the relevant Borrower, setting forth the computation of such amounts in reasonable detail, and shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 2.15 Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent . With respect to all Loans except Negotiated Rate Loans, unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by the relevant Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due from it hereunder (which notice shall be 

48 

effective upon receipt) that such Borrower does not intend to make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment when due, and the Administrative Agent may in reliance upon such assumption (but shall not be required to) make available to each Bank on such payment date an amount equal to the portion of such assumed payment to which such Bank is entitled hereunder, and if such Borrower has not in fact made such payment to the Administrative Agent, such Bank shall, on demand, repay to the Administrative Agent the amount made available to such Bank together with interest thereon in respect of each day during the period commencing on the date such amount was made available to such Bank and ending on (but excluding) the date such Bank repays such amount to the Administrative Agent, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to the relevant Bank with respect to any amount owing under this subsection 2.15 shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 2.16 Extension of Termination Date . (a) No later than 30 days prior to the Termination Date then in effect, provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time such request is submitted, the Borrowers may request an extension of such Termination Date by submitting to the Administrative Agent an Extension Request containing the information in respect of such extension specified in Exhibit I, which the Administrative Agent shall promptly furnish to each Bank. If, within 30 days of their receipt of an Extension Request, the Majority Banks shall approve in writing the extension of the Termination Date requested in such Extension Request, the Termination Date shall automatically and without any further action by any Person be extended for the period specified in such Extension Request; provided that (i) each extension pursuant to this subsection 2.16 shall be for a maximum of 364 days and (ii) the Commitment of any Bank which does not consent in writing to such extension within 30 days of its receipt of such Extension Request (an Objecting Bank shall, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, expire on the Termination Date in effect on the date of such Extension Request (such Termination Date, if any, referred to as the Commitment Expiration Date with respect to such Objecting Bank). If, within 30 days of their receipt of an Extension Request, the Majority Banks shall not approve in writing the extension of the Termination Date requested in an Extension Request, the Termination Date shall not be extended pursuant to such Extension Request. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify (y) the Banks and the Borrowers of any extension of the Termination Date pursuant to this subsection 2.16 and (z) the Borrowers and any other Bank of any Bank which becomes an Objecting Bank. No Bank has an obligation to extend its Commitment pursuant to this subsection 2.16 except in its sole discretion. 
 (b) Any Objecting Bank the Commitment of which shall expire prior to any extended Termination Date shall, subject to subsection 2.16(c), have its Committed Rate Loans repaid in full by the applicable Borrower(s) on such expiration date, together with accrued interest thereon, and shall have any accrued and unpaid commitment fee or other amount payable to it hereunder paid on the first date to occur following such expiration date on which the fees referred to in subsection 2.4(a) or other amounts are payable to the non-Objecting Banks or, if such fees or other amounts shall be so payable on such expiration date, such unpaid commitment fee and other amount shall be paid on such expiration date. 
 (c) The Borrowers shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and the Objecting Banks in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Committed Rate Loans of the Objecting Banks, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee or other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or, upon giving not less than three Working Days notice to the Objecting Banks and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitments of the Objecting Banks (but only if after giving effect to such cancellation or prepayment the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Loans does not exceed the Total Commitments), provided that during the period from the Closing Date through March 29, 2022, and, commencing on March 30, 2022, during each one-year period thereafter to and including the 

49 

Termination Date (each, a Deal Year ), the aggregate Commitments of Banks which are terminated pursuant to this subsection 2.16(c) and are not replaced during such Deal Year pursuant to subsection 2.19 shall not exceed 33-1/3 of the aggregate Commitments in effect on the first day of such Deal Year of Banks which were not Objecting Banks on such first day. 
 2.17 Indemnified Taxes . (a) Except as required by applicable law, all payments made under this Agreement shall be made without set-off, counterclaim, restriction or condition and free and clear of, and without reduction for or on account of, any present or future income, stamp or other taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions or withholdings of any nature whatsoever, now or hereafter imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any governmental or other regulatory authority charged with the administration thereof with respect to any amount that is paid under this Agreement excluding, in the case of each Bank, (i) income and franchise taxes (including, without limitation, branch taxes) imposed by the United States or similar taxes imposed by a political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, (ii) in the case of any Foreign Bank, any taxes imposed by the United States by means of withholding at the source unless such Bank has provided the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with the documents it is required to provide to them under subsection 2.17(c) or such tax is imposed by reason of a change in United States law (other than FATCA described in clause (vi)) after the date the Bank becomes a party to this Agreement, (iii) taxes that would not have been imposed on such Bank but for the existence of a connection between such Bank and the jurisdiction imposing such taxes (other than a connection arising principally by virtue of such Bank having executed, delivered or performed its obligations or received a payment under, or enforced this Agreement), (iv) taxes that are attributable to such Bank s failure to comply with the requirements of subsection 2.17(c), subsection 2.17(d) or subsection 2.17(f), (v) any taxes imposed upon a Non-Qualifying Bank (as defined in subsection 2.17(e)) pursuant to the Luxembourg laws of 21 June, 2005 implementing the European Union Savings Directive (Council Directive 2003/48/EC) and several agreements concluded with certain dependent or associated territories, providing for the possible application of a withholding tax, as in effect as of the date hereof, other than any taxes which can be avoided pursuant to an exchange of information and for which such information is available to the Borrower, and (vi) any withholding imposed pursuant to FATCA (such non-excluded taxes being called Indemnified Taxes ). If any Indemnified Taxes are required to be withheld from any amounts so payable to the Administrative Agent or any Bank hereunder, as determined in good faith by the applicable Withholding Agent, (i) such amounts shall be paid to the relevant Government Authority in accordance with applicable law and (ii) the amounts so payable by the applicable Borrower shall be increased to the extent necessary to yield to such Bank (after payment of all Indemnified Taxes) interest or any such other amounts payable hereunder at the rates or in the amounts specified in this Agreement as if such withholding or deduction had not been made. Whenever any Indemnified Taxes are payable by any Borrower, as the case may be, as promptly as possible thereafter such Borrower, as the case may be, shall send to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, or for the account of the affected Bank, a certified copy of the original official receipt, if any, or other documentary evidence received by such Borrower showing payment thereof. If (i) such Borrower fails to pay any Indemnified Taxes when due to the appropriate taxing authority, (ii) such Borrower fails to remit to the Administrative Agent the required receipts or other required documentary evidence, or (iii) as a result of a failure listed in (i) directly above, any Indemnified Taxes are imposed directly upon the Administrative Agent or any Bank, such Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Bank, as the case may be, for any Indemnified Taxes and interest or penalties with respect thereto that may become payable by the Administrative Agent or such Banks, as the case may be, as a result of any such failure, in the case of (i) or (ii), or any such direct imposition, in the case of (iii). 
 (b) If a Borrower is required by this subsection 2.17 to make a payment to or in respect of any Bank, such Borrower shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon giving notice to the Administrative Agent and such Bank in accordance with subsection 2.6, to prepay in full the Loans of such Bank, together with accrued interest thereon, any amounts payable 

50 

pursuant to subsections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.17 and any accrued and unpaid commitment fee or other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or on giving not less than three Business Days notice to any such Bank and the Administrative Agent, to cancel the whole or part of the Commitment of any such Bank (but only if after giving effect to such cancellation or prepayment the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Loans does not exceed the Total Commitments). 
 (c) At least two Business Days prior to the first Borrowing Date or, if such date does not occur within thirty days after the Closing Date, by the end of such thirty-day period, each Bank agrees (it being understood that the requirements of this sentence may be waived by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers acting together and in their sole discretion) that it will deliver to each Borrower and the Administrative Agent either (A) in the case of a Domestic Bank, two duly completed copies of United States Internal Revenue Service IRS Form W-9 (or any successor form), (B) in the case of a Foreign Bank, two duly completed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (including, as applicable, a letter in duplicate in substantially the form of Exhibit J), Form W-8ECI (including, as applicable, a letter in duplicate in substantially the form as Exhibit K) or Form W-8IMY, as the case may be, (or any applicable successor forms) together with any applicable underlying IRS forms certifying in each case that such Bank is entitled to receive payment under this Agreement without deduction or withholding of any United States Federal income taxes or (C) in the case of a Bank claiming exception under Sections 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code, a Certificate of Non-Bank Status (in substantially the form as the applicable Exhibit P) together with two original copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, or successor applicable form, as the case may be, to establish an exemption from United States backup withholding tax; and, in addition to the forms documents and certifications described in clauses (A), (B) and (C), any other form prescribed by applicable requirements of United States Federal income tax law as a basis for claiming a complete exemption from United States Federal withholding tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Requirement of Law to permit the relevant Borrower and the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. Each Bank (including, without limitation, each Transferee) agrees (for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers (it being understood that the requirements of this sentence may be waived by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers acting together and in their sole discretion)), to provide the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers a new letter or a new Certificate of Non-Bank Status, if applicable, and Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, Form W-8ECI or Form W-8IMY, or successor applicable form or other manner of certification, (x) in the case of a Transferee, on or before the date it becomes party to this Agreement, (y) on or before the date that any such letter, form or document expires or becomes obsolete or promptly after the occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent letter, form or document previously delivered by it, certifying in the case of a Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI or W-8IMY that such Bank is entitled to receive payments under this Agreement without deduction or withholding of any United States Federal income tax, and in the case of a Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing exemption from United States backup withholding tax, and (z) promptly after the date the relevant Borrower or the Administrative Agent reasonably requests any form of document referred to in this subsection 2.17(c); provided , however , that if a Bank is unable to provide a letter, form, certificate, successor or other document described in this sentence by reason of a change in the applicable law occurring after the date on which such letter, form, certificate, successor or other document originally was required to be provided by such Bank, then such Bank shall be required to comply with this sentence to the extent permitted under such applicable law, and the letter, form, certificate, successor or other document provided in accordance with this proviso (if any) shall certify that such Bank is entitled to receive payments under this Agreement at the lowest rate of deduction, withholding or backup withholding to which it is entitled under such applicable law. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for obtaining such documentation from any Bank other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 (d) A Bank that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of non-U.S. withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located, or any treaty to which 

51 

such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments under this Agreement shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate; provided that such Bank is legally entitled to complete, execute and deliver such documentation and in such Bank s judgment such completion, execution or submission would not materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Bank. 
 (e) Each Bank (including, without limitation, each Transferee) shall represent that (i) it is neither an individual resident in a Member State of the European Union or in certain of the territories dependent on or associated with certain Member States (i.e., Aruba, the British Virgin Islands, Cura ao, Guernsey, the Isle of Man, Jersey, Montserrat and Sint Maarten), nor a person charged with collecting the payments derived from the Loans on behalf of such an individual and (ii) it is not an entity established in a Member State of the European Union or in one of the aforementioned territories dependent on or associated with certain Member States or, when it is such an entity, that (A) it is an entity with legal personality under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, organization or formation other than a Finnish Avoin Yhti or a Finnish Kommandiittiyhti or a Swedish Handelsbolag or a Swedish Kommanditbolag, (B) it is an entity which profits are taxed under the general rules for the taxation of enterprises applicable in the jurisdiction in which it is a resident or deemed to be a resident, (C) it is a UCITS (undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities) authorized under the EC Directive 85/611/EEC or (D) none of its members are individuals resident in a Member State of the European Union or the abovementioned territories dependent on or associated with certain Member States; provided , however , that any Bank that is or becomes unable to make such representation shall promptly deliver notice of such inability to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (such Bank a Non-Qualifying Bank ). 
 (f) If a payment made to a Bank under this Agreement would be subject to United States federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Bank were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including, without limitation, those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Bank shall deliver to the relevant Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by applicable law and at such time or times reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including, without limitation, as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for such Borrower or the Administrative Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA, to determine that such Bank has or has not complied with such Bank s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (f), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 (g) To the extent that, as determined by the Administrative Agent, or any Bank in its sole discretion and without any obligation to disclose its tax records, Indemnified Taxes have been irrevocably utilized by the Administrative Agent, or such Bank (either as credits or deductions) to reduce its tax liabilities and such utilization is consistent with its overall tax policies, the Administrative Agent, or such Bank shall pay to the relevant Borrower, an amount equal to such reduction obtained to the extent of such increased amounts paid by such Borrower to the Administrative Agent, or such Bank as aforesaid; provided , that such Borrower , upon the request of the Administrative Agent, or such Bank, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent, or such Bank in the event such Governmental Authority determines that the Administrative Agent or such Bank was not entitled to such credit or deduction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will any 

52 

indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such tax had never been paid. 
 The obligations of the parties under this subsection 2.17 shall survive termination of this Agreement and payment of the Loans. 2.18 Confirmations . The Administrative Agent shall, within 15 days following the last day of each calendar quarter (each such period being a Report Period ), furnish to the Borrowers a written account with respect to all amounts outstanding under the Loan Accounts as at the last day of such Report Period, including an accounting setting forth, for such Report Period the amounts of principal, interest and other sums paid and payable hereunder. The Borrowers shall, within 15 days following receipt of such written account, notify the Administrative Agent of any discrepancies between such written account and the Borrowers records or, if no such discrepancies exist, furnish written confirmation to the Administrative Agent of the accuracy of such written account. Upon any Bank s request, the Administrative Agent shall furnish to each Bank a copy of such written account together with the Borrowers response thereto. 
 2.19 Replacement of Cancelled Banks . The Borrowers may designate one or more financial institutions to act as a Bank hereunder in place of any Cancelled Bank, and upon the Borrowers, each such financial institution and the Administrative Agent executing a writing substantially in the form of Exhibit L, such financial institution shall become and be a Bank hereunder with all the rights and obligations it would have had if it had been named on the signature pages hereof, and having for all such financial institutions an aggregate Commitment no greater than the whole, or such cancelled part, of the Commitment of the Cancelled Bank in place of which such financial institutions were designated; provided , however , that all rights and obligations of such Cancelled Bank relating to the Loans made by such Cancelled Bank that are outstanding on the date of such cancellation shall be the rights and obligations of such Cancelled Bank and not of any such financial institution. The Administrative Agent shall execute any such writing presented to it and shall notify the Banks of the execution thereof, the name of the financial institution executing such writing and the amount of its Commitment. 
 2.20 Commitment Increases . (a) At any time after the Closing Date, provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrowers may request an increase of the aggregate Commitments by notice to the Administrative Agent in writing of the amount (the Offered Increase Amount of such proposed increase (such notice, a Commitment Increase Notice ). Any such Commitment Increase Notice must offer each Bank the opportunity to subscribe for its pro rata share of the increased Commitments; provided, however, the Borrowers may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), without offering to each Bank the opportunity to subscribe for its pro rata share of the increased Commitments, offer to any existing Bank or any bank or other financial institution that is not an existing Bank the opportunity to provide a new Commitment pursuant to paragraph (b) below if the aggregate amount of all Commitments made hereunder pursuant to this proviso which will be in effect when such new Commitment becomes effective does not exceed 500,000,000 subject to subsection 2.20(f). If any portion of the increased Commitments offered to the Banks as contemplated in the immediately preceding sentence is not subscribed for by the Banks, the Borrowers may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent as to any bank or financial institution that is not at such time a Bank (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), offer to any existing Bank or to one or more additional banks or financial institutions the opportunity to provide all or a portion of such unsubscribed portion of the increased 

53 

Commitments pursuant to paragraph (b) below. No Bank has an obligation to increase its Commitment pursuant to this subsection 2.20 except in its sole discretion. (b) Any additional bank or financial institution that the Borrowers select to offer the opportunity to provide any portion of the increased Commitments, and that elects to become a party to this Agreement and provide a Commitment, shall execute a New Bank Supplement with the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit N (a New Bank Supplement ), whereupon such bank or financial institution (a New Bank shall become a Bank for all purposes and to the same extent as if originally a party hereto and shall be bound by and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement, and Schedule II shall be deemed to be amended to add the name and Commitment of such New Bank, provided that the Commitment of any such New Bank shall be in an amount not less than 10,000,000. 
 (c) Any Bank that accepts an offer to it by the Borrowers to increase its Commitment pursuant to this subsection 2.20 shall, in each case, execute a Commitment Increase Supplement with the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit O (a Commitment Increase Supplement ), whereupon such Bank (an Increasing Bank shall be bound by and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement with respect to the full amount of its Commitment as so increased, and Schedule II shall be deemed to be amended to so increase the Commitment of such Bank. 
 (d) The effectiveness of any New Bank Supplement or Commitment Increase Supplement shall be contingent upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of such corporate resolutions of the Borrowers and legal opinions of counsel to the Borrowers as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request with respect thereto. 
 (e) (i) Except as otherwise provided in subparagraphs (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph (e), if any bank or financial institution becomes a New Bank pursuant to subsection 2.20(b) or any Bank s Commitment is increased pursuant to subsection 2.20(c), additional Committed Rate Loans made on or after the date of the effectiveness thereof (the Re-Allocation Date shall be made in accordance with the pro rata provisions of subsection 2.12(b) based on the Commitment Percentages in effect on and after such Re-Allocation Date (except to the extent that any such pro rata borrowings would result in any Bank making an aggregate principal amount of Committed Rate Loans in excess of its Commitment, in which case such excess amount will be allocated to, and made by, the relevant New Banks and Increasing Banks to the extent of, and in accordance with the pro rata provisions of subsection 2.12(b) based on, their respective Commitments). On each Re-Allocation Date, the Administrative Agent shall deliver such amended Schedule II and a notice to each Bank of the adjusted Commitment Percentages after giving effect to any increase in the aggregate Commitments made pursuant to this subsection 2.20 on such Re-Allocation Date. 
 (ii) In the event that on any such Re-Allocation Date there is an unpaid principal amount of ABR Loans, the applicable Borrower shall make prepayments thereof and one or both Borrowers shall make borrowings of ABR Loans , SONIA Loans and/or Eurocurrency Loans, as the applicable Borrower shall determine, so that, after giving effect thereto, the ABR Loans , SONIA Loans and Eurocurrency Loans outstanding are held as nearly as may be in accordance with the pro rata provisions of subsection 2.12(b) based on such new Commitment Percentages. 
 (iii) In the event that on any such Re-Allocation Date there is an unpaid principal amount of Eurocurrency Loans, such Eurocurrency Loans shall remain outstanding with the respective holders thereof until the expiration of their respective Interest Periods (unless the applicable Borrower elects to prepay any thereof in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement), and on the last day of the respective Interest Periods the applicable Borrower shall make prepayments thereof and 

54 

one or both Borrowers shall make borrowings of ABR Loans and/or Eurocurrency Loans so that, after giving effect thereto, the ABR Loans and Eurocurrency Loans outstanding are held as nearly as may be in accordance with the pro rata provisions of subsection 2.12(b) based on such new Commitment Percentages. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection 2.20, (i) in no event shall any transaction effected pursuant to this subsection 2.20 cause the aggregate Commitments to exceed 3,500,000,000, (ii) the Commitment of an individual Bank shall not, as a result of providing a new Commitment or of increasing its existing Commitment pursuant to this subsection 2.20, exceed 15 of the aggregate Commitments on any Re-Allocation Date and (iii) no Bank shall have any obligation to increase its Commitment unless it agrees to do so in its sole discretion. 
 (g) The Borrowers, at their own expense, shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent in exchange for the surrendered Notes of any Bank, if any, new Notes to such Bank and its registered assigns, if requested, in an amount equal to the Commitment of such Bank after giving effect to any increase in such Bank s Commitment. 
 2.21 [ Reserved ] . 
 2.22 [Reserved] . 
 2.23 Defaulting Banks . (a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Bank becomes a Defaulting Bank, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Bank is a Defaulting Bank: 
 (b) fees shall cease to accrue on the Available Commitment of such Defaulting Bank pursuant to subsection 2.4(a); 
 (c) the Commitment and Loans of such Defaulting Bank shall not be included in determining whether all Banks, the Majority Banks or the Required Banks have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment or waiver pursuant to subsection 10.1); provided that any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Banks or each affected Bank which affects such Defaulting Bank differently than other affected Banks shall require the consent of such Defaulting Bank; and 
 (d) any amount payable to such Defaulting Bank hereunder (whether on account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise and including any amount that would otherwise be payable to such Defaulting Bank pursuant to subsection 10.6 but excluding subsection 2.19) shall, in lieu of being distributed to such Defaulting Bank, be retained by the Administrative Agent in a segregated account and, subject to any applicable requirements of law, be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent, in the following order of priority: (i) first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Bank to the Administrative Agent hereunder, (ii) second, to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Bank has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement and (iii) third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, held in such account as cash collateral for future funding obligations of the Defaulting Bank in respect of any Loans under this Agreement. 
 The rights and remedies against a Defaulting Bank under this subsection 2.23 are in addition to other rights and remedies that the Borrowers may have against such Defaulting Bank. 

55 

In the event and on the date that the Administrative Agent and the Company each agree that a Defaulting Bank has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Bank to be a Defaulting Bank, then such Bank shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Banks (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Bank to hold such Loans in accordance with its Commitment Percentage and such Bank shall no longer be a Defaulting Bank; provided , that subject to subsection 10.15, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Bank arising from that Bank having become a Defaulting Bank, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Bank as a result of such Non-Defaulting Bank s increased exposure following such reallocation. 2.24 Judgment Currency . (a) If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum owing hereunder in one currency into another currency, each party hereto agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction, the first currency could be purchased with such other currency on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which final judgment is given. 
 (b) The obligations of the Borrowers in respect of any sum due to any party hereto or any holder of the obligations owing hereunder (the Applicable Creditor shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than the currency in which such sum is stated to be due hereunder (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day following receipt by the Applicable Creditor of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Applicable Creditor may in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency; if the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Applicable Creditor in the Agreement Currency, the Borrowers as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, agrees to indemnify the Applicable Creditor against such loss. The obligations of the Borrowers contained in this subsection 2.24 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all other amounts owing hereunder. 
 2.25 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate . (a) No later than 1:00 P.M., London time, on each Calculation Date with respect to a Foreign Currency, the Foreign Currency Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate as of such Calculation Date with respect to such Foreign Currency (it being acknowledged and agreed that the Foreign Currency Agent shall use such Exchange Rate for the purposes of determining compliance with subsection 2.1 with respect to such borrowing request). The Exchange Rates so determined shall become effective on the relevant Calculation Date, shall remain effective until the next succeeding Calculation Date and shall for all purposes of this Agreement (other than subsection 2.13(e) and subsection 2.24(a)) be the Exchange Rates employed in converting any amounts between Dollars and Foreign Currencies. 
 (b) No later than 5:00 P.M., London time, on each Calculation Date, the Foreign Currency Agent shall determine the aggregate amount of the Dollar Equivalents of the principal amounts of the Foreign Currency Loans then outstanding (after giving effect to any Foreign Currency Loans to be made or repaid on such date). 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrowers of each determination of an Exchange Rate hereunder. 
 2.26 [Reserved]. 
 2.27 Capital Corporation Guaranty . In order to induce the Banks to make Loans to JD Luxembourg, the Capital Corporation hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the 

56 

Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Banks and their respective successors, indorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and complete payment by JD Luxembourg when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Luxembourg Obligations. The Capital Corporation waives promptness, diligence, presentment to, demand of payment from and protest to JD Luxembourg of any Luxembourg Obligations, and also waives notice of acceptance of its obligations and notice of protest for nonpayment. The obligations of the Capital Corporation hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional and not be affected by (a) the failure of any Bank or the Administrative Agent to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against JD Luxembourg under the provisions of this Agreement or otherwise; (b) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement; (c) the failure of any Bank to exercise any right or remedy against JD Luxembourg; (d) the invalidity or unenforceability of this Agreement; or (e) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense available to or discharge of JD Luxembourg (other than payment). The Capital Corporation further agrees that its agreement hereunder constitutes a promise of payment when due and not of collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by any Bank to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of any Bank in favor of JD Luxembourg or any other Person. The obligations of the Capital Corporation hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason, and shall not be subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever, by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of the Luxembourg Obligations or otherwise. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the obligations of the Capital Corporation hereunder shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Bank to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy under this Agreement or any other agreement, by any waiver or modification in respect of any thereof, by any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of the Luxembourg Obligations, or by any other act or omission which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of the Capital Corporation or otherwise operate as a discharge of the Capital Corporation as a matter of law or equity. The Capital Corporation further agrees that its obligations hereunder shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of principal of or interest on any Luxembourg Obligation is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by the Administrative Agent or any Bank upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of JD Luxembourg or otherwise. In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right which the Administrative Agent or any Bank may have at law or in equity against the Capital Corporation by virtue hereof, upon the failure of JD Luxembourg to pay any Luxembourg Obligation when and as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, after notice of prepayment or otherwise, the Capital Corporation hereby promises to and will, upon receipt of written demand by the Administrative Agent, forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, in cash the amount of such unpaid Luxembourg Obligation. In the event that, by reason of the bankruptcy of JD Luxembourg, (i) acceleration of Loans made to JD Luxembourg is prevented and (ii) the Capital Corporation shall not have prepaid the outstanding Loans and other amounts due hereunder owed by JD Luxembourg, the Capital Corporation will forthwith purchase such Loans at a price equal to the principal amount thereof plus accrued interest thereon and any other amounts due hereunder with respect thereto. The Capital Corporation further agrees that if payment in respect of any Luxembourg Obligation shall be due in a currency other than Dollars and/or at a place of payment other than New York and if, by reason of any change in law, disruption of currency or foreign 

57 

exchange markets, war or civil disturbance or similar event, payment of such Luxembourg Obligation in such currency or such place of payment shall be impossible or, in the reasonable judgment of any applicable Bank, not consistent with the protection of its rights or interests, then, at the election of any applicable Bank, the Capital Corporation shall make payment of such Luxembourg Obligation in Dollars (based upon the applicable Exchange Rate in effect on the date of payment) and/or in New York. Notwithstanding any payment made by the Capital Corporation hereunder or any set-off or application of funds of the Capital Corporation by the Administrative Agent or any Bank, the Capital Corporation shall not be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rights of the Administrative Agent or any Bank against JD Luxembourg or any guarantee or right of offset held by the Administrative Agent or any Bank for the payment of the Luxembourg Obligations, until all amounts owing to the Administrative Agent and the Banks by JD Luxembourg on account of the Luxembourg Obligations are paid in full in cash. If any amount shall be paid to the Capital Corporation on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all of the Luxembourg Obligations shall not have been paid in full in cash, such amount shall be held by the Capital Corporation in trust for the Administrative Agent and the Banks, segregated from its other funds, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by it, be turned over to the Administrative Agent in the exact form received by it (duly indorsed by it to the Administrative Agent, if required), to be applied against the Luxembourg Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in such order as the Administrative Agent may determine. SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Each Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and to each Bank that: 3.1 Financial Condition . The consolidated balance sheet of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of November 1, 2020 and the related consolidated statements of income and of cash flow for the fiscal year then ended (including the related schedules and notes) reported on by Deloitte Touche LLP, copies of which have heretofore been furnished to each Bank, fairly present the consolidated financial condition of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at such date, and the consolidated results of their operations and changes in financial position for the fiscal year then ended. All such financial statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applied consistently throughout the periods involved (except as approved by such accountants or Responsible Officer, as the case may be, and as disclosed therein). 
 3.2 Corporate Existence . Such Borrower is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the corporate power and authority to own its properties and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged. 
 3.3 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations . Such Borrower has the corporate power and authority and the legal right to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and to borrow hereunder and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize its borrowings on the terms and conditions of this Agreement and to authorize its execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. No consent or authorization of, filing with, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority, is required in connection with the borrowings hereunder or with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement other than any such consents, authorizations, filings or acts as have been obtained, taken or made and are in full force and effect. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Borrower, and this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Borrower enforceable against such Borrower in 

58 

accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equity principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 3.4 No Legal Bar . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the borrowings hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof, will not violate any Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of such Borrower, and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any lien on any of its properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation. 
 3.5 No Material Litigation . No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of such Borrower, threatened by or against such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of its or their respective properties or revenues except actions, suits or proceedings which will not materially adversely affect the ability of such Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder. All of the defaults, if any, of such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any order of any Governmental Authority do not, and will not collectively, have a material adverse effect on the business, operations, property or financial condition of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
 3.6 Taxes . Each of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed all tax returns which, to the knowledge of such Borrower, are required to be filed (except where the failure to file such tax returns would not have a material adverse effect on the business, operations, property or financial condition of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole), and has paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns or on any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than assessments, taxes, fees and other charges the amount or validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of such Borrower or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be). 
 3.7 Margin Regulations . No part of the proceeds of any Loan hereunder will be used for any purpose which violates the provisions of Regulation U of the Board as now and from time to time hereafter in effect. 
 3.8 Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Loans will be used by such Borrower for its general corporate purposes, which shall include, but shall not be limited to, any purchase or other acquisition of all or a portion of the debt or stock or other evidences of ownership of such Borrower or the assets or stock or other evidences of ownership of any other Person or Persons. 
 3.9 Sanctions Laws and Regulations . None of the Borrowers or their respective Subsidiaries is a Designated Person, nor, to the best of each Borrower s knowledge, are any of its directors or officers or any directors or officers of its Subsidiaries. Each of the Borrowers and their employees is subject to a Code of Business Conduct (the Code of Conduct which is in full force and effect on the date hereof. Among the commitments in the Code of Conduct is the commitment that each of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, and their respective employees, comply with international trade, export control, and import laws in the sale of products including export controls. The Code of Conduct also applies to Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions Laws and Regulations. The Code of Conduct will apply to all activities undertaken by each Borrower and each of their Subsidiaries, including any use of the proceeds of this Agreement. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries will directly or to its knowledge indirectly use the proceeds of the Loans in violation of any Sanctions Laws and Regulations or any Anti-Corruption Laws. 

59 

3.10 Beneficial Ownership Certification . As of the Closing Date, to the knowledge of such Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Closing Date to any Bank in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all material respects. 
 SECTION 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 4.1 Conditions to Initial Loan . The obligation of each Bank to make its initial Loan hereunder is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
 (a) Counterparts . The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof, executed by all of the parties hereto (which, subject to subsection 10.8, may include any Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page). 
 (b) Resolutions . The Administrative Agent shall have received, with a counterpart for each Bank, resolutions, certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each Borrower (or in the case of JD Luxembourg, a certificate of directors of JD Luxembourg), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, adopted by the Board of Directors of such Borrower authorizing the execution of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder and any borrowings hereunder from time to time. 
 (c) Legal Opinions . The Administrative Agent shall have received, with a counterpart for each Bank, an opinion of Mary K.W. Jones, Esq., or her successor as General Counsel of the Company, an associate general counsel of the Company, or any other legal counsel of the Company reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Banks, substantially in the form of Exhibit G, and an opinion of Kirkland Ellis LLP, special counsel to the Borrowers, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Banks, substantially in the form of Exhibit H. Such opinions shall also cover such other matters incident to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably require. 
 (d) Incumbency Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received, with a counterpart for each Bank, a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each Borrower (or in the case of JD Luxembourg, a certificate signed by two directors of JD Luxembourg) certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of such Borrower authorized to sign this Agreement, together with evidence of the incumbency of such Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or in the case of JD Luxembourg, of such directors). 
 (e) Termination of Existing Credit Agreements . The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to it that the commitment of each financial institution to make loans pursuant to (i) the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2020, among the Company, the Capital Corporation, JD Luxembourg, the lenders parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, (ii) the 2,500,000,000 2024 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2020, among the Company, the Capital Corporation, JD Luxembourg, the lenders parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent and (iii) the 2,500,000,000 2025 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2020, among the Company, the Capital Corporation, JD Luxembourg, the lenders parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, shall have been terminated in full and the outstanding 

60 

principal amount of the indebtedness thereunder and all other amounts owing to any bank thereunder shall have been repaid or paid by the Borrowers. 
 (f) No Material Adverse Change Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, with a counterpart for each Bank, a certificate of a Responsible Officer for each of the Company and the Capital Corporation dated the date of this Agreement certifying that since November 1, 2020, at the date of such certificate there has been no material adverse change in the business, property, operations or financial condition of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
 (g) Fees . The Administrative Agent shall have received, for the accounts of the Banks and the Administrative Agent, and each Agent shall have received, for the account of such Agent, all accrued fees and expenses owing hereunder or in connection herewith to the Banks and the Agents to be received on the Closing Date. 
 (h) Beneficial Ownership Certification . To the extent any Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least three days prior to the Closing Date, any Bank that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrowers at least 10 days prior to the Closing Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Bank of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this subsection 4.1(h) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 
 (i) Additional Matters . All other documents which the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 
 4.2 Conditions to All Loans . The obligation of each Bank to make any Loan (which shall include the initial Loan to be made by it hereunder but shall not include any Loan made pursuant to subsection 2.20(e)(ii) or (iii) if, after the making of such Loan and the application of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Committed Rate Loans would not be increased) to be made by it hereunder on any Borrowing Date is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
 (a) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties made by the Borrowers herein or which are contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished by any Borrower at any time hereunder or in connection herewith (other than any representations and warranties which by the terms of such certificate, document or financial or other statement do not survive the execution of this Agreement) shall be correct on and as of the date of such Loan as if made on and as of such date except as such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date. 
 (b) No Default or Event of Default . No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date or after giving effect to the Loans to be made on such date and the application of the proceeds thereof. 
 (c) Additional Conditions to Bid Loans . If such Loan is made pursuant to subsection 2.2, all conditions set forth in subsection 2.2(f) shall have been satisfied. 
 Each acceptance by any Borrower of a Loan shall constitute a representation and warranty by the relevant Borrower as of the date of such Loan that the applicable conditions in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of this subsection 4.2 have been satisfied. 

61 

SECTION 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS Each of the Borrowers (except as otherwise specified) hereby agrees that, so long as there is any obligation by any Bank to make Loans to it hereunder, any Loan of such Borrower remains outstanding and unpaid or any other amount is owing by such Borrower to any Bank or any Agent hereunder (unless the Majority Banks shall otherwise consent in writing): 5.1 Financial Statements . Such Borrower (other than, with respect to clause (b) below, JD Luxembourg) shall furnish to each Bank: 
 (a) as soon as available, but in any event within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of such Borrower, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related consolidated statements of income and of cash flow for such year, reported on by (i) in the case of the Company and the Capital Corporation, Deloitte Touche LLP or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing in the United States and (ii) in the case of JD Luxembourg, Deloitte Touche LLP or other independent certified public accountants of recognized standing in Luxembourg or the European Union; and (b) as soon as available, but in any event not later than 60 days after the end of each of the first three quarterly periods of each fiscal year of such Borrower, the condensed unaudited consolidated balance sheet of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of each such quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statement of income of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such quarterly period and the portion of the fiscal year through such date, certified by a Responsible Officer of such Borrower (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments). All such financial statements described in clause (a) or (b) above shall present fairly the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries and be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (or, in the case of any such financial statements furnished by JD Luxembourg, international financial reporting standards in effect from time to time as applicable to JD Luxembourg, or such other accounting standards required by any applicable Luxembourg Governmental Authority) applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein (except as approved by such accountants or officer, as the case may be, and disclosed therein). The Company and the Capital Corporation shall be deemed to have furnished such financial statements to each Bank when they are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and posted on its EDGAR system, and JD Luxembourg shall be deemed to have furnished such financial statements to each Bank when they are delivered to the Administrative Agent via electronic mail or other electronic transmission. 5.2 Certificates; Other Information . Such Borrower (other than, with respect to clause (a) below, JD Luxembourg) shall furnish to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall make available to each Bank: 
 (a) within 10 days of the delivery of the financial statements referred to in subsections 5.1(a) and (b) above (or, if such financial statements are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and posted on its EDGAR system, within 10 days of the posting of such financial statements on the EDGAR system), a certificate of a Responsible Officer of such Borrower stating that (i) he has no knowledge of the occurrence and continuance of any Default or Event of Default except as specified in such certificate, in which case such certificate shall contain a description thereof and a statement of the 

62 

steps, if any, which such Borrower is taking, or proposes to take, to cure the same and (ii) the financial statements delivered pursuant to subsection 5.1 would not be materially different if prepared in accordance with GAAP except as specified in such certificate; and 
 (b) promptly, such additional financial and other information as any Bank may from time to time reasonably request. 
 5.3 Company Indenture Documents . The Company shall, contemporaneously with the delivery thereof to the trustee, furnish to each Bank a copy of any information, document or report required to be filed with the trustee pursuant to subsection 7.03 of the Indenture dated as of September 25, 2008 between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee. The Company shall be deemed to have furnished such information, document or report to each Bank when it is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and posted on its EDGAR system. 
 5.4 Capital Corporation Indenture Documents . The Capital Corporation shall, contemporaneously with the delivery thereof to the trustee, furnish to each Bank a copy of any information, document or report required to be filed with the trustee pursuant to (i) subsection 7.03 of the Indenture dated March 15, 1997, between the Capital Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York, successor trustee to The Chase Manhattan Bank), as trustee, as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture dated as of April 21, 2011, the second supplemental indenture dated as of April 17, 2014, and the third supplemental indenture dated as of April 7, 2017, and (ii) the Subordinated Indenture dated as of September 1, 2003, between the Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The Capital Corporation shall be deemed to have furnished such information, document or report to each Bank when it is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and posted on its EDGAR system. 
 5.5 Notice of Default . Such Borrower shall promptly give notice to the Administrative Agent of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, which notice shall be given in writing as soon as possible, and in any event within 10 days after a Responsible Officer of such Borrower obtains knowledge of such occurrence, with a description of the steps being taken to remedy the same (provided that such Borrower shall not be obligated to give notice of any Default or Event of Default which is remedied prior to or within 10 days after a Responsible Officer of such Borrower first acquires such knowledge). Upon receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof. 
 5.6 Ownership of Capital Corporation and JD Luxembourg Stock . The Company shall continue to own, directly or through one or more wholly-owned Subsidiaries, free and clear of any lien or other encumbrance, 51 of the voting stock of (i) the Capital Corporation and (ii) JD Luxembourg for so long as JD Luxembourg is a Borrower hereunder; provided , however, that the Capital Corporation may merge or consolidate with, or sell or convey substantially all of its assets to, the Company as provided in subsection 7.4. 
 5.7 Employee Benefit Plans . The Company shall maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, each Plan as to which it may have liability, in compliance with all applicable requirements of law and regulations. 
 5.8 Compliance . Each of the Borrowers shall comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, in all material respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, noncompliance with which would reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect (i) the financial condition or operations of such Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) the ability of such Borrower to perform its obligations under this Agreement. 

63 

SECTION 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY The Company hereby agrees that, so long as there is any obligation by any Bank to make Loans hereunder, any Loan remains outstanding and unpaid or any other amount is owing to any Agent or any Bank hereunder, it shall not, nor in the case of subsections 6.2 and 6.3 shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to (unless the Majority Banks shall otherwise consent in writing): 6.1 Company May Consolidate, etc., Only on Certain Terms . Consolidate with or merge with or into any other corporation or convey or transfer its properties and assets, including pursuant to a Division, substantially as an entirety to any Person, unless: 
 (a) either the Company shall be the continuing corporation, or the corporation (if other than the Company) formed by such consolidation or into which the Company is merged or the Person which acquires by conveyance, Division or transfer the properties and assets of the Company substantially as an entirety shall expressly assume, by an assumption agreement, executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent, in form satisfactory to the Majority Banks, the due and punctual payment of the principal of and interest on the Loans to the Company and the performance of every covenant of this Agreement on the part of the Company to be performed or observed; 
 (b) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default, shall have happened and be continuing; 
 (c) if as a result thereof any property or assets of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary would become subject to any Mortgage not permitted by (i) through (xii) of subsection 6.2(a) or subsection 6.2(b), compliance shall be effected with the first clause of subsection 6.2(a); and 
 (d) the Company and the successor Person have delivered to the Administrative Agent an officers certificate signed by two Responsible Officers of the Company stating that such consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer and such assumption agreement comply with this subsection 6.1 and that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction have been complied with. 
 6.2 Limitation on Liens . (a) Issue, incur, assume or guarantee any debt (hereinafter in this subsection referred to as Debt secured by any mortgage, security interest, pledge, lien or other encumbrance (hereinafter called Mortgage or Mortgages upon any Important Property, or upon any shares of stock or indebtedness issued or incurred by any Restricted Subsidiary (whether such Important Property, shares of stock or indebtedness is now owned or hereafter acquired) without in any such case effectively providing, concurrently with the issuance, incurrence, assumption or guaranty of any such Debt, that the Loans and all other amounts hereunder (together with, if the Company shall so determine, any other indebtedness of or guaranty by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary ranking equally with the Loans then existing or thereafter created) shall be secured equally and ratably with or prior to such Debt; provided, however, that the foregoing restrictions shall not apply to: 
 (i) Mortgages on any property acquired, constructed or improved by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary after the date of this Agreement which are created or assumed contemporaneously with, or within 120 days after, such acquisition, construction or improvement to secure or provide for the payment of all or any part of the purchase price of such property or the cost of such construction or improvement incurred after the date of this Agreement, or (in addition to Mortgages contemplated by clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) below) Mortgages on any property existing at the time of acquisition thereof; provided that such Mortgages shall not apply to any Important Property theretofore owned by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary other than, in the case of any such construction or 

64 

improvement, any theretofore unimproved real property on which the property so constructed, or the improvement, is located; 
 (ii) Mortgages on any property, shares of stock, or indebtedness existing at the time of acquisition thereof from a corporation which is consolidated with or merged into, or substantially all of the assets of which are acquired by, the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (iii) Mortgages on property of a corporation existing at the time such corporation becomes a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (iv) Mortgages to secure Debt of a Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or to another Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (v) Mortgages in favor of the United States of America or any State thereof, or any department, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States of America or any State thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of constructing or improving the property subject to such Mortgages and Mortgages given to secure indebtedness incurred in connection with the financing of construction of pollution control facilities, the interest on which indebtedness is exempt from income taxes under the Code; 
 (vi) any deposit or pledge of assets (1) with any surety company or clerk of any court, or in escrow, as collateral in connection with, or in lieu of, any bond on appeal from any judgment or decree against the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, or in connection with other proceedings or actions at law or in equity by or against the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, or (2) as security for the performance of any contract or undertaking not directly related to the borrowing of money or the securing of indebtedness, if made in the ordinary course of business, or (3) with any governmental agency, which deposit or pledge is required or permitted to qualify the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary to conduct business, to maintain self-insurance, or to obtain the benefits of any law pertaining to worker s compensation, unemployment insurance, old age pensions, social security, or similar matters, or (4) made in the ordinary course of business to obtain the release of mechanics , workmen s, repairmen s, warehousemen s or similar liens, or the release of property in the possession of a common carrier; 
 (vii) Mortgages existing on property acquired by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary through the exercise of rights arising out of defaults on receivables acquired in the ordinary course of business; 
 (viii) judgment liens, so long as the finality of such judgment is being contested in good faith and execution thereon is stayed; 
 (ix) Mortgages for the sole purpose of extending, renewing or replacing in whole or in part Debt secured by any Mortgage referred to in the foregoing clauses (i) to (viii), inclusive, or in this clause (ix), provided , however , that the principal amount of Debt secured thereby shall not exceed the principal amount of Debt so secured at the time of such extension, renewal or replacement, and that such extension, renewal or replacement shall be limited to all or a part of the property which secured the Mortgage so extended, renewed or replaced (plus improvements on such property); 
 (x) liens for taxes or assessments or governmental charges or levies not yet due or delinquent, or which can thereafter be paid without penalty, or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; landlord s liens on property held under lease; and any other liens of a nature similar to those hereinabove described in this clause (x) which do not, in the opinion of the Company, 

65 

materially impair the use of such property in the operation of the business of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or the value of such property for the purposes of such business; 
 (xi) Mortgages on Margin Stock owned by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent such Margin Stock so mortgaged exceeds 25 of the fair market value of the sum of the Important Property of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries plus the shares of stock (including Margin Stock) and indebtedness issued or incurred by the Restricted Subsidiaries; and 
 (xii) Mortgages on any Important Property of, or any shares of stock or indebtedness issued or incurred by, any Restricted Subsidiary organized under the laws of Canada. 
 (b) (i) The provisions of subsection 6.2(a) shall not apply to the issuance, incurrence, assumption or guarantee by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of Debt secured by a Mortgage which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions up to an aggregate amount which, together with the sum of (A) all other Debt issued or incurred by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries secured by Mortgages (other than Mortgages permitted by subsection 6.2(a)) which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions and (B) the Attributable Debt in respect of Sale and Lease-back Transactions in existence at such time (other than Sale and Lease-back Transactions which, if the Attributable Debt in respect of such Sale and Lease-back Transaction had been a Mortgage, would have been permitted by clause (i) of subsection 6.2(a) and other than Sale and Lease-back Transactions the proceeds of which have been applied in accordance with subsection 6.3(b)) does not at the time exceed 5 of Consolidated Net Worth. 
 (ii) For purposes of this Agreement, the term Consolidated Net Worth shall mean the aggregate of capital and surplus of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries, less minority interests in Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with GAAP; and the term Attributable Debt shall mean, as of any particular time, the present value, discounted at a rate per annum equal to the interest rate set forth in the Company s 8-1/2 Debentures Due 2022, compounded semi-annually, of the obligation of a lessee for rental payments during the remaining term of any lease (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended); the net amount of rent required to be paid for any such period shall be the total amount of the rent payable by the lessee with respect to such period, but may exclude amounts required to be paid on account of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates and similar charges; and, in the case of any lease which is terminable by the lessee upon the payment of a penalty, such net amount shall also include the amount of such penalty, but no rent shall be considered as required to be paid under such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be so terminated. 
 (c) If, upon any consolidation or merger of any Restricted Subsidiary with or into any other corporation, or upon any consolidation or merger of any other corporation with or into the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or upon any sale or conveyance of the property of any Restricted Subsidiary as an entirety or substantially as an entirety to any other Person, or upon any acquisition by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary by purchase or otherwise of all or any part of the property of any other Person, any Important Property theretofore owned by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would thereupon become subject to any Mortgage not permitted by the terms of subsection (a) or (b) of this subsection 6.2, the Company, prior to such consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance, or acquisition, will, or will cause such Restricted Subsidiary to, secure payment of the principal of and interest on the Loans (equally and ratably with or prior to any other indebtedness of the Company or such Subsidiary then entitled thereto) by a direct lien on all such property prior to all liens other than any liens theretofore existing thereon by an assumption agreement or otherwise. 

66 

(d) If at any time the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary shall issue, incur, assume or guarantee any Debt secured by any Mortgage not permitted by this subsection 6.2, to which the covenant in subsection 6.2(a) is applicable, the Company will promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent (with counterparts for each Bank): 
 (i) an officers certificate signed by two Responsible Officers of the Company stating that the covenant of the Company contained in paragraph (a) or (c) of this subsection 6.2 has been complied with; and 
 (ii) an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to the effect that such covenant has been complied with, and that any instruments executed by the Company in the performance of such covenant comply with the requirements of such covenant. 
 6.3 Limitations on Sale and Lease-back Transactions . Enter into any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of any Important Property owned or hereafter acquired by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary (except for temporary leases for a term, including any renewal thereof, of not more than three years and except for leases between the Company and a Restricted Subsidiary or between Restricted Subsidiaries), which Important Property has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary to such Person (herein referred to as a Sale and Lease-back Transaction unless the net proceeds of such sale are at least equal to the fair value (as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable) of such property and either (a) the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would be entitled, pursuant to the provisions of (1) subsection 6.2(a)(i) or (2) subsection 6.2(b), to incur Debt secured by a Mortgage on the Important Property to be leased without equally and ratably securing the Loans, or (b) the Company shall, and in any such case the Company covenants that it will, within 120 days of the effective date of any such arrangement, apply an amount equal to the fair value (as so determined) of such property to the reduction of the Commitments (to be accompanied by prepayment of the Loans in accordance with subsection 2.6 to the extent that the principal amount thereof outstanding prior to such prepayment would exceed the Commitments as so reduced) or to the payment or other retirement of funded debt for money borrowed, incurred or assumed by the Company which ranks senior to or pari passu with the Loans or of funded debt for money borrowed, incurred or assumed by any Restricted Subsidiary (other than, in either case, funded debt owned by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary). For this purpose, funded debt means any Debt which by its terms matures at or is extendable or renewable at the sole option of the obligor without requiring the consent of the obligee to a date more than twelve months after the date of the creation of such Debt. 
 6.4 Equipment Operations Debt . Permit Equipment Operations Debt as at the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of any fiscal year of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries) to exceed 65 of the sum, at the end of each such fiscal quarter, of (i) Equipment Operations Debt plus (ii) Total Stockholders Equity. 
 SECTION 7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF THE CAPITAL CORPORATION The Capital Corporation hereby agrees that, so long as there is any obligation by any Bank to make Loans to the Capital Corporation hereunder, any Loan of the Capital Corporation remains outstanding and unpaid or any other amount is owing by the Capital Corporation to any Bank or any Agent hereunder, the Capital Corporation shall not, nor in the case of the agreements set forth in subsection 7.3 shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly (unless the Majority Banks shall otherwise consent in writing): 

67 

7.1 Fixed Charges Ratio . Permit the ratio of Net Earnings Available for Fixed Charges to Fixed Charges for any fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the last quarter of any fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) to be less than 1.05 to 1. 
 7.2 Consolidated Senior Debt to Consolidated Capital Base . Permit the ratio of Consolidated Senior Debt to Consolidated Capital Base as at the end of any fiscal quarter of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including the end of any fiscal year of the Capital Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries) to be more than 11 to 1. 
 7.3 Limitation on Liens . Issue, incur, assume or guarantee any Debt secured by any Mortgage upon any of its property or assets, or any of the property or assets of any of its Subsidiaries (whether any such property or assets is now owned or hereafter acquired) without in any such case effectively providing, concurrently with the issuance, incurrence, assumption or guaranty of any such Debt, that the Loans and all other amounts hereunder (together with, if the Capital Corporation shall so determine, any other indebtedness of or guaranty by such Borrower or such Subsidiary ranking equally with the Loans then existing or thereafter created) shall be secured equally and ratably with or prior to such Debt; provided, however, that the foregoing restrictions shall not apply to: 
 (a) Mortgages on fixed assets or other physical properties hereafter acquired to secure all or part of the purchase price thereof or the acquiring hereafter of such assets or properties subject to any existing lien or charge securing indebtedness (whether or not assumed); 
 (b) easements, liens, franchises or other minor encumbrances on or over any real property which do not materially detract from the value of such property or its use in the business of the Capital Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation; 
 (c) any deposit or pledge of assets (i) with any surety company or clerk of any court, or in escrow, as collateral in connection with or in lieu of, any bond on appeal from any judgment or decree against the Capital Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation, or in connection with other proceedings or actions at law or in equity by or against the Capital Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation or (ii) as security for the performance of any contract or undertaking not directly or indirectly related to the borrowing of money or the securing of indebtedness, if made in the ordinary course of business, or (iii) with any governmental agency, which deposit or pledge is required or permitted to qualify the Capital Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation to conduct business, to maintain self-insurance, or to obtain the benefits of any law pertaining to workmen s compensation, unemployment insurance, old age pensions, social security, or similar matters, or (iv) made in the ordinary course of business to obtain the release of mechanics , workmen s, repairmen s, warehousemen s or similar liens, or the release of property in the possession of a common carrier; 
 (d) Mortgages by a Subsidiary as security for indebtedness owed to the Capital Corporation or to any other Subsidiary; 
 (e) liens for taxes and governmental charges not yet due or contested by appropriate proceedings in good faith; 
 (f) Mortgages existing on property acquired by the Capital Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation through the exercise of rights arising out of defaults on receivables acquired in the ordinary course of business; 

68 

(g) judgment liens, so long as the finality of such judgment is being contested in good faith and execution thereon is stayed; 
 (h) any Mortgage (other than directly or indirectly to secure borrowed money) if, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal sums secured by pledges or liens otherwise within the restrictions in clauses (a) through (h) of this subsection 7.3 do not exceed 500,000; 
 (i) any Mortgage securing Securitization Indebtedness; 
 (j) Mortgages on Margin Stock owned by the Capital Corporation and its Subsidiaries to the extent such Margin Stock exceeds 25 of the fair market value of property and assets of the Capital Corporation and its Subsidiaries (including Margin Stock); 
 (k) cash collateral provided to any counterparty of the Capital Corporation or to any Subsidiary of the Capital Corporation in connection with any Hedging Transaction; and 
 (l) Mortgages on the assets of Capital Corporation in connection with (i) extensions of credit by a unit of a Governmental Authority through a discount window or similar facility or arrangement and (ii) borrowings from loan or subsidy programs operated by or on behalf of a Governmental Authority when the provision of such Mortgage is required by such loan or subsidy program. 
 7.4 Consolidation; Merger . Merge or consolidate with or sell or convey (including pursuant to a Division and other than a conveyance by way of lease) all or substantially all of its assets to, any other corporation, unless (a) the Capital Corporation shall be the surviving corporation in the case of a merger or the Division Successor in the case of a Division, or the surviving, resulting or transferee corporation or Division Successor (the successor corporation shall be a corporation organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof or the District of Columbia and shall expressly assume the due and punctual performance of all of the agreements, covenants and obligations of the Capital Corporation under this Agreement by supplemental agreement satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent by the successor corporation and (b) the Capital Corporation or such successor corporation, as the case may be, shall not, immediately after such merger, consolidation, Division, sale or conveyance, be in default in the performance of any such agreements, covenants or obligations; provided, however, that the Capital Corporation may merge or consolidate with, or sell or convey substantially all of its assets to, the Company, if (i) the Company is the successor corporation (as defined above) and (ii) subclause (b) above is complied with; provided further that no Division of Capital Corporation shall be permitted unless there is a Division Successor. Upon any such merger, consolidation, sale, Division or conveyance, the successor corporation shall succeed to and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of and shall be subject to all the obligations of, the Capital Corporation under this Agreement, with the same effect as if the successor corporation had been named as the Capital Corporation herein and therein. 
 SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any of the following events: (a) A Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when due in accordance with the terms hereof or to pay any interest on any Loan, in each case within two Business Days after any such amount becomes due in accordance with the terms hereof or shall fail to pay any other amount payable hereunder within five Business Days after any such other amount becomes due in accordance with the terms thereof or hereof; or 

69 

(b) Any representation or warranty made or pursuant to subsection 4.2 deemed made by a Borrower herein or which is contained in any material certificate, material document or material financial statement or other material statement furnished at any time under or in connection with this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made; or 
 (c) The Company shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in subsection 5.6, 6.1 or 6.4, or the Capital Corporation shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in subsections 7.1, 7.2 or 7.4; or 
 (d) A Borrower shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those agreements referred to above in this Section 8), and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof shall have been given to such Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any of the Banks through the Administrative Agent; or 
 (e) (i) A Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall default in any payment of principal of or interest on any indebtedness for borrowed money (other than the Loans and any Securitization Indebtedness) in a principal amount in excess of 175,000,000 in the aggregate, or any interest or premium thereon, when due (whether at scheduled maturity or by required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) and such failure shall continue beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such indebtedness was created; or (ii) any other default (other than any default arising solely out of a Borrower s, or any of its Significant Subsidiaries , violation of any arrangement with any Bank, or any affiliate of any Bank, in any way restricting such Borrower s, or such Significant Subsidiary s, right or ability to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of Margin Stock other than Restricted Margin Stock), or any other event that with notice or the lapse of time, or both, would constitute such a default, under any agreement or instrument relating to any such indebtedness for borrowed money (other than the Loans), shall occur and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such default or event is to accelerate the maturity of such indebtedness; or (iii) any such indebtedness for borrowed money shall, by reason of default, be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid, prior to the stated maturity thereof (unless such indebtedness is declared due and payable, or required to be prepaid, solely by reason of any Borrower s, or any of its Significant Subsidiaries , violation of any arrangement with any Bank, or any affiliate of any Bank, in any way restricting such Borrower s, or such Significant Subsidiary s, right or ability to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of Margin Stock other than Restricted Margin Stock); provided that, no Event of Default under this subsection 8(e) shall occur or be continuing if such failure, default or breach has been waived by the holder(s) or trustee or agent on behalf of such holder(s) of such indebtedness unless payment of such indebtedness has been accelerated and such acceleration has not been waived; or 
 (f) (i) A Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall commence any case, proceeding or other action (A) under any existing or future law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or its debts, or (B) seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial part of its assets, or such Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (ii) there shall be commenced against a Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in clause (i) above which (A) results in the entry of an order for relief or any such adjudication or appointment or (B) remains undismissed, undischarged or unbonded for a period of 90 days; or 

70 

(g) Any action is undertaken to terminate any Plan as to which a Borrower, or any Subsidiary of a Borrower, may have liability, or any such Plan is terminated or such Borrower or Subsidiary withdraws from such Plan, or any Reportable Event as to any such Plan shall occur, and there shall exist a deficiency in the assets available to satisfy the benefits guaranteeable under ERISA with respect to such Plan, in the aggregate for all such Plans with respect to which any of the foregoing shall have occurred in the immediately preceding 12 consecutive months, of more than 25 of the Consolidated Net Worth of such Borrower and in the reasonable judgment of the Required Banks, such occurrence is reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, operations or financial condition of the Borrowers; or 
 (h) Any Person shall own beneficially, directly or indirectly, 30 or more of the common stock of the Company; or any Person shall have the power, direct or indirect, to vote securities having 30 or more of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors of the Company or shall own beneficially, directly or indirectly, securities having such power, provided that there shall not be included among the securities as to which any such Person has such power to vote or which such Person so owns securities owned by such Person as nominee for the direct or indirect beneficial owner thereof or securities as to which such power to vote arises by virtue of proxies solicited by the management of the Company; or 
 (i) So long as any Luxembourg Obligations remain outstanding or JD Luxembourg is a party to this Agreement, the guaranty in subsection 2.27 shall cease, for any reason, to be in full force and effect or any Borrower shall so assert; 
 then, and in any such event, (A) if such event is an Event of Default specified in paragraph (f) above, automatically the Commitments shall immediately terminate and the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the Loans shall immediately become due and payable, and (B)(1) if such event is an Event of Default specified in paragraph (a) or (e), then with the consent of the Majority Banks, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Majority Banks, the Administrative Agent shall, or (2) if such event is an Event of Default specified in paragraph (b), (c), (d), (g) or (h), then with the consent of the Required Banks, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Banks, the Administrative Agent shall, take either or both of the following actions: (i) by notice to the Borrowers, declare the Commitments to be terminated forthwith, whereupon the Commitments shall immediately terminate; and (ii) by notice of default to the Borrowers, declare the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable. Except as expressly provided above in this Section, presentment, demand, protest and all other notices of any kind are hereby expressly waived with respect to this Agreement by the Borrowers. SECTION 9. THE AGENTS 9.1 Appointment . (a) Each Bank hereby irrevocably designates and appoints JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as the Administrative Agent of such Bank under this Agreement, and each Bank hereby irrevocably authorizes JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as the Administrative Agent for such Bank, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of this Agreement, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the parties hereto hereby agree that neither the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, Lead Arrangers nor Bookrunners on the cover of this Agreement shall have any rights, duties, responsibilities or liabilities in 

71 

such respective capacity under this Agreement nor shall any such Person have the authority to take any action hereunder in its capacity as such. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, no Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Bank, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or otherwise exist against any Agent. 
 (d) Each of the Banks hereby exempts the Administrative Agent and Foreign Currency Agent from the restrictions pursuant to section 181 Civil Code B rgerliches Gesetzbuch and similar restrictions applicable to it pursuant to any other applicable law, in each case to the extent legally possible to such Bank. A Bank which cannot grant such exemption shall notify the Administrative Agent and Foreign Currency Agent accordingly and, upon request of the Administrative Agent or Foreign Currency Agent, as applicable, either act in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and/or any other Loan Document as required pursuant to this Agreement and/or such other Loan Document or grant a special power of attorney to a party acting on its behalf, in a manner that is not prohibited pursuant to section 181 of the German Civil Code B rgerliches Gesetzbuch and/or any other applicable laws. 
 9.2 Delegation of Duties . Each Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement by or through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. Each Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care. 
 9.3 Exculpatory Provisions . Neither any Agent nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates shall be (i) liable to any Bank for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or such Person under or in connection with this Agreement (except for its or such Person s own gross negligence or willful misconduct as finally determined by a non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction), or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Banks for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by the Borrowers or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by any Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or for any failure of the Borrowers to perform their obligations hereunder. No Agent shall be under any obligation to any Bank to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement, or to inspect the properties, books or records of the Borrowers. 
 9.4 Reliance by Agents . (a) Each Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any Loan, writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, cablegram, telegram, facsimile, telex or teletype message, statement, order or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including, without limitation, counsel to the Borrowers), independent accountants and other experts selected by such Agent. Each Agent may deem and treat the payee of any Loan as the owner thereof for all purposes except as provided in subsections 10.5(c) and 10.5(d). Each Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any discretionary action under this Agreement unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Majority Banks as it deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Banks against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Each Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement in accordance with a request 

72 

of the Majority Banks, the Required Banks or all of the Banks (if the consent of the Majority Banks, the Required Banks or all of the Banks, respectively, is required), and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Banks. (b) (i) Each Bank hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Bank that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Bank from the Administrative Agent or any of its affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Bank (whether or not known to such Bank), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Bank shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Bank to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect , and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Bank shall not assert, and hereby waives any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Bank under this subsection 9.4(b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (ii) Each Bank hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Bank agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Bank to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. (iii) The Borrowers hereby agree that (x) in the event that the returning of an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) made with funds of the Administrative Agent or an affiliate thereof has been demanded by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this subsection 9.4(b) and has not been recovered from any Bank that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Bank with respect to such amount unless and until such amounts are recovered by the Administrative Agent and (y) an erroneous Payment made by the Administrative Agent or an affiliate thereof shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Loans owed by the Borrowers. (iv) Each Bank s and each Issuing Bank s obligations under this subsection 9.4(b) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Bank, the termination of the Commitments, the payment in full of all amounts payable hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. 

73 

9.5 Notice of Default . The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from a Bank or either Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Banks. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Majority Banks, the Required Banks or all Banks, as applicable; provided that, unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received such directions, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the Banks. 
 9.6 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Banks . Each Bank expressly acknowledges that neither any Agent nor any of its respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by such Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of the Borrowers, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by such Agent to any Bank. Each Bank represents to each Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon such Agent or any other Bank, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of each Borrower and made its own decision to make its Loans hereunder and enter into this Agreement. Each Bank also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon each Agent or any other Bank, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrowers. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Banks by any Agent hereunder, such Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Bank with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of a Borrower which may come into the possession of such Agent or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates. 
 9.7 Indemnification . (a) The Banks agree to indemnify each Agent in its capacity as such (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrowers and without limiting the obligation of the Borrowers to do so), ratably (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever which may at any time (including without limitation at any time following the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement, or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or the transactions contemplated hereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that no Bank shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this subsection 9.7 shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 (b) Each Bank shall indemnify the Administrative Agent for the full amount of any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, deductions, withholdings or similar charges imposed by any Governmental Authority that are attributable to such Bank and that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent, together with all interest, penalties, reasonable costs and expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Bank by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

74 

9.8 Agents in their Individual Capacities . Each Agent and its respective affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrowers as though such Agent were not an Agent hereunder. With respect to its Loans made by it, each Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any Bank and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and the terms Bank and Banks shall include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity. 
 9.9 Successor Agents . Each Agent may resign as Agent upon 30 days notice thereof to the Borrowers and the Banks. If the Administrative Agent shall resign as Administrative Agent under this Agreement, then the Majority Banks shall appoint from among the Banks a successor administrative agent for the Banks which successor administrative agent shall be approved by the Borrowers, whereupon such successor administrative agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the Administrative Agent and the term Administrative Agent shall mean such successor administrative agent effective upon its appointment, and the former Administrative Agent s rights, powers and duties as Administrative Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Administrative Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement. Upon any resignation by the Foreign Currency Agent, (i) the Foreign Currency Agent may appoint one of its affiliates acting through an office in the European Union as a successor Foreign Currency Agent and (ii) if the Foreign Currency Agent has not appointed one of its affiliates acting through an office in the European Union as a successor Foreign Currency Agent pursuant to clause (i) above, then the Majority Banks shall appoint from among the Banks a successor foreign currency agent for the Banks which successor foreign currency agent shall be approved by the Borrowers, whereupon in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), such successor foreign currency agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the Foreign Currency Agent and the term Foreign Currency Agent shall mean such successor foreign currency agent effective upon its appointment, and the former Foreign Currency Agent s rights, powers and duties as Foreign Currency Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Foreign Currency Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement. After any retiring Agent s resignation hereunder as Agent, the provisions of this Section 9 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement. 
 SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS 10.1 Amendments and Waivers . Subject to subsection 2.11(b), (c) and (d) and subsection 10.1(c) below, with the written consent of the Majority Banks, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers may, from time to time, enter into written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or changing in any manner the rights of the Banks or of the Borrowers hereunder, and with the consent of the Majority Banks the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Banks may execute and deliver to the Borrowers a written instrument waiving, on such terms and conditions as the Administrative Agent may specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences; provided , however, that no such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification shall (a) extend the maturity of any Loan, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest thereon, or reduce the principal amount thereof, or reduce the rate of any fee payable hereunder or extend the time of payment thereof, in each case, without the written consent of (i) with respect to any such change to any Committed Rate Loan, each Bank directly affected thereby and (ii) with respect to any such change to any Bid Loan, the Bank which made such Bid Loan, or (b) change the amount of any Bank s Commitment or the terms of its obligation to make Loans hereunder (other than in accordance with subsection 2.20), or amend, modify or waive the pro rata treatment and payment provisions of subsection 2.12(b), or amend, modify or waive any provision of this subsection 10.1, or reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Majority Banks or Required Banks, or consent to the assignment or transfer by either Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, in each case without the written consent of each Bank, or (c) 

75 

amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 9 without the written consent of the then Administrative Agent and, if applicable, any other Agent affected by such amendment, modification or waiver, or (d) extend the Termination Date with respect to any Bank without the written consent of such Bank; provided , further , however, that no such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification shall waive, amend, supplement or otherwise modify subsections 2.16 without the written consent of the Required Banks, or (e) so long as any Luxembourg Obligations remain outstanding or JD Luxembourg is a party to this Agreement, release Capital Corporation from its guarantee obligations under subsection 2.27 without the written consent of each Bank; and provided , further , that notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may act pursuant to subsection 2.11(b) to establish, in conjunction with the Borrowers, an alternate rate of interest. Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the Banks and shall be binding upon the Borrowers, the Banks and the Agents. In the case of any waiver, the Borrowers, the Banks and the Agents shall be restored to their former position and rights hereunder, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default, or impair any right consequent thereon. Anything contained in the foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, the relevant Borrower and the relevant Bank with respect to a Negotiated Rate Loan may, from time to time, enter into amendments, supplements or modifications for the purpose of adding any provisions to such Negotiated Rate Loans or changing in any manner the rights of such Bank and such Borrower thereunder and such Bank may waive any of the requirements of such Negotiated Rate Loan; provided , however, that such Borrower and such Bank shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any extension of the maturity of such Negotiated Rate Loan or reduction of the principal amount thereof; provided, further, that such Borrower and such Bank shall not extend the maturity of such Negotiated Rate Loan beyond the last day of the Commitment Period. 10.2 Notices . All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing, by facsimile transmission, by telephone confirmed in writing and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered by hand, or when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, or, in the case of facsimile transmission, when received, addressed as follows in the case of the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, or to such address or other address as may be hereafter notified by the respective parties hereto: 
 The Borrowers: The Company: Deere Company Attention: Treasurer One John Deere Place Moline, Illinois 61265 Telephone: 309-765-9259 Facsimile: 309-765-0559 The Capital Corporation: John Deere Capital Corporation Attention: Manager 1 East First Street Suite 600 Reno, Nevada 89501 Telephone: 775-786-5527 Facsimile: 775-786-4145 

76 

JD Luxembourg: John Deere Bank S.A. 43, avenue John F. Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Facsimile: + 352 26 29 90 200 with a copy to: Deere Company Attention: Treasurer One John Deere Place Moline, Illinois 61265 Telephone: 309-765-9259 Facsimile: 309-765-0559 The Administrative Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Attention: Loan Agency Services Group 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Telephone: 302-634-9770 Facsimile: 302-634-4733 Email: harmeet.kaur@chase.com with a copy to: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Attention: Sean D. Bodkin 8181 Communications Pkwy Bldg B, Floor 06 Plano, Texas 75024-0239 Telephone: 972-324-1749 Email: sean.bodkin@chase.com The Foreign Currency Agent: J.P. Morgan AG 25 Bank Street London E14 5JP United Kingdom Telephone: +44 203 4930699 and +44 207 7421911 Email: loan_and_agency_london@jpmorgan.com To any other Bank: To it at its address (or facsimile number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire 
 provided that any notice, request or demand to or upon the Administrative Agent or the Banks pursuant to subsections 2.1, 2.2, 2.5, 2.6, 2.9, 2.11, 2.20 and 9.9 shall not be effective until received (including receipt by telephone if permitted hereby). 10.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies . No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of either Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Bank, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges 

77 

herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 10.4 Payment of Expenses . (a) The Company agrees (i) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent for all its out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement or modification to, this Agreement and any other documents prepared in connection herewith, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby in such manner and in such amounts as shall be agreed to in writing by the Company and the Administrative Agent, (ii) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent for the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent incurred in connection with the preparation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement, modification to, this Agreement and other documents prepared in connection herewith, and the consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby and thereby, and (iii) to pay or reimburse each Bank and each Agent for all its out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement or preservation of any rights under this Agreement and any such other documents, including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel to each Agent and one counsel representing the Banks; provided , however , that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to reimburse, indemnify or otherwise make any payment pursuant to this subsection 10.4 with respect to any registration duty payable in Luxembourg upon registration of this Agreement in Luxembourg except for any Luxembourg tax payable due to a registration of the Agreement when such registration is required to maintain, preserve, establish or enforce any rights of any Agent or Bank. 
 (b) The Company and the Capital Corporation agree jointly and severally to indemnify and hold harmless each Agent and each Bank and each director, officer, partner, employee, affiliate and agent thereof (each, an Indemnified Person against, and to reimburse each Indemnified Person, upon its demand, for, any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or other expenses Losses to which such Indemnified Person may become subject insofar as such Losses arise out of or in any way relate to or result from this Agreement or the extensions of credit made hereunder (including the responsibilities, duties and obligations of the Banks hereunder and their agreement to make Loans hereunder), including, without limitation, Losses consisting of legal or other expenses incurred in connection with investigating, defending or participating in any legal proceeding relating to the foregoing (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto); provided , that the foregoing will not apply to any Losses to the extent they result from (i) the negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person as finally determined by a non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) any dispute solely among Indemnified Persons (other than any claims against an Indemnified Person in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as an Agent or Issuing Bank under this Agreement) and which does not arise out of or relate to an act or omission of the Company or any of its affiliates. This indemnity agreement shall be in addition to any liability which either Borrower may otherwise have and shall be subject to the following paragraph. 
 (c) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person under subsection 10.4(b) of written notice of any loss, claim, damage or liability in respect of which indemnity may be sought by it hereunder, such Indemnified Person will, if a claim is to be made against the Borrowers, notify the Borrowers thereof in writing; but the omission so to notify the Borrowers will not relieve the Borrowers from any liability (otherwise than under this subsection 10.4) which they may have to any Indemnified Person except as may be required or provided otherwise than under this subsection 10.4. Thereafter, the Indemnified Person and the Borrowers shall consult, to the extent appropriate, with a view to minimizing the cost to the Borrowers of their obligations hereunder. In case any Indemnified Person receives written notice of any loss, claim, damage or liability in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder by it and it notifies the Borrowers thereof, the Borrowers will be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that they may elect by written notice delivered to the Indemnified Person promptly after receiving 

78 

the aforesaid notice from such Indemnified Person, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory at all times to such Indemnified Person; provided , however , that (i) if the parties against whom any loss, claim, damage or liability arises include both the Indemnified Person and a Borrower or any Subsidiary of a Borrower and the Indemnified Person shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it or other Indemnified Persons which are different from or additional to those available to a Borrower or any Subsidiary of a Borrower and may conflict therewith, the Indemnified Person or Persons shall have the right to select one separate counsel for such Indemnified Person or Persons to assume such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such loss, claim, damage or liability on behalf of such Indemnified Person or Persons and (ii) if any loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of actions brought by or for the benefit of a Borrower or any Subsidiary of a Borrower, the Indemnified Person or Persons shall have the right to select their counsel and to assume and direct the defense thereof and no Borrower shall be entitled to participate therein or assume the defense thereof. Upon receipt of notice from the Borrowers to such Indemnified Person of their election so to assume the defense of such loss, claim, damage or liability and approval by the Indemnified Person of counsel, the Borrowers shall not be liable to such Indemnified Person under this subsection 10.4 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with the defense thereof unless (i) the Indemnified Person shall have employed such counsel in connection with the assumption of legal defenses in accordance with the proviso to the next preceding sentence, (ii) the Borrowers shall not have employed and continued to employ counsel satisfactory to the Indemnified Person to represent the Indemnified Person within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action or (iii) the Borrowers shall have authorized the employment of counsel for the Indemnified Person at the expense of the Borrowers. 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this subsection 10.4, (i) the Borrowers shall not be liable for any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of any order adjudicating or otherwise disposing of any loss, claim, damage or liability effected without their consent and (ii) after the Borrowers have assumed the defense of any loss, claim, damage or liability under the preceding paragraph with respect to any Bank, they will not settle, compromise or consent to entry of any order adjudicating or otherwise disposing thereof (1) if such settlement, compromise or order involves the payment of money damages, except if the Borrowers agree with such Bank to pay such money damages, and, if not simultaneously paid, to furnish such Bank with satisfactory evidence of their ability to pay such money damages, and (2) if such settlement, compromise or order involves any relief against such Bank, other than the payment of money damages, except with the prior written consent of such Bank. 
 (e) Each party hereto waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding relating to the Agreement any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. 
 (f) The agreements in this subsection 10.4 shall survive repayment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 10.5 Successors and Assigns; Participations; Purchasing Banks . (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrowers, the Banks, the Agents and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Borrowers may not assign or transfer any of their rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of each Bank. 
 (b) Any Bank may, in the ordinary course of its commercial banking business and in accordance with applicable law, at any time sell to one or more banks or other financial institutions Participants participating interests in the Loans, Commitments and other interests of such Bank hereunder. In the event of any such sale by a Bank of participating interests to a Participant, such Bank s obligations under this Agreement to the other parties to this Agreement shall remain unchanged, such 

79 

Bank shall remain solely responsible for the performance thereof, such Bank shall remain the holder of any such Loan for all purposes under this Agreement, and the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Bank in connection with such Bank s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Each Bank that sells a participation, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register provided that no Bank shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person other than the Borrower (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans or its other obligations under this Agreement) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall constitute prima facie evidence (absent manifest error) of the accuracy of the information so recorded, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Banks may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation recorded therein for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 (c) Any Bank may, in the ordinary course of its commercial banking business and in accordance with applicable law, at any time assign to one or more banks or other financial institutions Loan Assignees any Bid Loan or Negotiated Rate Loan or portion thereof owing to such Bank, pursuant to a Loan Assignment executed by the assignor Bank and the Loan Assignee. Upon such execution, from and after the Transfer Effective Date specified in such Loan Assignment, the Loan Assignee shall, to the extent of the assignment provided for in such Loan Assignment and to the extent permitted by applicable law, be deemed to have the same rights and benefits with respect to such Bid Loans and Negotiated Rate Loans and the same obligation to share pursuant to subsection 10.6 as it would have had if it were a Bank hereunder; provided , that unless such Loan Assignment shall otherwise specify and a copy of such Loan Assignment shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent for its acceptance and recording in the Register in accordance with subsection 10.5(f), the assignor Bank shall act as collection agent for the Loan Assignee, and in the case of Bid Loans, the Administrative Agent shall pay all amounts received from the relevant Borrower which are allocable to the assigned Bid Loan directly to the assignor Bank without any further liability to the relevant Loan Assignee, and, in the case of Negotiated Rate Loans, the relevant Borrower shall pay all amounts due under the assigned Negotiated Rate Loan directly to the assignor Bank without any further liability to the Loan Assignee. At the request of any Loan Assignee, on or promptly after the Transfer Effective Date specified in such Loan Assignment, the relevant Borrower, at its own expense, shall execute and deliver to the Loan Assignee a promissory note with respect to the Bid Loans or Negotiated Rate Loans of such Loan Assignee and its registered assigns in an amount equal to the Bid Loan or Negotiated Rate Loan assigned. Such note shall be dated the Borrowing Date in respect of such Bid Loan or Negotiated Rate Loan and shall otherwise be in the form of Exhibit L; provided , however , that such Borrower shall not be required to execute and deliver more than an aggregate of two notes with respect to the Bid Loans of any Bank with the same Interest Period at any time outstanding. A Loan Assignee shall not, by virtue of such Loan Assignment, become a party to this Agreement or have any rights to consent to or refrain from consenting to any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of this Agreement or any related document; provided , that (i) the assignor Bank and the Loan Assignee may, in their discretion, agree between themselves upon the manner in which the assignor Bank will exercise its rights under this Agreement and any related document, and (ii) if a copy of such Loan Assignment shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent for its acceptance and recording in the Register in accordance with subsection 10.5(f), neither the principal amount of, the interest rate on, nor the maturity date of, any Bid Loan or Negotiated Rate Loan assigned to a Loan Assignee will be modified without written consent of such Loan Assignee. 

80 

(d) Any Bank may, in the ordinary course of its commercial banking business and in accordance with applicable law, sell to any Bank or any affiliate thereof (other than a natural Person) and to one or more additional banks or other financial institutions Purchasing Banks ), all or any portion (subject to the last sentence of this subsection 10.5(d)) of its rights (which rights may include such Bank s rights in respect of Loans it has disbursed) and obligations under this Agreement, with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of (i) the Company, and (ii) the Administrative Agent. Such sale shall be made pursuant to a Loan Assignment, executed by such Purchasing Bank and such transferor Bank (and, in the case of a Purchasing Bank that is not then a Bank or an affiliate thereof, by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent), and delivered to the Administrative Agent for its acceptance and recording in the Register. Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the Transfer Effective Date specified in such Loan Assignment, (i) the Purchasing Bank thereunder shall be a party hereto with respect to the interest purchased and, to the extent provided in such Loan Assignment, have the rights and obligations of a Bank hereunder with a Commitment as set forth therein, and (ii) the transferor Bank thereunder shall cease to have those rights and obligations under this Agreement to which the Purchasing Bank has succeeded (and, in the case of a Loan Assignment covering all or the remaining portion of a transferor Bank s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such transferor Bank shall cease to be a party hereto). Such Loan Assignment shall be deemed to amend this Agreement to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to reflect the addition of such Purchasing Bank and the resulting adjustment of Commitments and Commitment Percentages arising from the purchase by such Purchasing Bank of a portion of the rights and obligations of such transferor Bank under this Agreement. On or promptly after the Transfer Effective Date specified in such Loan Assignment, the Purchasing Bank and the Administrative Agent, on behalf of such Purchasing Bank, shall open and maintain in the name of each Borrower a Loan Account with respect to such Purchasing Bank s Committed Rate Loans and Bid Loans to such Borrower. Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, no Bank may sell any portion of its rights and obligations under this subsection 10.5(d) to any bank or financial institution without the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of the Company if, after giving effect to such sale or at the time of such sale, as the case may be, (i) the Commitment of either of the selling and purchasing institutions would be greater than 0 but less than 5,000,000, (ii) the Purchasing Bank, together with all of its affiliates, would have a Commitment Percentage of more than 15 (or, if the Commitments shall have been terminated, such Purchasing Bank, together with all of its affiliates, would hold Loans aggregating to more than 15 in principal amount of all outstanding Loans), (iii) the Credit Rating of any Purchasing Bank shall be less than BBB+ from S P or less than Baa1 from Moody s or such Purchasing Bank shall have no Credit Rating or (iv) the Purchasing Bank is not a bank, insurance company, other financial institution or an affiliate of any thereof that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans or similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
 (e) The Administrative Agent shall maintain at its address referred to in subsection 10.2 a copy of each Loan Assignment delivered to it and a register (the Register for the recordation of (i) the names and addresses of the Banks and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans (other than Negotiated Rate Loans) owing to, each Bank from time to time, and (ii) with respect to each Loan Assignment delivered to the Administrative Agent, the name and address of the Loan Assignee and the principal amount of each Bid Loan owing to such Loan Assignee. The entries in the Register shall constitute prima facie evidence (absent manifest error) of the accuracy of the information so recorded, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Banks may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of the Loan recorded therein for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company or any Bank or Loan Assignee at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (f) Upon its receipt of a Loan Assignment executed by an assignor Bank and a Loan Assignee and an Administrative Questionnaire from the Loan Assignee if it is not then a Bank, together 

81 

with payment to the Administrative Agent (by the assignor Bank or the Loan Assignee, as agreed between them) of a registration and processing fee of 3,500, the Administrative Agent shall (i) accept such Loan Assignment, (ii) record the information contained therein in the Register and (iii) give prompt notice of such acceptance and recordation to the assignor Bank, the Loan Assignee and the Borrowers. Upon its receipt of a Loan Assignment executed by a transferor Bank and a Purchasing Bank (and, in the case of a Purchasing Bank that is not then a Bank or an affiliate thereof, by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent) and an Administrative Questionnaire from the Purchasing Bank if it is not then a Bank, together with payment to the Administrative Agent (by the transferor Bank or the Purchasing Bank, as agreed between them) of a registration and processing fee of 3,500 for each Purchasing Bank listed in such Loan Assignment, the Administrative Agent shall (A) accept such Loan Assignment, (B) record the information contained therein in the Register and (C) give prompt notice of such acceptance and recordation to the Banks and the Borrowers. 
 (g) The Company authorizes each Bank to disclose to any Participant, Loan Assignee or Purchasing Bank (each, a Transferee and any prospective Transferee any and all financial information in such Bank s possession concerning the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries which has been delivered to such Bank by or on behalf of the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement or in connection with such Bank s credit evaluation of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries prior to becoming a party to this Agreement, provided that with respect to confidential data or information described in subsection 10.7, such confidential data may be disclosed only to (i) a Purchasing Bank and/or (ii) any other Transferee or prospective Transferee with the Borrowers prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld with respect to prospective Participants, Participants, prospective Loan Assignees and Loan Assignees; provided , however , that such Bank shall not disclose any such confidential data or information pursuant to this subsection 10.5(g) unless (i) it has notified the Purchasing Bank or other Transferee or potential Transferee that such data or information are confidential, such notification to be in writing if such data or information are disclosed in writing and orally if such data or information are disclosed orally, and (ii) such Purchasing Bank, Transferee or potential Transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the provisions of subsection 10.7. 
 (h) If, pursuant to this subsection, any loan participation or series of loan participations is sold or any interest in this Agreement is transferred to any Transferee, the transferor Bank shall cause such Transferee, concurrently with the effectiveness of such transfer or the first transfer to occur in a series of transfers between such transferor Bank and such Transferee, to comply with subsection 2.17(c), subsection 2.17(d), subsection 2.17(e) and subsection 2.17(f) as if it were a Bank. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for obtaining such documentation except from its own Transferees. 
 (i) Nothing in this subsection 10.5 shall prohibit any Bank from pledging or assigning its Loans to any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with applicable law. 
 (j) The Borrowers, upon receipt of written notice from the relevant Bank, agree to issue Notes to any Bank requiring Notes to facilitate transactions of the type described in paragraph (i) above. 
 (k) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Bank (a Granting Bank may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an SPC ), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Bank to the Administrative Agent and the Company, the option to provide to the Borrowers all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Bank would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Loan, (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Bank shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Bank to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Bank. Each party 

82 

hereto hereby agrees that no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Bank). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State thereof. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this subsection 10.5(k) any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Company and the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loans to the Granting Bank or to any financial institutions (consented to by the Company and Administrative Agent) providing liquidity and/or credit support to or for the account of such SPC to support the funding or maintenance of Loans and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. This subsection 10.5(k) may not be amended without the written consent of the SPC. 
 10.6 Adjustments . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or as otherwise provided by court order, if any Bank (a benefitted Bank shall at any time receive any payment of all or part of its Committed Rate Loans, or interest thereon or commitment fee hereunder, or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by set-off, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature referred to in clause (e) of Section 8, or otherwise) in a greater proportion than any such payment to and collateral received by any other Bank, if any, in respect of such other Bank s Committed Rate Loans, or interest thereon, or commitment fee hereunder, such benefitted Bank shall purchase for cash from the other Banks such portion of each such other Bank s Committed Rate Loans, or shall provide such other Banks with the benefits of any such collateral, or the proceeds thereof, as shall be necessary to cause such benefitted Bank to share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral or proceeds ratably with each of such other Banks; provided , however, that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such benefitted Bank, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. The Borrowers agree that each Bank so purchasing a portion of another Bank s Committed Rate Loans may exercise all rights of payment (including, without limitation, rights of set-off) with respect to such portion as fully as if such Bank were the direct holder of such portion. 
 10.7 Confidentiality . (a) Each of the Agents and the Banks shall, subject as hereinafter provided, keep confidential from any third party any data or information received by them from the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement which, if provided in writing, is designated in writing as confidential, and if provided orally, is designated orally as confidential by the Borrowers except: 
 (i) any such data or information as is or becomes publicly available or generally known otherwise than as a result of any breach of the provisions of this subsection 10.7; 
 (ii) as required by law, rule, regulation or official direction or any Governmental Authority or self-regulatory body having or claiming authority or oversight over any Bank or its affiliates; 
 (iii) as may be necessary to protect as against the Borrowers or any of them the interests of the Banks or any of them under this Agreement; 
 (iv) to the extent permitted under subsection 10.5; and 

83 

(v) with respect to any Bank, to affiliates of such Bank on a need to know basis (as long as such affiliates are subject to confidentiality provisions no less restrictive than those set forth in this Agreement) and the attorneys, accountants and regulators of such Bank and such affiliates, and to each other Bank. 
 (b) Each of the Agents and the Banks shall use their reasonable efforts to ensure that any confidential data or information received by them from the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement which is disclosed to employees of such Agent or Bank (as the case may be) or their respective affiliates pursuant to clause (a) above, is so disclosed only to the extent necessary for purpose of the administration of this Agreement and, in all cases, on the condition that such information and data shall be kept confidential except for such purpose. 
 (c) For the avoidance of doubt, the Agents and the Banks may provide to data service providers that serve the lending industry, including market data collectors and league table providers, and insurers to the Agents and the Banks information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers and lenders to such data service providers and insurers if presented in a manner that does not disclose the identity of the Borrowers. 
 (d) The provisions of this subsection 10.7 shall survive the payment in full of all amounts payable hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. 
 10.8 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. A set of the copies of this Agreement signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to subsection 10.2), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided , further , without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Banks shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrowers without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Bank, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrowers hereby (i) agree that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Banks, and the Borrowers, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, 

84 

any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) the Administrative Agent and each of the Banks may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Indemnified Person for any Losses arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and/or any Bank s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Losses arising as a result of the failure of a Borrower to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 10.9 GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 10.10 Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process . All judicial proceedings brought against the Borrowers with respect to this Agreement shall be brought in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Borrowers accept, for themselves and in connection with their properties, generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts and irrevocably agree to be bound by any final judgment rendered thereby in connection with this Agreement from which no appeal has been taken or is available. The Borrowers irrevocably agree that all process in any such proceedings in any such court may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to them at their addresses set forth in subsection 10.2 or at such other address of which the Administrative Agent shall have been notified pursuant thereto, such service being hereby acknowledged by the Borrowers to be effective and binding service in every respect. Each of the Borrowers, the Agents and the Banks irrevocably waives any objection, including without limitation, any objection to the laying of venue or based on the grounds of forum non conveniens which it may now or hereafter have to the bringing of any such action or proceeding in any such jurisdiction. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right of any Agent or any Bank to bring proceedings against the Borrowers in the courts of any other jurisdiction. JD Luxembourg irrevocably appoints the Company as its agent to receive process with respect to this Agreement. 
 10.11 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL . Each Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Banks hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding relating to this agreement or any other loan document and for any counterclaim therein. 
 10.12 USA Patriot Act . 

85 

Each Bank hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrowers, which information includes the name and address of the Borrowers and other information that will allow such Bank to identify the Borrowers in accordance with the Act. The Borrowers shall promptly provide such information upon request by any Bank. 10.13 No Fiduciary Duty . The Borrowers acknowledge and agree that (a) no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Borrowers and the Agents and the Banks is intended to be or has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective of whether the Agents and the Banks have advised or are advising the Borrowers on other matters, (b) the Agents and the Banks, on the one hand, and the Borrowers, on the other hand, have an arm s length business relationship that does not directly or indirectly give rise to, nor do the Borrowers rely on, any fiduciary duty to the Borrowers or their respective affiliates on the part of the Agents and the Banks, (c) the Borrowers are capable of evaluating and understanding, and the Borrowers understand and accept, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (d) the Borrowers have been advised that the Agents and the Banks are engaged in a broad range of transactions that may involve interests that differ from the Borrowers interests and that the Agents and the Banks have no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Borrowers, (e) the Borrowers have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent the Borrowers have deemed appropriate, (f) each Agent and Bank has been, is, and will be acting solely as a principal and, except as otherwise expressly agreed in writing by it and the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrowers, any of the Borrowers affiliates or any other Person and (g) none of the Agents nor Banks has any obligation to the Borrowers or their respective affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein or in any other express writing executed and delivered by such Agent or Bank and the Borrowers or any such affiliate. 
 10.14 Headings . Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 10.15 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties to the Loan Documents, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of a Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (i) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by a Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (ii) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (x) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (y) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or 

86 

other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (z) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any Resolution Authority. (b) Each party hereto agrees that it will notify the Company and the Administrative Agent, as soon as practicable, of such party becoming the subject of a Bail-In Action, unless such notification is prohibited by law, regulation or order. 10.16 Bank ERISA Representations . (a) Each Bank (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Bank party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Bank party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Bank party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and each lead arranger and their respective affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 
 (i) such Bank is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans (defined below) in connection with the Loans or the Commitments, (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to, and all of the conditions of which are and will continue to be satisfied in connection with, such Bank s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (iii) (A) such Bank is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Bank to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Bank, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Bank s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Bank. (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Bank or (2) a Bank has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Bank further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Bank party hereto, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Bank party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Bank party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and each lead arranger, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect 

87 

to the assets of such Bank involved in such Bank s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any documents related hereto or thereto). As used in this Section, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code, to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. [Remainder of page left intentionally blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. DEERE COMPANY By: Name: Title: JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: Name: Title: JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: Name: Title: 
 By: Name: Title: 
 [Signature Page to the 2021 364-Day Deere Company Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as a Bank By: __________________________________ Name: Title: 
 
 [Signature Page to the 2021 364-Day Deere Company Credit Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent and as a Bank By: __________________________________ Name: Title: 
 
 [Signature Page to the 2021 364-Day Deere Company Credit Agreement] 

CITIBANK, N.A., as Documentation Agent and as a Bank By: __________________________________ Name: Title: 
 
 [Signature Page to the 2021 364-Day Deere Company Credit Agreement] 

[BANK], as a Bank By: __________________________________ Name: Title: 
 
 [Signature Page to the 2021 364-Day Deere Company Credit Agreement] 

SCHEDULE I TERMS OF SUBORDINATION Senior Indebtedness means the principal of (and premium, if any) and unpaid interest and commitment fees on (a) indebtedness (including matured and contingent reimbursement obligations in respect of letters of credit) of John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation (including indebtedness of others guaranteed by the Capital Corporation), other than the indebtedness evidenced by the Securities [such term to be defined as the debt to be issued under the indenture or agreement to which this Schedule relates] and [specify any other indebtedness of the Capital Corporation (including indebtedness of others guaranteed by the Capital Corporation)], provided that indebtedness of the Capital Corporation under the credit agreement to which these Terms of Subordination are attached may not be so specified, whether outstanding on the date hereof or hereafter created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed, for money borrowed, unless in the instrument creating or evidencing the same or pursuant to which the same is outstanding it is provided that such indebtedness is not senior or prior in right of payment to the Securities, and (b) renewals, extensions, modifications and refundings of any such indebtedness. SUBORDINATION Section 1. Agreement to Subordinate. The Capital Corporation, for itself, its successors and assigns, covenants and agrees, and each holder of Securities, by such holder s acceptance thereof, likewise covenants and agrees, that the payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on each and all of the Securities is hereby expressly subordinated, to the extent and in the manner hereinafter set forth, in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all Senior Indebtedness. Section 2. Distribution on Dissolution, Liquidation and Reorganization; Subrogation of Securities . Upon any distribution of assets of the Capital Corporation upon any dissolution, winding up, liquidation or reorganization of the Capital Corporation, whether in bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or receivership proceedings or upon an assignment for the benefit of creditors or any other marshalling of the assets and liabilities of the Capital Corporation or otherwise (subject to the power of a court of competent jurisdiction to make other equitable provisions reflecting the rights conferred in this Agreement upon the Senior Indebtedness and the holders thereof with respect to the Securities by a lawful plan of reorganization under applicable bankruptcy law), (a) the holders of Senior Indebtedness shall be entitled to receive payment in full of the principal thereof (and premium if any) and the interest and commitment fees due on the Senior Indebtedness before the holders of the Securities are entitled to receive any payment upon the principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on indebtedness evidenced by the Securities; and (b) any payment or distribution of assets of the Capital Corporation of any kind or character, whether in cash, property or securities, to which the holders of the Securities or any trustee therefor would be entitled except for the provisions of this Article shall be paid by the liquidating trustee or agent or other person making such payment or distribution, whether a trustee in bankruptcy, a receiver or liquidating trustee or otherwise, directly to the holders of Senior Indebtedness or their representative or representatives or to the trustee or trustees under any indenture under which any instruments evidencing any of such Senior Indebtedness may have been issued, ratably according to the aggregate amounts remaining unpaid on account of the 

I- 2 
 principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, commitment fees and letter of credit fees on the Senior Indebtedness held or represented by each holder of Senior Indebtedness, to the extent necessary to make payment in full of all Senior Indebtedness remaining unpaid, after giving effect to any concurrent payment or distribution to the holders of such Senior Indebtedness; and (c) in the event that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any payment or distribution of assets of the Capital Corporation of any kind or character, whether in cash, property or securities, shall be received by any trustee for the holders of the Securities or the holders of the Securities before all Senior Indebtedness is paid in full, such payment or distribution shall be paid over, upon written notice to any trustee for the holders of the Securities, to the holders of Senior Indebtedness or their representative or representatives or to the trustee or trustees under any indenture under which any instruments evidencing any of such Senior Indebtedness may have been issued, ratably as aforesaid, for application to the payment of all Senior Indebtedness remaining unpaid until all such Senior Indebtedness shall have been paid in full, after giving effect to any concurrent payment or distribution to the holders of such Senior Indebtedness. Subject to the payment in full of all Senior Indebtedness, the holders of the Securities shall be subrogated to the rights of the holders of Senior Indebtedness to receive payments or distributions of cash, property or securities of the Capital Corporation applicable to Senior Indebtedness until the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Securities shall be paid in full and no such payments or distributions to the holders of the Securities of cash, property or securities otherwise distributable to the holders of Senior Indebtedness shall, as between the Capital Corporation, its creditors other than the holders of Senior Indebtedness, and the holders of the Securities, be deemed to be a payment by the Capital Corporation to or on account of the Securities. It is understood that the provisions of this Article are, and are intended, solely for the purpose of defining the relative rights of the holders of the Securities, on the one hand, and the holders of Senior Indebtedness, on the other hand. Nothing contained in this Article or elsewhere in this Agreement or in the Securities is intended to or shall impair, as between the Capital Corporation, its creditors other than the holders of Senior Indebtedness, and the holders of the Securities, the obligation of the Capital Corporation, which is unconditional and absolute, to pay to the holders of the Securities the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Securities as and when the same shall become due and payable in accordance with their terms, or to affect the relative rights of the holders of the Securities and creditors of the Capital Corporation other than the holders of Senior Indebtedness, nor shall anything herein or in the instruments or other evidence of the Securities prevent any trustee for the holders of the Securities or the holder of any Securities from exercising all remedies otherwise permitted by applicable law upon default under this Agreement or such instrument or other evidence, subject to the rights, if any, under this Article of the holders of Senior Indebtedness in respect of cash, property or securities of the Capital Corporation received upon the exercise of any such remedy. Section 3. No Payment on Securities in Event of Non-Payment When Due of Senior Indebtedness . No payment by the Capital Corporation on account of principal (or premium, if any), sinking funds, or interest on the Securities shall be made unless full payment of amounts then due for principal, premium, if any, sinking funds and interest and letter of credit fees and commitment fees on Senior Indebtedness has been made or duly provided for in money or money s worth. 

SCHEDULE II COMMITMENTS Bank Commitment JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 253,125,000 Bank of America, N.A. 253,125,000 Citibank, N.A. 253,125,000 Barclays Bank PLC 210,937,500 HSBC Bank USA, N.A. 210,937,500 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 210,937,500 Royal Bank of Canada 210,937,500 The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch 187,500,000 Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 168,750,000 Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch 168,750,000 Goldman Sachs Bank USA 168,750,000 BNP Paribas 112,500,000 Commerzbank AG New York Branch 112,500,000 Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. New York Branch 46,875,000 Banco Santander, S.A., New York Branch 46,875,000 The Bank of New York Mellon 46,875,000 The Bank of Nova Scotia 46,875,000 PNC Bank, National Association 46,875,000 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 46,875,000 Standard Chartered Bank 46,875,000 U.S. Bank National Association 46,875,000 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 46,875,000 Bank of China, Chicago Branch 18,750,000 ICICI Bank Limited New York Branch 18,750,000 Nordea Bank Abp, New York Branch 18,750,000 TOTAL 3,000,000,000 

EXHIBIT A [FORM OF BORROWING NOTICE] _________, 20__ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement referred to below 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Telephone: (302) 634-9770 Facsimile: (302) 634-4733 Ladies and Gentlemen: Pursuant to subsection 2.1(c) of the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among DEERE COMPANY, JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, CITIBANK, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), the undersigned hereby requests that the following Committed Rate Loans be made on __________, 20__ as follows: (1) Total Amount of Committed Rate Loans ____________ (2) Requested Currency _____________ (3) Amount of (1) to be allocated to Eurocurrency Loans ____________ (4) Amount of (1) to be allocated to ABR Loans ____________ (5) Amount of (1) to be allocated to SONIA Loans ____________ 5 6 Interest Periods and amounts to be allocated thereto in respect of Eurocurrency Loans (amounts must total (3)): (i) one month ____________ (ii) two months ____________ (iii) three months ____________ (iv) six months ____________ (v) 30 days (if Canadian Dollars requested) ____________ (vi) 60 days (if Canadian Dollars requested) ____________ (vii) 90 days (if Canadian Dollars requested) ____________ Total Eurocurrency Loans ____________ 
 NOTE: THE AMOUNT APPEARING IN LINE (1) ABOVE MUST BE AT LEAST EQUAL TO 25,000,000 AND IN A WHOLE MULTIPLE OF 5,000,000 (OR THE FOREIGN 

A- 2 
 CURRENCY EQUIVALENT IN THE CASE OF FOREIGN CURRENCY LOANS) AND THE AMOUNTS APPEARING IN EACH OTHER LINE ABOVE MUST BE AT LEAST EQUAL TO 10,000,000 AND IN A WHOLE MULTIPLE OF 1,000,000 (OR THE FOREIGN CURRENCY EQUIVALENT IN THE CASE OF FOREIGN CURRENCY LOANS). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the same meanings when used herein. Very truly yours, [DEERE COMPANY] [JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION] [JOHN DEERE BANK S.A.] By: Title: 

EXHIBIT B [FORM OF BID LOAN REQUEST] _______, 20__ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement referred to below 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Telephone: (302) 634-9770 Facsimile: (302) 634-4733 Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among DEERE COMPANY, JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, CITIBANK, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as therein defined. This is an [Index Rate] [Absolute Rate] Bid Loan Request pursuant to subsection 2.2 of the Credit Agreement requesting quotes for the following Bid Loans: Aggregate Principal Amount _____________ ____________ ____________ Borrowing Date _____________ ____________ ____________ Interest Period _____________ ____________ ____________ Maturity Period _____________ ____________ ____________ Interest Payment Dates _____________ ____________ ____________ Interest Rate Basis 360 day year 

B- 2 
 NOTE: THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNTS APPEARING ABOVE MUST BE IN THE AGGREGATE AT LEAST EQUAL TO 25,000,000 AND IN A WHOLE MULTIPLE OF 5,000,000. Very truly yours, [DEERE COMPANY] [JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION] By: Title: __________ Note: Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, a Bid Loan Request may be transmitted by facsimile transmission, or by telephone, immediately confirmed by facsimile transmission. In any case, a Bid Loan Request shall contain the information specified in the second paragraph of this form. 

EXHIBIT C [FORM OF BID LOAN OFFER] _______, 20__ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement referred to below 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Telephone: (302) 634-9770 Facsimile: (302) 634-4733 Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among DEERE COMPANY, JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, CITIBANK, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as therein defined. In accordance with subsection 2.2 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned Bid Loan Bank offers to make Bid Loans thereunder in the following amounts with the following maturity dates: Borrowing Date: _________________, 20__ Aggregate Maximum Amount: ________ 

C- 2 
 Maturity Date 1: Maturity Date 2: Maturity Date 3: Maximum Amount _____ Maximum Amount _______ Maximum Amount ______ Rate ____Amount ______ Rate ____Amount ______ Rate ___Amount _______ Rate ____Amount ______ Rate ____Amount ______ Rate ___Amount _______ 
 Very truly yours, [NAME OF BID LOAN BANK] By: Name: Title: Telephone: Facsimile: If Index Rate Bid Loan, insert percentage above or below Eurocurrency Rate. 

EXHIBIT D [FORM OF BID LOAN CONFIRMATION] _______, 20__ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement referred to below 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Telephone: (302) 634-9770 Facsimile: (302) 634-4733 Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among DEERE COMPANY, JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION, John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, CITIBANK, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as therein defined. In accordance with subsection 2.2 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned accepts and confirms the offers by Bid Loan Bank(s) to make Bid Loans to the undersigned on ______________, 20__ [Borrowing Date] under said subsection 2.2 in the (respective) amount(s) set forth on the attached list of Bid Loans offered. Very truly yours, [DEERE COMPANY] [JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION] By: Title: [Borrower to attach Bid Loan Offer list prepared by Administrative Agent with accepted amount entered by the Borrower to right of each Bid Loan Offer]. 

EXHIBIT E [FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION] ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION This Assignment and Assumption (the Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the date set forth below (the Effective Date and is entered into between the Assignor named below (the Assignor and the Assignee named below (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, the Credit Agreement ), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent below (i) all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Bank under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including any letters of credit and guarantees included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Bank) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest ). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 1. Assignor: ______________________________ 2. Assignee: ______________________________ [and is an affiliate/Approved Fund of [ identify Bank ] 1 ] 3. Borrower(s): ______________________________ 4. Administrative Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 5. Credit Agreement: The 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 among Deere Company , John Deere Capital Corporation , John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the 
 1 Select as applicable. 

E- 2 
 other agents parties thereto 6. Assigned Interest: Aggregate Amount of Commitment/Loans for all Banks Amount of Commitment/Loans Assigned Percentage Assigned of Commitment/Loans 2 
 Effective Date: ______________, 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] The Assignee expressly confirms that it [can/cannot] exempt the Administrative Agent and the Foreign Currency Agent from the restrictions pursuant to section 181 of the German Civil Code B rgerliches Gesetzbuch and similar restrictions applicable to it pursuant to any other applicable law as provided for in subsection 9.1(d) of the Credit Agreement. The Assignee agrees to deliver to the Administrative Agent a completed administrative questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrowers and their affiliates or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: ASSIGNOR _________________________________ NAME OF ASSIGNOR By:______________________________ Title: ASSIGNEE _________________________________ NAME OF ASSIGNEE By:______________________________ Title: 
 2 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Banks. 

[Consented to and] 1 Accepted: JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By_________________________________ Title: [Consented to:] 2 DEERE COMPANY By________________________________ Title: 
 1 To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 2 To be added only if the consent of the Borrower and/or other parties is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

ANNEX 1 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (the Credit Agreement among Deere Company , John Deere Capital Corporation , John Deere Bank S.A. , the Banks parties thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents parties thereto STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 1. Representations and Warranties . 1.1 Assignor . The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrowers, any of their respective Subsidiaries or affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of the Credit Agreement or (iv) the performance or observance by each Borrower, any of their Subsidiaries or affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under the Credit Agreement. 1.2. Assignee . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Bank under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become a Bank, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Bank thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Bank thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 thereof, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Bank and (v) if it is a Non-U.S. Bank, attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Bank, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Bank. 2. Payments . From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. 3. General Provisions . This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and 

I- 2 
 Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by email or telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

EXHIBIT F [RESERVED] 

EXHIBIT G [FORM OF OPINION OF GENERAL COUNSEL TO THE COMPANY] [Closing Date] To each of the Banks parties to the Credit Agreement referred to below and to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent Deere Company and John Deere Capital Corporation 364-Day Credit Agreement Ladies and Gentlemen: This opinion is furnished to you pursuant to subsection 4.1(c) of the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (the Credit Agreement among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation and, together with the Company, the U.S. Borrowers and John Deere Bank S.A., the Banks parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement and not otherwise defined in this opinion are used herein as defined in the Credit Agreement. I am General Counsel of the Company and have also acted as counsel for the Capital Corporation in this matter. I am familiar with the corporate history and organization of each U.S. Borrower and of its Subsidiaries and the proceedings relating to the authorization, execution and delivery by each U.S. Borrower of the Credit Agreement. In that connection I have examined or caused to have examined: 1. The Credit Agreement; 2. The documents furnished by each of the U.S. Borrowers pursuant to Section 4 of the Credit Agreement; 3. The Certificates of Incorporation of the U.S. Borrowers and all amendments thereto (the Charters 4. The bylaws of the U.S. Borrowers and all amendments thereto (the Bylaws and 5. Certificates of the Secretary of State of Delaware, each dated a recent date, attesting to the continued corporate existence and good standing of the U.S. Borrowers in that State. In addition, I have reviewed or caused to have reviewed such of the corporate proceedings of the U.S. Borrowers, and have examined or caused to have examined such documents, corporate records, and other instruments relating to the organization of the U.S. Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries and such other agreements and instruments to which the U.S. Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries are parties, as I consider necessary as a basis for the opinions hereinafter 

G- 2 
 expressed. I have assumed the due execution and delivery, pursuant to due authorization, of the Credit Agreement by the Banks, the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, and the Documentation Agent, and the authenticity of all documents submitted to me as originals and the conformity to the original documents of all documents submitted to me as certified, conformed or photostatic or electronic copies. I am qualified to practice law in the State of Illinois and the State of Iowa and do not purport to be an expert on, and do not express any opinion herein concerning, any laws other than the laws of the State of Illinois and the State of Iowa, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and the Federal laws of the United States. Based upon the foregoing and upon such investigation as I have deemed necessary, I am of the following opinion: 1. Each of the Company and the Capital Corporation is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has the corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now being conducted and to own its properties. 2. The execution, delivery and performance by each U.S. Borrower of the Credit Agreement are within such U.S. Borrower s corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not (i) contravene, or constitute a default under the Charter or the Bylaws of such U.S. Borrower, any judgment, law, rule or regulation applicable to such U.S. Borrower, or any Contractual Obligation by which such U.S. Borrower is bound or (ii) result in the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of its property or assets. The Credit Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each U.S. Borrower. 3. No authorization, approval, or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by each U.S. Borrower of the Credit Agreement. 4. There is no pending or, to the best of my knowledge, threatened action or proceeding against either U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator which is likely to have a materially adverse effect upon the financial condition or operations of such U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. A copy of this opinion letter may be delivered by any of you to any person that becomes a Bank in accordance with the provisions of the Credit Agreement. Any such person may rely on the opinions expressed above as if this opinion letter were addressed and delivered to such person on the date hereof. This opinion letter is rendered to you in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement. This opinion letter may not be relied upon by you or any person entitled to rely on this opinion pursuant to the preceding paragraph for any other purpose without my prior written consent. This opinion letter speaks only as of the date hereof. I expressly disclaim any responsibility to advise you of any development or circumstance of any kind, including any change of law or fact, that may occur after the date of this opinion letter even though such development or circumstance 

G- 3 
 may affect the legal analysis, a legal conclusion or any other matter set forth in or relating to this opinion letter. Very truly yours, Mary K.W. Jones 

EXHIBIT H [FORM OF ENFORCEABILITY OPINION OF SPECIAL NEW YORK COUNSEL TO THE BORROWERS] [Closing Date] To the Agent and each of the Banks under the Credit Agreement (referred to below) on the date hereof: Re: 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021, by and among Deere Company, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A., a public limited company organized under the laws of Luxembourg JD Luxembourg , and together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), the financial institutions from time to time party thereto as lenders (the Lenders ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent for the Banks (in such capacity, the Agent and the other parties thereto (such credit agreement herein referred to as the Credit Agreement Ladies and Gentlemen: We are issuing this opinion letter in our capacity as counsel to and at the request of the Borrowers in respect of the Credit Agreement. The opinions expressed herein are being provided pursuant to Section 4.1(c) of the Credit Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Credit Agreement (with references herein to the Credit Agreement and each document defined therein meaning the Credit Agreement and each such document as executed and delivered on the date hereof). The Banks and the Agent are sometimes referred to in this opinion letter as you . In connection with the preparation of this letter, we have, among other things, reviewed executed counterparts of the Credit Agreement. Subject to the assumptions, qualifications, exclusions and other limitations which are identified in this opinion letter, we advise you, and with respect to each legal issue addressed in this opinion letter, it is our opinion, that (a) the Credit Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of each Borrower that is a party thereto and is enforceable against such Borrower in accordance with its terms and (b) the guarantee by the Capital Corporation pursuant to Section 2.27 of the Credit Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of the Capital Corporation and is enforceable against the Capital Corporation in accordance with its terms. With your consent, we have assumed for purposes of this letter and the opinions herein: 

H- 2 
 (a) that each document we have reviewed for purposes of this letter is accurate and complete, each such document that is an original is authentic, each such document that is a copy conforms to an authentic original, and all signatures on each such document are genuine, and that all natural persons who have signed any document have the legal capacity to do so; (b) that the Credit Agreement and every other agreement we have examined for purposes of this letter has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the parties thereto and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of each party to that document, enforceable against each such party in accordance with its respective terms and that each such party has satisfied all legal requirements that are applicable to such party to the extent necessary to entitle such party to enforce such agreement and that each party to the Credit Agreement is in good standing and duly incorporated or organized under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization except we do not assume in this paragraph (b) that the Credit Agreement is a valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms against the Borrowers; (c) there are no agreements or understandings among the parties, written or oral (other than the Credit Agreement), and there is no usage of trade or course of prior dealing among the parties that would, in either case define, supplement or qualify the terms of the Credit Agreement; and (d) that the status of the Credit Agreement as legally valid and binding obligations of the parties is not affected by any (i) breaches of, or defaults under, agreements or instruments, (ii) violations of statutes, rules, regulations or court or governmental orders, or (iii) failures to obtain required consents, approvals or authorizations from, or make required registrations, declarations or filings with, governmental authorities. In preparing this letter, we have relied without any independent verification upon: (i) information contained in certificates obtained from governmental authorities; (ii) factual information represented to be true in the Credit Agreement; (iii) factual information provided to us in a support certificate signed by each of the Borrowers; and (iv) factual information we have obtained from such other sources as we have deemed reasonable; and we have examined the originals or copies certified to our satisfaction, of the Credit Agreement and other corporate records of the Borrowers as we deem necessary for or relevant to our opinions. We have assumed without investigation that the information upon which we have relied is accurate and does not omit disclosures necessary to prevent such information from being misleading. The terms knowledge , actual knowledge and aware whenever used in this letter with respect to our firm mean conscious awareness at the time this letter is delivered on the date it bears by the lawyers with Kirkland Ellis LLP at that time who spent substantial time representing the Borrower in connection with the Credit Agreement (herein called our Designated Transaction Lawyers ). Our opinion (an enforceability opinion in this letter that any particular contract is a valid and binding obligation or is enforceable in accordance with its terms is subject to: (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally and judicially developed doctrines in this area such as substantive consolidation and equitable subordination; (ii) the effect of general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity); (iii) an 

H- 3 
 implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; and (iv) other commonly recognized statutory and judicial constraints on enforceability including statutes of limitations. General principles of equity include but are not limited to: principles limiting the availability of specific performance and injunctive relief; principles which limit the availability of a remedy under certain circumstances where another remedy has been elected; principles requiring reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing in the performance and enforcement of an agreement by the party seeking enforcement; principles which may permit a party to cure a material failure to perform its obligations; and principles affording equitable defenses such as waiver, laches and estoppel. Our enforceability opinion is also subject to the qualification that certain provisions of the Credit Agreement may not be enforceable in whole or in part, although the inclusion of such provisions does not render the Credit Agreement invalid, and the Credit Agreement and the law of the State of New York contain adequate remedial provisions for the practical realization of the rights and benefits afforded thereby. Our enforceability opinion is further subject to the effect of rules of law that may render guaranties or other similar instruments or agreements unenforceable under circumstances where your actions, failures to act or waivers, amendments or replacement of the Credit Agreement (i) so radically change the essential nature of the terms and conditions of the guaranteed obligations and the related transactions that, in effect, a new relationship has arisen between you and the Borrowers which is substantially and materially different from that presently contemplated by the Credit Agreement, (ii) release the primary obligor, or (iii) impair the guarantor s recourse against the primary obligor. We also express no opinion regarding the enforceability of any so-called fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer savings clauses and any similar provisions in the Credit Agreement to the extent such provisions purport to limit the amount of the obligations of any party or the right to contribution of any other party with respect to such obligations. We render no opinion regarding the validity, binding effect or enforceability of the Credit Agreement with respect to any Borrower to the extent the Credit Agreement involves any obligation (including any guaranty) of such Borrower with respect to any swap (as such term is defined in the Commodity Exchange Act) if such Borrower is not an eligible contract participant (as such term is defined in the Commodity Exchange Act) at the time such obligation is incurred by such Borrower. We render no opinion with regard to usury or other laws limiting or regulating the maximum amount of interest that may be charged, collected, received or contracted for other than the internal laws of the State of New York, and without limiting the foregoing, we expressly disclaim any opinion as to the usury or other such laws of any other jurisdiction (including laws of other states made applicable through principles of Federal preemption or otherwise) which may be applicable to the transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement. Nothing contained in this letter covers or otherwise addresses any of the following types of provisions which may be contained in the Credit Agreement: 

H- 4 
 (i) provisions mandating contribution towards judgments or settlements among various parties; (ii) waivers of benefits and rights to the extent they cannot be waived under applicable law; (iii) provisions providing for penalties, liquidated damages, acceleration of future amounts due (other than principal) without appropriate discount to present value, late charges, prepayment charges, interest upon interest, or increased interest rates upon default; (iv) provisions which might require indemnification or contribution in violation of general principles of equity or public policy, including, without limitation, indemnification or contribution obligations which arise out of the failure to comply with applicable state or federal securities laws; (v) agreements to submit to the jurisdiction of any particular court or other governmental authority (either as to personal or subject matter jurisdiction); provisions restricting access to courts; waiver of service of process requirements which would otherwise be applicable; waiver of the right to a jury trial and provisions otherwise purporting to affect the jurisdiction and venue of courts; (vi) choice-of-law provisions; (vii) provisions regarding arbitration; (viii) covenants not to compete; (ix) provisions that authorize you to set off and apply any deposits at any time held, and any other indebtedness at any time owing, by you to or for the account of the Borrowers, or (x) requirements in the Credit Agreement specifying that provisions thereof may only be waived in writing. Except as expressly otherwise set forth in this letter, our advice on every legal issue addressed in this letter is based exclusively on the internal laws of the State of New York or the Federal law of the United States which, in each case, in our experience is generally applicable both to general business organizations which are not engaged in regulated business activities and to transactions of the type contemplated in the Credit Agreement, on the one hand, and you, on the other hand (but without our having made any special investigation as to any other laws), except that we express no opinion or advice as to any law or legal issue (a) which might be violated by any misrepresentation or omission or a fraudulent act, or (b) to which any Borrower may be subject as a result of your legal or regulatory status, your sale or transfer of the Loans or interests therein or your involvement in the transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement. None of the opinions or other advice contained in this letter considers or covers: (i) any federal or state securities (or blue sky laws or regulations or Federal Reserve Board margin 

H- 5 
 regulations or (ii) federal or state antitrust and unfair competition laws and regulations, pension and employee benefit laws and regulations, compliance with fiduciary duty requirements, federal and state environmental, land use and subdivision, tax, racketeering (e.g., RICO), health and safety (e.g., OSHA), and labor laws and regulations, federal and state laws, regulations and policies concerning national and local emergency, possible judicial deference to acts of sovereign states and criminal and civil forfeiture laws, and other federal and state statutes of general application to the extent they provide for criminal prosecution (e.g., mail fraud and wire fraud statutes). We also express no opinion regarding any laws relating to terrorism or money laundering, including Executive Order No. 13224, 66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (published September 25, 2001) (the Terrorism Executive Order or any related enabling legislation or any other similar executive order (collectively with the Terrorism Executive Order, the Executive Orders ), the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Public Law 107-56, the Patriot Act ), any sanctions and regulations promulgated under authority granted by the Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 1-44, as amended from time to time, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1701-06, as amended from time to time, the Iraqi Sanctions Act, Publ. L. No. 101-513; United Nations Participation Act, 22 U.S.C. 287c, as amended from time to time, the International Security and Development Cooperation Act, 22 U.S.C. 2349 aa-9, as amended from time to time, The Cuban Democracy Act, 22 U.S.C. 6001-10, as amended from time to time, The Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity Act, 18 U.S.C. 2332d and 2339b, as amended from time to time, and The Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act, Publ. L. No. 106-120, as amended from time to time. We express no opinion as to what law might be applied by any other courts to resolve any issue addressed in this letter. We advise you that issues addressed by this letter may be governed in whole or in part by other laws, but we express no opinion as to whether any relevant difference exists between the laws upon which our opinions are based and any other laws which may actually govern. This opinion letter speaks as of the time of its delivery on the date it bears. We do not assume any obligation to provide you with any subsequent opinion or advice by reason of any fact about which our Designated Transaction Lawyers did not have actual knowledge at that time, by reason of any change subsequent to that time in any law covered by any of our opinions, or for any other reason. 

H- 6 
 You may rely upon this letter only for the purpose served by the provision in the Credit Agreement cited in the second paragraph of this opinion letter in response to which it has been delivered. Without our written consent: (i) no person other than you may rely on this opinion letter for any purpose; (ii) this opinion letter may not be cited or quoted in any financial statement, prospectus, private placement memorandum or other similar document; (iii) this opinion letter may not be cited or quoted in any other document or communication which might encourage reliance upon this opinion letter by any person or for any purpose excluded by the restrictions in this paragraph; and (iv) copies of this opinion letter may not be furnished to anyone for purposes of encouraging such reliance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, financial institutions which subsequently become Banks in accordance with the terms of Section 10.5 of the Credit Agreement may rely on this opinion letter as of the time of its delivery on the date hereof as if this letter were addressed to them. Sincerely, KIRKLAND ELLIS LLP 

EXHIBIT I [FORM OF EXTENSION REQUEST] ____________________, 20__ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 01 Newark, Delaware 19713-2107 United States Attention: Loan Agency Services Group Telephone: (302) 634-9770 Facsimile: (302) 634-4733 Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among Deere Company, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., the Banks parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as therein defined. This is an Extension Request pursuant to subsection 2.16 of the Credit Agreement requesting an extension of the Termination Date to [INSERT REQUESTED TERMINATION DATE]. Please transmit a copy of this Extension Request to each of the Banks. Very truly yours, DEERE COMPANY By: Title: JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: Title: JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: Title: 

EXHIBIT J [FORM OF W-8BEN-E TAX LETTER] [To be sent in DUPLICATE and accompanied by TWO executed copies of Form W-8BEN-E of the Internal Revenue Service] [Bank s Letterhead] ________________, 20__ Deere Company One John Deere Place Moline, Illinois 61265 Attention: Treasurer John Deere Capital Corporation First National Bank Building 1 East First Street Reno, Nevada 89501 Attention: Manager [John Deere Bank S.A. 43, avenue John F. Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Attention: ] Re: 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 with Deere Company, and John Deere Capital Corporation and John Deere Bank S.A. Ladies and Gentlemen: In connection with the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among Deere Company, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., the Banks parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, we hereby represent and warrant that [name of Bank, address] is a [name of Country] corporation and is currently exempt from any U.S. federal withholding tax on payments to it from U.S. sources by virtue of compliance with the provisions of the Income Tax Convention between the United States and [name of Country] signed [date], [as amended]. Our fiscal year is the twelve months ending [________________]. The undersigned (a) is a [corporation] organized under the laws of [_______] whose [registered] business is managed or controlled in [_______], (b) [does not have a permanent establishment or fixed base in the United States] [does have a permanent establishment or fixed base in the United States but the above Agreement is not effectively connected with such permanent establishment or fixed base], (c) is not exempt from tax on the income in [_______] and (d) is the beneficial owner of the income. 

J- 2 
 We enclose herewith two copies of Form W-8BEN-E of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Yours faithfully, [NAME OF BANK] By: Title: cc: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

EXHIBIT K [FORM OF W-8ECI TAX LETTER] [To be sent in DUPLICATE and accompanied by TWO executed copies of Form W-8ECI of the Internal Revenue Service] [Bank s Letterhead] ______________, 20__ Deere Company One John Deere Place Moline, Illinois 61265 Attention: Treasurer John Deere Capital Corporation First National Bank Building 1 East First Street Reno, Nevada 89501 Attention: Manager [John Deere Bank S.A. 43, avenue John F. Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Attention: ] Re: 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 with Deere Company, and John Deere Capital Corporation and John Deere Bank S.A. Ladies and Gentlemen: In connection with the above 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, among Deere Company, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., the Banks parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, we hereby represent and warrant that [name of Bank, address] is a [corporation] and is entitled to exemption from U.S. federal withholding tax on payments to it under the Agreement by virtue of Section 1441(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of the United States of America and Treasury Regulation Section 1.1441-4(a) thereunder. 

K- 2 
 We enclose herewith two copies of Form W-8ECI of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Yours faithfully, [NAME OF BANK] By: Title: cc: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

EXHIBIT L [FORM OF REPLACEMENT BANK AGREEMENT] THIS AGREEMENT, dated as of _____, 20__ Agreement ), among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A. (the JD Luxembourg ____________ New Bank and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Existing Banks referred to below. W I T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS, the Company, the Capital Corporation, JD Luxembourg, the several financial institutions parties thereto (the Existing Banks ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent are parties to the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021 (as the same may have been or may hereafter be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Credit Agreement terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined); WHEREAS, subsection 2.19 of the Credit Agreement provides that one or more financial institutions (which may be Existing Banks) may be added as a Bank or Banks for purposes of the Credit Agreement upon the cancellation of all or a portion of the Commitments pursuant to subsection 2.13(a), (b) or (c), 2.16(c) or 2.17(b) of the Credit Agreement or the expiration of all or a portion of the Commitments pursuant to subsection 2.16(b) of the Credit Agreement or upon a Defaulting Bank becoming a Cancelled Bank and the execution of an agreement in substantially the form of this Agreement; WHEREAS, the Borrowers have cancelled or there have expired an aggregate principal amount of Commitments equal to ______which have not heretofore been replaced (the Cancelled Commitments the Banks that are maintaining or have maintained the Cancelled Commitments being collectively referred to as Cancelled Banks such Cancelled Commitments being on the date hereof, or on the date of notice of cancellation hereof having been, utilized as follows: Principal Amount Last day of Interest Period I Unused Portion N/A II Committed Rate Loa ns Eurocurrency Loans 1 2 3 ABR Loans N/A III Bid Loans 1 2 3 IV Negotiated Rate Loans 

L- 2 
 1 2 3 
 WHEREAS, the cancellation of the Cancelled Commitments is effective in accordance with the Credit Agreement; and WHEREAS, [the Borrowers desire the New Bank to become, and the New Bank is agreeable, to becoming, a Bank for purposes of the Credit Agreement] [the New Bank is an Existing Bank and the Borrowers desire the New Bank to increase, and the New Bank is agreeable to increasing, its Commitment] 1 on the terms contained herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Benefits of Agreement . The Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the New Bank hereby [agree that on and as of the date hereof the New Bank shall be] [confirm that the New Bank is] a Bank for all purposes and shall [continue to] be bound by and entitled to the benefits of the Credit Agreement [as if the New Bank had been named on the signature pages thereof], provided that the New Bank shall not assume and shall, except as herein provided, have no obligations in respect of any Loans outstanding on the date hereof and made by any [Existing Bank.] [Cancelled Bank.] 2. Commitment of New Bank . The Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the New Bank hereby agree that on and as of the dates set forth below the New Bank shall replace, as specified herein, _ (such percentage being referred to as the New Bank s Percentage of each utilization of the Cancelled Commitments [set forth in the third recital hereof] [set forth under the caption Committed Rate Loans ] and that the aggregate Commitment of the New Bank shall on and as of the date hereof be _____ 2 . In connection therewith, the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the New Bank hereby agree as follows 3 : (i) for purposes of determining such New Bank s pro rata share of each Committed Rate Loan borrowing advanced on or after the date hereof such Bank s Commitment shall be equal to [ same as above ]; (ii) the unused and available portion of such New Bank s Commitment shall be deemed utilized by its Percentage of the Committed Rate Loans made by the Cancelled Banks and listed in the third recital hereof. In furtherance thereof, the unused and available portion of such New Bank s Commitment shall, on the earlier of (x) the last day of each Interest Period specified for each outstanding Committed Rate Loan in the third recital hereof (and the payment in full to the Cancelled Banks of the principal thereof and accrued interest thereon) and (y) the prepayment of the principal of such Loans 
 As appropriate for New or Existing Banks. Insert amount equal to sum of New Bank s existing Commitment, if any, plus New Bank s Percentage of Cancelled Commitments. The following clauses (ii)-(iii) may be altered to reflect the agreements among the Cancelled Bank, the New Bank and the Borrowers provided such agreements do not adversely affect any Existing Bank or the Administrative Agent. 

L- 3 
 together with accrued interest thereon, automatically and without any further action by any party increase by an amount equal to the New Bank s Percentage of such Loan; and (iii) [(A)] [concurrently with the execution hereof the New Bank shall disburse to each Borrower in immediately available funds such amount as shall be necessary so that (x) the ratio which each Bank s outstanding ABR Loans bears to all of the outstanding ABR Loans and (y) the ratio which each Bank s outstanding SONIA Loans bears to all of the outstanding SONIA Loans, in each case equals the ratio which each Bank s Commitment (determined, for the New Bank, in accordance with clause (i) above) bears to all of the Commitments (determined, for the New Bank, in accordance with the immediately foregoing parenthetical);] [(B)] [on the last day of each Interest Period for each outstanding Eurocurrency Loan, automatically and without any further action by either Borrower, the New Bank shall disburse to each Borrower in immediately available funds such amounts as shall be necessary so that the ratio which each Bank s outstanding Eurocurrency Loans, bears to all of the outstanding Eurocurrency Loans, equals the ratio which each Bank s Commitment (determined, for the New Bank, in accordance with clause (i) hereof) bears to all of the Commitments (determined, for the New Bank, in accordance with the immediately foregoing parenthetical);] [(C)] [Funding of outstanding Bid Loans of Cancelled Banks] [(D)] [Funding of outstanding Negotiated Rate Loans of Cancelled Banks]. 4 3. Representation and Warranty of Borrowers . The Borrowers hereby represent and warrant that after giving effect to the provisions of paragraph 2 hereof the aggregate principal amount of the Commitments of all Banks (including, without limitation, the Commitment of the New Bank but excluding the cancelled or expired portion of the Commitments of the Cancelled Banks) under the Credit Agreement do not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the Commitments in effect immediately prior to the cancellation referred to in the third recital hereof. 4. Confidentiality . The New Bank agrees to [continue to] be bound by the provisions of subsection 10.7 of the Credit Agreement. [5. Taxes . The New Bank (i) represents to the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers that [it is incorporated under the laws of the United States or a state thereof][under applicable law and treaties no taxes will be required to be withheld by the Administrative Agent or the Borrowers with respect to any payments to be made to such New Bank in respect of the Loans], (ii) represents that it has furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers (A) [a statement that it is incorporated under the laws of the United States or a state thereof][a letter in duplicate in the form of Exhibit [J][K] to the Credit Agreement and two duly completed copies of United States Internal Revenue Service Form [W-8BEN-E] [W-8ECI] [successor applicable form], certifying that such New Bank is entitled to receive payments under the Credit Agreement without deduction or withholding of any United States federal income taxes], and (B) [an Internal Revenue Service Form [W-8BEN-E] [successor applicable form] to establish an exemption from United States backup withholding tax, and (iii) agrees to provide the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers a new Form [W-8BEN-E] and Form [W-8ECI], or successor applicable form or other manner of certification, on or before the date that any such letter or form expires or becomes obsolete or after the occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent letter and form 
 To be completed upon agreement of Borrowers and New Bank. 

L- 4 
 previously delivered by it, certifying in the case of a Form [W-8BEN-E] [W-8ECI] that it is entitled to receive payments under the Credit Agreement without deduction or withholding of any United States federal income tax, and in the case of a Form [W-8BEN-E] establishing exemption from United States backup withholding tax.] 5 [5][6]. Miscellaneous . (a) This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts and all of the counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument and shall be effective only upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of all of the counterparts. (b) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 
 Use for non-Existing Banks. 

L- 5 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. DEERE COMPANY By: Title: JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: Title: JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: Title: [NAME OF NEW BANK] By: Title: [Address] Telephone: Facsimile: JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: Title: 

EXHIBIT M [FORM OF BID LOAN OR NEGOTIATED RATE LOAN NOTE] PROMISSORY NOTE __________ New York, New York ___________ __, 20__ FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, [DEERE COMPANY] [JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION], a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), hereby promises to pay on [insert maturity date or dates] to ________________ or registered assigns (the Bank at the office of [JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. located at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179 -- for Bid Loan Note] [Name and address of Bank -- for Negotiated Rate Loan Note], in lawful money of [the United States of America] and in immediately available funds, the principal sum of ______________[DOLLARS ____________)]. The undersigned further agrees to pay interest in like money at such office on the unpaid principal amount hereof from time to time from the date hereof [at the rate of ___ per annum -- for Bid Loan Note] [specify rate for Negotiated Rate Loan Note] (calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed) until the due date hereof (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration, or otherwise) and thereafter at the rates determined or agreed in accordance with subsection 2.2(e) of the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021 (the Credit Agreement ), among the Borrower, [Deere Company] [John Deere Capital Corporation], John Deere Bank S.A., the Bank, the other financial institutions parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent. Interest shall be payable on _______________. This Note may be prepaid pursuant to the provisions of subsection 2.6 of the Credit Agreement. This Note is one of the [Bid] [Negotiated Rate Loan] Notes referred to in, is subject to and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement, which Credit Agreement, among other things, contains provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the occurrence of any one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Credit Agreement. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with their defined meanings unless otherwise defined herein. This Note shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. [DEERE COMPANY] [JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION] By: Title: 

EXHIBIT N FORM OF NEW BANK SUPPLEMENT SUPPLEMENT, dated _______ __, to the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement (as in effect on the date hereof, the Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021, among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., the banks and other financial institutions from time to time party thereto (each a Bank , and together, the Banks ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent for the Banks, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent. Unless the context otherwise requires, all capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement. W I T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS, the Credit Agreement provides in subsection 2.20 thereof that any bank or financial institution, although not originally a party thereto, may become a party to the Credit Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof by executing and delivering to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent a supplement to the Credit Agreement in substantially the form of this New Bank Supplement; and WHEREAS, the undersigned was not an original party to the Credit Agreement but now desires to become a party thereto; NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned hereby agrees as follows: The undersigned agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and agrees that it shall, on the date this New Bank Supplement is accepted by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, become a Bank for all purposes of the Credit Agreement to the same extent as if originally a party thereto, with a Commitment of __________________. The undersigned (a) represents and warrants that it is legally authorized to enter into this New Bank Supplement; (b) confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 thereof and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this New Bank Supplement; (c) agrees that it has made and will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Bank and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement or any instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto; (d) appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as administrative agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under the Credit Agreement or any instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are incidental thereto; and (e) agrees that it will be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and will perform in accordance with its terms all the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Bank including, without limitation, its obligation pursuant to subsection 2.17(c), subsection 2.17(d) and subsection 2.17(e) of the Credit Agreement. 

N- 2 
 The undersigned s address for notices for the purposes of the Credit Agreement is as follows: _______________________ Attention:_______________ _______________________ _______________________ Fax:____________________ 

N- 3 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this New Bank Supplement to be executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer on the date first above written. [NAME OF NEW BANK] By: Title: Accepted this _____ day of ______________, 20__ DEERE COMPANY By: Title: JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: Title: JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: Title: Accepted this _____ day of ______________, 20__ JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: Title: 

EXHIBIT O FORM OF COMMITMENT INCREASE SUPPLEMENT SUPPLEMENT, dated _______ 20__, to the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement (as in effect on the date hereof, the Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021, among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A., the banks and other financial institutions from time to time party thereto (each a Bank , and together, the Banks ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent. Unless the context otherwise requires, all capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement. W I T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS, pursuant to the provisions of subsection 2.20 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned may increase the amount of its Commitment in accordance with the terms thereof by executing and delivering to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent a supplement to the Credit Agreement in substantially the form of this Supplement; and WHEREAS, the undersigned now desires to increase the amount of its Commitment under the Credit Agreement; NOW THEREFORE, the undersigned hereby agrees as follows: 1. The undersigned agrees, subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, that on the date this Supplement is accepted by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent it shall have its Commitment increased by ______________, thereby making the amount of its Commitment ______________. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Supplement to be executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer on the date first above written. [NAME OF BANK] By: Title: 

Accepted this _____ day of ______________, 20__ DEERE COMPANY By: Title: JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION By: Title: JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. By: Title: Accepted this _____ day of ______________, 20__ JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: Title: 

EXHIBIT P-1 FORM OF Certificate of Non-Bank Status (For Foreign Banks that Are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ), among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A. (the JD Luxembourg , and together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and each Bank from time to time party thereto. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten-percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (v) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned s conduct of a U.S. trade or business. The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. [NAME OF BANK] By:______________________________________ Name: Title: Date: [ ], 202[_] 

EXHIBIT P-2 
 FORM OF Certificate of Non-Bank Status (For Foreign Banks that Are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ), among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A. (the JD Luxembourg , and together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and each Bank from time to time party thereto. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Agreement, neither the undersigned nor any of its partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its partners/members is a ten-percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (v) none of its partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and (vi) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned s or its partners/members conduct of a U.S. trade or business. The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. [NAME OF BANK] By:______________________________________ Name: Title: Date: [ ], 202[_] 

EXHIBIT P-3 
 FORM OF Certificate of Non-Bank Status (For Non-U.S. Participants that Are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ), among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A. (the JD Luxembourg , and together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and each Bank from time to time party thereto. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten-percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and (v) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned s conduct of a U.S. trade or business. The undersigned has furnished its participating Bank with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Bank in writing and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Bank with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] By:______________________________________ Name: Title: Date: [ ], 202[_] 

EXHIBIT P-4 
 FORM OF Certificate of Non-Bank Status (For Non-U.S. Participants that Are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the 3,000,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ), among Deere Company (the Company ), John Deere Capital Corporation (the Capital Corporation ), John Deere Bank S.A. (the JD Luxembourg , and together with the Company and the Capital Corporation, the Borrowers ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Documentation Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and each Bank from time to time party thereto. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its partners/members is a ten-percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (v) none of its partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and (vi) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned s or its partners/members conduct of a U.S. trade or business. The undersigned has furnished its participating Bank with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E from each of its partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Bank and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Bank with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] By:______________________________________ Name: Title: Date: [ ], 202[_] 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-21>
 12
 de-20211031xex21.htm
 EX-21

EXHIBIT 21 DEERE COMPANY AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT As of October 31, 2021 Subsidiary companies of Deere Company are listed below. Except where otherwise indicated, 100 percent of the voting securities of the companies named is owned directly or indirectly by Deere Company. 

Name of subsidiary Organized under the laws of Subsidiaries included in consolidated financial statements Banco John Deere S.A. Brazil Bear Flag Robotics, Inc. Delaware Blue River Technology, Inc. Delaware Chamberlain Holdings Limited Australia Deere Capital, Inc. Nevada Deere Credit, Inc. Delaware Deere Credit Services, Inc. Delaware Deere Funding Canada Corporation Canada Deere Receivables LLC Nevada Farm Plan Corporation Delaware FPC Receivables, Inc. Nevada Hamm AG Germany Harvest Profit, LLC Delaware Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A. Argentina John Deere (China) Investment Co., Ltd. China John Deere (Jiamusi) Agricultural Machinery Co., Ltd. China John Deere (Tianjin) International Trading Co., Ltd. China John Deere Agricultural Holdings, Inc. Delaware John Deere Asia (Singapore) Private Limited Singapore John Deere Bank S.A. Luxembourg John Deere Brasil Ltda. Brazil John Deere Canada ULC Canada John Deere Capital Corporation Delaware John Deere Cash Management Luxembourg John Deere Construction Forestry Company Delaware John Deere Electronic Solutions, Inc. North Dakota John Deere Financial, f.s.b. Federal John Deere Financial Inc. Canada John Deere Financial Limited Australia John Deere Financial Mexico, S.A. de C.V. SOFOM, ENR Mexico John Deere Financial Services, Inc. Delaware 

John Deere Forestry Group LLC Illinois John Deere Funding Corporation Nevada John Deere Global Investments LLC Delaware John Deere GmbH Co. KG Germany John Deere Iberica S.A. Spain John Deere India Private Limited India John Deere International GmbH Switzerland John Deere-Lanz Verwaltungs GmbH Germany John Deere Leasing Company Delaware John Deere Limited Australia John Deere Limited United Kingdom John Deere Polska Sp. z.o.o. Poland John Deere Receivables, Inc. Nevada John Deere Rus. Limited Liability Company Russia John Deere S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico John Deere S.A.S. France John Deere Shared Services, Inc. Delaware John Deere Thibodaux, Inc. Louisiana John Deere Walldorf GmbH Co. KG Germany John Deere Warranty, Inc. Vermont Joseph V gele Aktiengesellschaft Germany Motores John Deere S.A. de C.V. Mexico Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada Ltd. Canada Wirtgen GmbH Germany Wirtgen Road Technologies GmbH Germany ____________________________ One hundred fifty-four consolidated subsidiaries and twenty-four unconsolidated affiliates, whose names are omitted, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary. 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 13
 de-20211031xex22.htm
 EX-22

EXHIBIT 22 LIST OF SUBSIDIARY ISSUERS OF GUARANTEED SECURITIES From time to time, the following 100 -owned subsidiaries of Deere Company, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), may issue debt securities that are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company under a registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Name of Subsidiary Issuer Jurisdiction Deere Funding Canada Corporation Ontario John Deere Funding Luxembourg 

</EX-22>

<EX-23>
 14
 de-20211031xex23.htm
 EX-23

Exhibit 23 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-165069, 333-62669, 333-132013, 333-140980, 333-140981, 333-202299 and 333-236655 on Form S-8 and in Registration Statement No. 333-239165 on Form S-3 of our reports dated December 16, 2021, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Deere Company, and the effectiveness of Deere Company s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Deere Company for the year ended October 31, 2021. 8 

 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP Chicago, Illinois December 16, 2021 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 15
 de-20211031xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, John C. May, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Deere Company; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 16, 2021 By: /s/ John C. May John C. May Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 16
 de-20211031xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Ryan D. Campbell, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Deere Company; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 16, 2021 By: /s/ Ryan D. Campbell Ryan D. Campbell Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 17
 de-20211031xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 STATEMENT PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS REQUIRED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Deere Company (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certify that to the best of our knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

December 16, 2021 /s/ John C. May Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John C. May (Principal Executive Officer) December 16, 2021 /s/ Ryan D. Campbell Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Ryan D. Campbell Accounting Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Deere Company and will be retained by Deere Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 22
 de-20211031.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 24
 de-20211031_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 25
 de-20211031_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 26
 de-20211031_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

