<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211216_10-K_edgar_data_1005276_0001005276-21-000022.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18765683</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1071506</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5910276</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5560989</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3190918</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2749136</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001005276-21-000022.hdr.sgml : 20211216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211216163319
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001005276-21-000022
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005276
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOTELS & MOTELS [7011]
		IRS NUMBER:				061436334
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-80655
		FILM NUMBER:		211498177

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MOHEGAN SUN BOULEVARD
		CITY:			UNCASVILLE
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06382
		BUSINESS PHONE:		860-862-8000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001005276-21-000022.txt : 20211216

10-K
 1
 mtga-20210930.htm
 10-K

mtga-20210930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2021 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 Not Applicable (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 None None None (Title of each class) (Trading symbol) (Name of each exchange on which registered) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 (Title of Class) 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
 The registrant is a voluntary filer of reports required to be filed by certain companies under Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and has filed all reports that would have been required during the preceding 12 months had it been subject to such filing requirements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) 
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 INDEX TO FORM 10-K 
 
 Page Number Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 PART I Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 Item 2. Properties 
 25 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 26 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 34 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 35 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 Item 9B. Other Information 36 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 36 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 37 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 39 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 44 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 44 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 45 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 50 
 Signatures 
 51 
 Supplemental Information 
 52 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 1 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves 
 S- 1 

References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company are to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority d/b/a Mohegan Gaming Entertainment and references to the Mohegan Tribe are to the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut. The terms we or us or our refer to the Company. 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements about future events, including, without limitation, information relating to business development activities, as well as capital spending, financing sources, the effects of regulation, including gaming and tax regulation, and increased competition. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements can sometimes be identified by our use of forward-looking words such as may, will, anticipate, estimate, expect or intend and similar expressions. Such forward-looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect anticipated future results and, accordingly, such results may differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. You should review carefully all of the information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 In addition to the risk factors described under Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors, the following important factors, among others, could affect our future financial condition or results of operations, causing actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
 the COVID-19 pandemic and the related social and economic disruptions; 
 the financial performance of our various operations; 
 the local, regional, national or global economic climate; 
 increased competition, including the expansion of gaming in jurisdictions in which we own or operate gaming facilities; 
 our leverage and ability to meet our debt service obligations and maintain compliance with financial debt covenants; 
 the continued availability of financing; 
 our dependence on existing management; 
 our ability to integrate new amenities from expansions to our facilities into our current operations and manage the expanded facilities; 
 changes in federal or state tax laws or the administration of such laws; 
 changes in gaming laws or regulations, including the limitation, denial or suspension of licenses required under gaming laws and regulations; 
 cyber security risks relating to our information technology and other systems, including misappropriation of patron information or other breaches of information security; 
 changes in applicable laws pertaining to the service of alcohol, smoking or other amenities offered at our facilities; 
 our ability to successfully implement our diversification strategy; 
 an act of terrorism; 
 our customers' access to inexpensive transportation to our facilities and changes in oil, fuel or other transportation-related expenses; 
 unfavorable weather conditions; 
 risks associated with operations in foreign jurisdictions ; 
 failure by our employees, agents, affiliates, vendors or businesses to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations, including state gaming laws and regulations and anti-bribery laws such as the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions; and 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 These factors and the other risk factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of the forward-looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have material adverse effects on our future results. The forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made only as of the date of this Annual Report on 
 1 

Form 10-K. We do not have and do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except as required by law. We cannot assure you that projected results or events will be achieved or will occur. 
 2 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 
 Our Company 
 We were established in July 1995 by the Mohegan Tribe, a federally-recognized Indian tribe with an approximately 595-acre reservation situated in southeastern Connecticut, adjacent to Uncasville, Connecticut. Under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988 IGRA ), federally-recognized Indian tribes are permitted to conduct full-scale casino gaming operations on tribal lands, subject to, among other things, the negotiation of a compact with the affected state. The Mohegan Tribe and the State of Connecticut entered into such a compact, the Mohegan Compact, which was approved by the United States Secretary of the Interior. We were established as an instrumentality of the Mohegan Tribe, with the exclusive authority to conduct and regulate gaming activities for the Mohegan Tribe on tribal lands and the non-exclusive authority to conduct such activities elsewhere. We are governed and overseen by a nine-member Management Board, whose members also comprise the Mohegan Tribal Council, the governing body of the Mohegan Tribe. Any change in the composition of the Mohegan Tribal Council results in a corresponding change in our Management Board. Refer to Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut below and Part III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 We are primarily engaged in the ownership, operation and development of integrated entertainment facilities. We currently own two facilities in the United States and operate or manage five facilities in the United States and Canada. We are also currently developing a facility in South Korea. 
 Our principal executive office and mailing address is One Mohegan Sun Boulevard, Uncasville, CT 06382. Our telephone number is (860) 862-8000. Our corporate website address is www.mohegangaming.com . Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as well as any other information filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) under the Exchange Act, are made available free of charge on our corporate website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. We intend to use our corporate website as a regular means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with disclosure obligations under Regulation FD promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such disclosures will be included on our corporate website under the headings News or Financial Information. Any updates to the list of social media channels we use to announce material information will be posted on the News or Financial Information pages of our corporate website. Accordingly, investors should monitor such portions of our corporate website and social media channels, in addition to following our press releases, Securities and Exchange Commission filings, public conference calls and webcasts. 
 Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a global pandemic and the United States federal government declared it a national emergency. The spread of COVID-19 has affected most segments of the global economy, including our operations. In March 2020, we temporarily suspended operations at our North American owned, operated and managed properties to ensure the health and safety of our employees, guests and the surrounding communities in which we operate, consistent with directives from various government bodies. Following these closures, we reopened our properties as follows: (i) ilani Casino Resort in May 2020, (ii) Mohegan Sun in June 2020, (iii) Mohegan Sun Pocono in June 2020, (iv) Resorts Casino Hotel in July 2020 and (v) the MGE Niagara Resorts in July 2021. Mohegan Sun Pocono was again temporarily closed from December 12, 2020, through January 3, 2021, due to a resurgence of COVID-19 at that time. In addition, the initial opening of Mohegan Sun Las Vegas was delayed until March 2021. 
 COVID-19 has had a significant impact on our operations, the full extent of which depends on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. Such developments include the following: 
 the duration of COVID-19 or the extent of any resurgence or variants of COVID-19; 
 the manner in which our guests, suppliers and other third parties respond to COVID-19, including the perception of safety and health measures taken by us; 
 new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain or treat it; 
 general economic conditions; and 
 consumer confidence. 
 3 

Accordingly, we cannot reasonably estimate the extent to which COVID-19 will further impact our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Strategy 
 Our overall strategy is to: (i) drive incremental profit through gaming and non-gaming initiatives, most notably the enhancement of entertainment amenities at our existing integrated resorts and in our core markets; (ii) diversify our business interests within the integrated resort and entertainment industry, both domestically and internationally; and (iii) enhance our credit profile by reducing leverage through improved operational efficiency, increased financial discipline and high return investments, as well as revenue diversification efforts. 
 Domestically, we developed Mohegan Sun into a full-scale entertainment and destination resort, and we further strengthened our presence in the Northeastern United States gaming market with the acquisition of Mohegan Sun Pocono. Our domestic gaming portfolio also includes the development and management of ilani Casino Resort, the management of Resorts Casino Hotel and the operation of Mohegan Sun Las Vegas. We have also taken significant steps in our diversification efforts internationally with the acquisition of the MGE Niagara Resorts and the current development of an integrated resort and casino project to be located adjacent to the Incheon International Airport in South Korea Project Inspire ). 
 In June 2021, we launched our new Mohegan Digital division Mohegan Digital to provide online casino gaming and sports wagering iGaming solutions to our patrons and to capitalize on the growth and expansion of the iGaming industry, both domestically and internationally. On September 30, 2021, we launched a retail sportsbook at Mohegan Sun, which is accessible to residents and visitors in the state of Connecticut. On October 12, 2021, we commenced iGaming in the state of Connecticut. 
 Our Properties Property Location Opening Year Casino Square Footage Slot Machines Table Games Hotel Rooms Food Beverage and Retail Outlets Primary Entertainment Venue (Seats) Owned Mohegan Sun Uncasville, CT 1996 300,000 3,850 235 1,560 76 10,000 Mohegan Sun Pocono Wilkes-Barre, PA 2006 95,000 1,700 65 240 15 1,500 Project Inspire (1) 
 Incheon, South Korea 2023 260,000 700 150 1,275 70 15,000 Operated/Managed Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort Niagara Falls, ON 2004 160,000 3,550 145 370 33 5,000 Casino Niagara Niagara Falls, ON 1996 70,000 1,450 45 N.A. 4 N.A. Mohegan Sun Casino Las Vegas 
 Las Vegas, NV 2021 60,000 600 45 1,500 22 4,500 ilani Casino Resort La Center, WA 2017 110,000 2,750 75 N.A. 15 2,550 Resorts Casino Hotel (2) 
 Atlantic City, NJ 1978 80,000 1,400 70 940 22 1,250 1,135,000 16,000 830 5,885 257 39,800 
 _________ 
 (1) Estimated. 
 (2) 10 ownership. 
 N.A. Not Applicable. 
 
 Mohegan Sun 
 Mohegan Sun is located on an approximately 196-acre site on the Mohegan Tribe's reservation overlooking the Thames River with direct access from Interstate 395 and Connecticut Route 2A. Mohegan Sun is approximately 125 miles from New York City, New York, and approximately 100 miles from Boston, Massachusetts. The facility is one of two authorized gaming and entertainment facilities in the state of Connecticut and competes with gaming operations in Massachusetts, Rhode Island and New York. 
 Mohegan Sun Pocono 
 Mohegan Sun Pocono is located on an approximately 400-acre site in Plains Township, Pennsylvania. The facility is located off of Interstate 81 and is approximately eight miles from the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport. Mohegan Sun Pocono is one of 12 gaming and entertainment facilities operating in the state of Pennsylvania and competes primarily with facilities in Bethlehem and Pocono. 
 4 

MGE Niagara Resorts 
 We operate the MGE Niagara Resorts under a Casino Operating and Services Agreement (the Casino Operating and Services Agreement ). The MGE Niagara Resorts include the Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort, Casino Niagara and the 5,000-seat Niagara Falls Entertainment Centre, all in Niagara Falls, Canada. The Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort, which overlooks the iconic Horseshoe Falls, and Casino Niagara are the only two gaming and entertainment facilities in Niagara Falls, Canada. The MGE Niagara Resorts compete with facilities in Toronto, Ontario and Niagara Falls, New York. 
 Mohegan Sun Las Vegas 
 We operate Mohegan Sun Las Vegas, a more than 60,000-square-foot gaming facility at Virgin Hotels Las Vegas, in Las Vegas, Nevada. The integrated resort, including Mohegan Sun Las Vegas, competes primarily with resorts and casinos in Las Vegas. 
 ilani Casino Resort 
 We developed and currently manage ilani Casino Resort in Clark County, Washington, a gaming and entertainment facility owned by the federally-recognized Cowlitz Indian Tribe and the Cowlitz Tribal Gaming Authority. ilani Casino Resort is located 45 minutes outside of the rapidly expanding Portland, Oregon region on Interstate 5. 
 Resorts Casino Hotel 
 We manage Resorts Casino Hotel and own 10 of the casino's holding company and its subsidiaries, including those conducting or licensing iGaming and retail sports wagering in the state of New Jersey. Resorts Casino Hotel, the first casino hotel in Atlantic City, New Jersey, opened in 1978, becoming the first legal casino outside of the state of Nevada. Resorts Casino Hotel is one of nine casinos operating in Atlantic City. 
 Project Inspire 
 In February 2016, we were awarded pre-approval for a foreigner-only gaming license to be issued upon completion of the construction of Project Inspire in South Korea. In August 2016, we entered into an agreement with the Incheon International Airport Authority for the long-term lease and development of approximately 4.4 million square meters of land located directly adjacent to Terminal 2 of the Incheon International Airport. The integrated resort phase of Project Inspire is planned to open in late 2023. Project Inspire will compete with another casino resort located in Incheon and several other smaller casino-only operations located in downtown Seoul. 
 Inspire Athens 
 In October 2020, a consortium among two of our wholly-owned unrestricted subsidiaries and GEK Terna Holding Real Estate Construction S.A. GEK Terna of Greece was selected by the Hellenic Gaming Commission (the HGC as the provisional contractor to develop an integrated resort and casino in Greece. Subsequently, we conducted a comprehensive review of our operations and future commitments against the new backdrop created by COVID-19 and concluded that we would not continue to pursue the concession rights for this project. Accordingly, on September 17, 2021, through our wholly-owned unrestricted subsidiaries, we transferred all of our equity ownership in the project to GEK Terna, which was previously the minority investor in the project. We and GEK Terna coordinated the equity transfer with the requisite government officials in Greece, including approval by the HGC on October 22, 2021. The final transfer of the consortium s reliance on our technical and professional capacity and experience in the development and operation of integrated resort casinos remains pending, along with other administrative procedures for final governmental and regulatory review. 
 Seasonality 
 The gaming markets in the Northeastern United States and Niagara Falls, Canada, are seasonal in nature, with peak gaming activities often occurring during the months of May through August. 

5 

Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut 
 General 
 The Mohegan Tribe has lived in a cohesive community for hundreds of years in what is today southeastern Connecticut. The Mohegan Tribe became a federally-recognized Indian tribe in 1994 and currently has approximately 2,300 members, of which approximately 1,500 are of voting age. 
 Governance of the Mohegan Tribe 
 The Mohegan Tribe's Constitution provides for the governance of the Mohegan Tribe by the Mohegan Tribal Council, consisting of nine members, and a Council of Elders, consisting of seven members. Legislative and executive powers of the Mohegan Tribe are vested in the Mohegan Tribal Council, with the exception of enrollment of tribal members and cultural duties which are vested in the Council of Elders. The members of the Mohegan Tribal Council also serve as members and officers on our Management Board. The registered voters of the Mohegan Tribe elect all members of the Mohegan Tribal Council. Pursuant to the Mohegan Tribe's Constitution, the members of the Mohegan Tribal Council are elected on a four-year staggered term basis. The terms for four members of the Mohegan Tribal Council expire in October 2023, while the terms for the remaining five members expire in October 2025. Members of the Mohegan Tribal Council must be at least 21 years of age when elected. 
 The Mohegan Tribe may amend provisions of its Constitution that established us and the Gaming Disputes Court, which is described below. Such an amendment requires the approval of two-thirds of the members of the Mohegan Tribal Council and must be ratified by registered voters of the Mohegan Tribe by a two-thirds majority of all votes cast, with at least a 40 participation of registered voters of the Mohegan Tribe. In addition, the Mohegan Tribe's Constitution currently prohibits the Mohegan Tribe from enacting any law that would impair the obligations of contracts entered into in furtherance of the development, construction, operation and promotion of gaming on tribal lands. An amendment to this provision requires the affirmative vote of 75 of registered voters of the Mohegan Tribe. Prior to the enactment of any such amendment by the Mohegan Tribal Council, any non-tribal party would have the opportunity to seek a ruling from the Appellate Branch of the Gaming Disputes Court that the proposed amendment would constitute an impermissible impairment of contract. 
 Gaming Disputes Court 
 Under the Constitution and laws of the Mohegan Tribe, the Mohegan Tribe has established a Gaming Disputes Court, which is vested with exclusive jurisdiction over all disputes related to gaming and associated facilities on tribal lands, including appeals from certain final administrative agency decisions. 
 The Gaming Disputes Court has jurisdiction over all disputes or controversies related to gaming between any person or entity and us or the Mohegan Tribe. The Gaming Disputes Court also has jurisdiction over certain appeals arising out of tribal agency regulatory powers, including licensing actions. The Mohegan Tribe has adopted the substantive law of the State of Connecticut as the applicable law of the Gaming Disputes Court to the extent that such law is not in conflict with Mohegan Tribal Law. Also, the Mohegan Tribe has adopted all of Connecticut's rules of civil and appellate procedure and professional and judicial conduct to govern the Gaming Disputes Court. 
 Judges of the Gaming Disputes Court are chosen by the Mohegan Tribal Council from a publicly available list of eligible retired federal judges and Connecticut Attorney Trial Referees, who are appointed by the Chief Justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court, each of whom must remain licensed to practice law in Connecticut. 
 
 Mohegan Gaming Entertainment 
 We were established by the Mohegan Tribe in July 1995 with the exclusive authority to conduct and regulate gaming activities for the Mohegan Tribe on tribal lands and the non-exclusive authority to conduct such activities elsewhere. We have three major functions. The first function is to identify and evaluate, in conjunction with the Mohegan Tribe, and, where appropriate, pursue and execute upon various business opportunities in an effort to diversify our revenue base and cash flow streams. These opportunities primarily consist of development, consulting and/or management of, investment in or ownership of additional gaming and entertainment operations through direct investments, acquisitions, joint venture arrangements and loan or financial/credit support transactions. The second function is to direct the operation, management and promotion of gaming enterprises and all related activities on tribal lands. The third function is to regulate gaming activities on tribal lands. Our Management Board has appointed an independent Director of Regulation who is responsible for the regulation of gaming activities at Mohegan Sun and on tribal lands. The Director of Regulation serves at the will of the Management Board and ensures the integrity of gaming operation through the promulgation and enforcement of appropriate regulations. The Director of Regulation and staff are also responsible for performing background investigations and licensing of non-gaming employees, as well as vendors seeking to provide non-gaming products or services to or for Mohegan Sun. Pursuant to the Mohegan Compact, the State of Connecticut is responsible for performing background investigations and licensing of gaming employees, as well as 
 6 

gaming vendors seeking to provide gaming products or services on tribal lands, and pursuant to state law, the regulation of iGaming conducted by or on behalf of Mohegan Digital outside of tribal lands in the state. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 General 
 Operations at our properties and iGaming opportunities are subject to varying federal, state, provincial, local and tribal laws and regulations. The following description of the regulatory environment in which gaming takes place at our properties is only a summary and not a complete recitation of all applicable regulations and does not encompass gaming jurisdictions where we manage facilities for third parties. Moreover, since these regulatory environments are susceptible to changes in public policy considerations, it is impossible to predict how particular provisions will be interpreted, from time to time, or whether they will remain intact. Changes in such regulations could have a material adverse impact on our operations. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Tribal Law and Legal Systems 
 Applicability of State and Federal Law 
 Federally-recognized Indian tribes are independent governments, subordinate to the United States, with sovereign powers, except as those powers may have been limited by treaty or by Congress. The power of Indian tribes to enact their own laws to regulate gaming derives from the exercise of this tribal sovereignty. Indian tribes maintain their own governmental systems and often their own judicial systems. Indian tribes have the right to tax persons and enterprises conducting business on tribal lands, and also have the right to require licenses and to impose other forms of regulations and regulatory fees on persons and businesses operating on their lands. 
 Absent the consent of the Mohegan Tribe or action of Congress, the laws of the State of Connecticut do not apply to us or the Mohegan Tribe. Pursuant to the federal law that settled the Mohegan Tribe's land claims in 1994, the United States and the Mohegan Tribe consented to, among other things, the extension of Connecticut criminal law and Connecticut state traffic controls over Mohegan Sun. 
 Waiver of Sovereign Immunity; Jurisdiction; Exhaustion of Tribal Remedies 
 Indian tribes enjoy sovereign immunity from unconsented suit similar to that of the states and the United States. In order to sue an Indian tribe (or an agency or instrumentality of an Indian tribe, such as us), the Mohegan Tribe must have effectively waived its sovereign immunity with respect to the matter in dispute. Further, in most commercial disputes with Indian tribes, the jurisdiction of the federal courts, which are courts of limited jurisdiction, may be difficult or impossible to obtain. A commercial dispute is unlikely to present a federal question, and some courts have ruled that an Indian tribe as a party is not a citizen of any state for purposes of establishing diversity jurisdiction in the federal courts. State courts may also lack jurisdiction over suits brought by non-Indians against Indian tribes in Connecticut. The remedies available against an Indian tribe also depend, at least in part, upon the rules of comity requiring initial exhaustion of remedies in tribal tribunals and, as to some judicial remedies, the tribe's consent to jurisdictional provisions contained in the disputed agreements. The United States Supreme Court has held that, where a tribal court exists, jurisdiction in that forum first must be exhausted before any dispute can be heard properly by federal courts which otherwise would have jurisdiction. Where a dispute as to the jurisdiction of the tribal forum exists, the tribal court first must rule as to the limits of its own jurisdiction. 
 In connection with certain of our contractual arrangements, including substantially all of our outstanding indebtedness, we, the Mohegan Tribe, Mohegan Basketball Club, LLC, Mohegan Golf, LLC, Mohegan Ventures-Northwest, LLC, Mohegan Expo Center, LLC, Mohegan Digital, LLC, Mohegan Digital Services, LLC, MGNV Holding, LLC and MGNV, LLC and to the extent applicable, Mohegan Commercial Ventures-PA, LLC, Downs Racing, Backside, L.P., Mill Creek Land, L.P. and Northeast Concessions, L.P. (the "Pocono subsidiaries"), and certain of our subsidiaries and entities have agreed to waive our and their respective sovereign immunity from unconsented suit to permit any court of competent jurisdiction to: (i) enforce and interpret the terms of our applicable outstanding indebtedness, and award and enforce the award of damages owing as a consequence of a breach thereof, whether such award is the product of litigation, administrative proceedings, or arbitration, (ii) determine whether any consent or approval of the Mohegan Tribe or us has been granted improperly or withheld unreasonably, (iii) enforce any judgment prohibiting the Mohegan Tribe or us from taking any action, or mandating or obligating the Mohegan Tribe or us to take any action, including a judgment compelling the Mohegan Tribe or us to submit to binding arbitration and (iv) adjudicate any claim under the Indian Civil Rights Act of 1968, 25 U.S.C. 1302 (or any successor statute). 

7 

The Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988 
 Regulatory Authority 
 The operation of casinos and gaming on Indian lands is subject to IGRA, which is administered by the National Indian Gaming Commission ("NIGC"), an independent agency within the United States Department of the Interior, which exercises primary federal regulatory responsibility over Indian gaming. The NIGC has exclusive federal authority to issue regulations governing tribal gaming activities, approve tribal ordinances for regulating Class II and Class III Gaming (as described below), approve management agreements for gaming facilities, conduct investigations and generally monitor tribal gaming. Certain responsibilities under IGRA (such as the approval of gaming compacts, gaming revenue allocation plans for tribal members and the review of applications to take land into trust for gaming) are retained by the Bureau of Indian Affairs ("BIA"). The BIA also has responsibility to review and approve certain agreements and land leases relating to Indian lands. The United States Department of Justice also retains responsibility for federal criminal law enforcement on the Mohegan reservation. 
 The NIGC is empowered to inspect and audit all Indian gaming facilities, to conduct background checks on all persons associated with Class II Gaming and management contractors involved in Class III Gaming, to hold hearings, issue subpoenas, take depositions, adopt regulations and assess fees and impose civil penalties for violations of IGRA. IGRA also prohibits illegal gaming on Indian lands and theft from Indian gaming facilities. The NIGC has adopted rules implementing specific provisions of IGRA, which govern, among other things, the submission and approval of tribal gaming ordinances or resolutions and require an Indian tribe to have the sole proprietary interest in and responsibility for the conduct of any gaming. Tribes are required to issue gaming licenses only under articulated standards, to conduct or commission financial audits of their gaming enterprises, to perform or commission background investigations for primary management officials and key employees and to maintain their facilities in a manner that adequately protects the environment and the public health and safety. These rules also set out review and reporting procedures for tribal licensing of gaming operation employees and tribal gaming facilities. 
 Tribal Ordinances 
 Under IGRA, except to the extent otherwise provided in a tribal-state compact, Indian tribal governments have primary regulatory authority over Class III Gaming on land within a tribe's jurisdiction. Therefore, our gaming operations, and persons engaged in gaming activities, are guided by and subject to the provisions of the Mohegan Tribe's ordinances and regulations regarding gaming, in addition to the provisions of the Mohegan Compact. 
 IGRA requires that the NIGC review tribal gaming ordinances and authorizes the NIGC to approve such ordinances only if they meet specific requirements relating to: (i) the ownership, security, personnel background, record keeping and auditing of a tribe's gaming enterprises, (ii) the use of the revenues from such gaming and (iii) the protection of the environment and the public health and safety. The Mohegan Tribe adopted its gaming ordinance in July 1994, and the NIGC approved the gaming ordinance in November 1994. 
 Classes of Gaming 
 IGRA classifies games that may be conducted on Indian lands into three categories. Class I Gaming includes social games solely for prizes of minimal value or traditional forms of Indian gaming engaged in by individuals as part of, or in connection with, tribal ceremonies or celebrations. Class II Gaming includes bingo, pull-tabs, lotto, punch boards, tip jars, certain non-banked card games (if such games are played legally elsewhere in the state), instant bingo and other games similar to bingo, if those games are played at the same location where bingo is played. Class III Gaming includes all other forms of gaming, such as slot machines, video casino games (e.g., video blackjack and video poker), so-called banked table games (e.g., blackjack, craps and roulette) and other commercial gaming (e.g., sports betting and pari-mutuel wagering). 
 Class I Gaming on Indian lands is within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Indian tribe and is not subject to IGRA. Class II Gaming is permitted on Indian lands if: (i) the state in which the Indian lands lie permits such gaming for any purpose by any person, organization or entity, (ii) the gaming is not otherwise specifically prohibited on Indian lands by federal law, (iii) the gaming is conducted in accordance with a tribal ordinance or resolution which has been approved by the NIGC, (iv) an Indian tribe has sole proprietary interest and responsibility for the conduct of gaming, (v) the primary management officials and key employees are tribally licensed and (vi) several other requirements are met. Class III Gaming is permitted on Indian lands if the conditions applicable to Class II Gaming are met, and in addition, the gaming is conducted in conformance with the terms of a tribal-state compact (a written agreement between the tribal government and the government of the state within whose boundaries the tribe's lands lie). 
 With the growth of the Internet and other modern advances, computers, mobile devices and other technology aids are increasingly used to conduct iGaming, where authorized by law. Several states and provinces where we operate (Connecticut, Nevada, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Ontario) have passed legislation to license and tax iGaming conducted on an intra-state or intra-provincial basis or with other territories by compact, while federal iGaming legislation has been introduced in Congress from time to time. To date, Congress has not passed amendments to the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act of 2006 
 8 

or new legislation to establish a licensing, taxing and enforcement framework for Internet gaming. Nor has Congress responded to the United States Supreme Court s decision in May 2018 which overturned the federal law on sports wagering and has led to a proliferation of state laws authorizing sports wagering online and at retail locations. 
 Tribal-State Compacts 
 IGRA requires states to negotiate in good faith with Indian tribes that seek to enter into tribal-state compacts for the conduct of Class III Gaming. Such tribal-state compacts may include provisions for the allocation of criminal and civil jurisdiction between the state and the Indian tribe necessary for the enforcement of laws and regulations, taxation by the Indian tribe of gaming activities in amounts comparable to those amounts assessed by the state for comparable activities, remedies for breach of compacts, standards for the operation of gaming and maintenance of gaming facilities, including licensing and any other subjects that are directly related to the operation of gaming activities. While the terms of tribal-state compacts vary from state to state, compacts within a state tend to be substantially similar. Tribal-state compacts usually specify the types of permitted games, establish technical standards for gaming, set maximum and minimum machine payout percentages, entitle the state to inspect casinos, require background investigations and licensing of casino employees and may require the tribe to pay a portion of the state's expenses for establishing and maintaining regulatory agencies. Some tribal-state compacts are for set terms, while others are for an indefinite duration. 
 IGRA provides that if an Indian tribe and state fail to successfully negotiate a tribal-state compact, the United States Department of the Interior may approve gaming procedures pursuant to which Class III Gaming may be conducted on Indian lands. Gaming compacts or approved gaming procedures take effect upon notice of approval by the United States Secretary of the Interior published in the Federal Register. The Mohegan Compact, first approved by the United States Secretary of the Interior in 1994, does not have a specific term and will remain in effect until terminated by written agreement between both parties, or the provisions are modified as a result of a change in applicable law. Our gaming operations are subject to the requirements and restrictions contained in the Mohegan Compact, which authorizes the Mohegan Tribe to conduct most forms of Class III Gaming. In July 2017, the Mohegan Tribe and the State of Connecticut entered into an agreement to amend the Mohegan Compact and the Memorandum of Understanding (the "MOU") to allow the Mohegan Tribe and the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation MPT to jointly and exclusively own a proposed off-reservation casino in East Windsor, Connecticut. Effective September 27, 2021, a second agreement to amend the Mohegan Compact and a memorandum of agreement amending the MOU became effective allowing the Mohegan Tribe or its designated instrumentality or subsidiary to conduct sports wagering as approved Class III Gaming under the Mohegan Compact. State enabling legislation became effective simultaneously enabling Mohegan Digital to commence iGaming in the state of Connecticut in October 2021. 
 Tribal-state compacts have been the subject of litigation in a number of states. Tribes frequently sought to enforce the provision of IGRA which entitles tribes to bring suit in federal court against a state that fails to negotiate a tribal-state compact in good faith. The United States Supreme Court held that the Indian Commerce Clause does not grant Congress authority to abrogate sovereign immunity granted to the states under the Eleventh Amendment. Accordingly, IGRA does not grant jurisdiction over a state that did not consent to be sued. 
 There has been litigation in a number of states challenging the authority of state governors, under state law, to enter into tribal-state compacts without legislative approval. Federal courts have upheld such authority in the states of Louisiana and Mississippi. The highest state courts of Arizona, Kansas, Michigan, New Mexico, New York and Rhode Island have held that governors in those states did not have authority to enter into such compacts without the consent or authorization of the legislatures of those states. In the New Mexico and Kansas cases, the courts held that the authority to enter into such compacts is a legislative function under their respective state constitutions. The court in the New Mexico case also held that state law does not permit casino-style gaming. 
 In Connecticut, there has been no litigation challenging the Governor's authority to enter into tribal-state compacts. If such a suit was filed, however, the Mohegan Tribe does not believe that the precedent in the New Mexico or Kansas cases would apply. At the time of original execution of the Mohegan Compact, the Connecticut Attorney General issued a formal opinion, which states that, existing state statutes provide the Governor with the authority to negotiate and execute the Mohegan Compact. Thus, the Attorney General declined to follow the Kansas case. In addition, in a case brought by the MPT, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit has held that Connecticut law authorizes casino gaming. After original execution of the Mohegan Compact, the Connecticut General Assembly passed a law requiring that future gaming compacts be approved by the legislature, but that law does not apply to previously executed compacts such as the Mohegan Compact, only to amendments. As mentioned above, in July 2017 and effective in September 2021, the Mohegan Tribe and the State of Connecticut entered into agreements to amend the Mohegan Compact, each of which was approved by the Connecticut General Assembly prior to approval by the United States Secretary of the Interior. 
 
 9 

Possible Changes in Federal Law 
 Bills have been introduced in Congress from time to time seeking to amend IGRA. While there have been a number of technical amendments to the law, to date, there have been no material changes to IGRA. Any amendment to IGRA could change the regulatory environment and requirements within which the Mohegan Tribe could conduct gaming. 
 Pennsylvania Racing Regulations 
 Our harness racing operation at Mohegan Sun Pocono is subject to extensive regulation under the Pennsylvania Racing Act. Under that law, as amended in 2016, the previously separate thoroughbred and standardbred commissions were combined under the jurisdiction of the Pennsylvania State Horse Racing Commission (the "PSHRC"), which is responsible for, among other things: 
 granting permission annually to maintain racing licenses and schedule races; 
 approving, after a public hearing, the opening of additional OTWs and racetracks; 
 approving simulcasting activities; 
 licensing all officers, directors, racing officials and certain other employees of a company; and 
 approving all contracts entered into by a company affecting racing, pari-mutuel wagering, phone/internet wagering and OTW operations, including iGaming and retail sports wagering. 
 As in most states, the regulations and oversight applicable to our operations in Pennsylvania are intended primarily to safeguard the legitimacy of the sport and its freedom from inappropriate or criminal influences. The PSHRC has broad authority to regulate in the best interests of racing and may disapprove the involvement of certain personnel in our operations, deny approval of certain acquisitions following their consummation or withhold permission for a proposed OTW site for a variety of reasons, including community opposition. The Pennsylvania legislature has also reserved the right to revoke the power of the PSHRC to approve additional OTWs and could, at any time, terminate pari-mutuel wagering as a form of legalized gaming in Pennsylvania or subject such wagering to additional restrictive regulation or taxation. 
 Pennsylvania Gaming Regulations 
 Our slot machine and table game operations at Mohegan Sun Pocono and iGaming operations in Pennsylvania are subject to extensive regulation under the Pennsylvania Gaming Act. Under that law, as amended, the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board (the "PGCB"), is responsible for, among other things: 
 issuing and renewing slot machine licenses and table game certificates; 
 approving, after a public hearing, the granting of additional slot machine licenses or table game certificates (to the extent allowed under the Pennsylvania Gaming Act); 
 licensing all officers, directors, principals and certain other employees and vendors of a company with gaming operations; 
 approving certain contracts entered into by a company affecting gaming operations; and 
 implementing iGaming and retail sports wagering legislation in Pennsylvania. 
 As in most states, the regulations and oversight applicable to our operations in Pennsylvania are intended primarily to safeguard the legitimacy of gaming and its freedom from inappropriate or criminal influences. The PGCB has broad authority to regulate in the best interests of gaming and may disapprove the involvement of certain personnel in our operations, reject certain transactions following their consummation, require divestiture by unsuitable persons or withhold permission on applicable gaming matters for a variety of reasons. 
 Canadian Gaming Regulations 
 The MGE Niagara Resorts are subject to both Federal and Provincial legal and regulatory considerations. Federally, the Canadian Criminal Code stipulates that operations like MGE Niagara Resorts and certain other forms of gaming must be conducted and managed by the government of a province. As a service provider licensed by the Alcohol and Gaming Commission of Ontario AGCO ), we must provide gaming-related services in Ontario within this provincial conduct and management structure. That structure is made up of the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation (the OLG ), as the provincial entity that conducts and manages lottery schemes on behalf of the Province, and the AGCO, as the provincial regulator responsible for the administration of the Ontario Gaming Control Act (among other Acts). 
 The OLG is the Crown Agency of the government of Ontario charged with overseeing the business of Ontario s gaming industry. Established pursuant to the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation Act, 1999 (the OLGCA ), the OLG's purpose is to enhance Ontario s economic development, generate revenues for Ontario, promote responsible gaming with 
 10 

respect to lottery schemes, and ensure anything done regarding any or all of the foregoing is also done for the public good and in Ontario s best interests. 
 Included in the OLG s objectives are: 
 To develop, undertake, organize, conduct and manage gaming on behalf of the Province of Ontario. 
 To provide for the operation of gaming sites. 
 To ensure gaming and gaming sites are conducted, managed and operated in accordance with the Criminal Code (Canada), the OLGCA and the Gaming Control Act, 1992 (the GCA and the regulations made under them. 
 To provide for the operation of any business that the OLG considers to be reasonably related to gaming operations, including any business that offers goods and services to persons who participate in gaming. 
 The AGCO is responsible for regulating various forms of gaming in Ontario pursuant to the broad powers granted to it under the GCA. 
 With respect to casino gaming such as carried out at MGE Niagara Resorts, the AGCO s overarching regulatory objective is to ensure that all such gaming is operated within the law and with honesty and integrity and in the broader public interest. The agency undertakes a number of key activities to fulfill its regulatory mandate including: 
 Conducting eligibility assessments and registering operators, suppliers and gaming assistants who work in or supply the casino sector; 
 Testing, approving and monitoring slot machines and gaming management systems; 
 Establishing standards and requirements for the conduct, management and operation of lottery schemes, gaming sites and related businesses; 
 Inspecting, auditing and monitoring casinos for compliance with the GCA and its regulation, licence/registration requirements and the standards and requirements established by the Registrar of Alcohol, Gaming and Racing; 
 Approving rules of play or changes to the rules of play for games conducted and managed by the OLG; 
 Excluding persons from accessing gaming sites pursuant to the GCA; and 
 Maintaining Ontario Provincial Police Casino Enforcement operations and presence to support a safe and secure environment at all gaming sites. 
 Nevada Gaming Regulations 
 The ownership and operation of casino gaming facilities in Nevada are subject to the Nevada Gaming Control Act and the regulations made thereunder (collectively, the "Nevada Act"), as well as to various local ordinances. Any changes in applicable laws, regulations and procedures could have an adverse effect on our Las Vegas gaming operation and our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Las Vegas operation is subject to the licensing and regulatory control of the Nevada Gaming Commission ("NGC"), the Nevada Gaming Control Board ("NGCB") and the Clark County Liquor and Gaming Licensing Board ("CCLGLB"). The NGC and NGCB are referred to herein collectively as the "Nevada Gaming Authorities." Our subsidiary, MGNV, LLC, the operator of the Mohegan Sun Casino Las Vegas, is licensed by the Nevada Gaming Authorities to conduct casino gaming operations, including the operation of a gaming salon. It is also licensed as a manufacturer and distributor. These gaming licenses are not transferable. 
 We are required by virtue of our public debt to be registered as a publicly traded corporation (a "registered public company") and to be found suitable by the NGC to own the equity interests of MGNV Holding, LLC ("Holding"). Holding is required to be registered as an intermediary company and to be found suitable to own the equity interests of MGNV, LLC. 
 No person may become a member of or receive profits from MGNV, LLC or Holding without first registering (for equity ownership of 5 or less) or obtaining licenses and approvals from the Nevada Gaming Authorities. The Nevada Gaming Authorities may investigate any individual who has a material relationship to or material involvement with us to determine whether the individual is suitable or should be licensed as a business associate of a gaming licensee. Officers, directors (or managers, in the case of limited liability companies) and certain key employees of MGNV, LLC and Holding and our officers and management board members who are actively and directly involved in the gaming activities of Mohegan Sun Casino Las Vegas may be required to be licensed or found suitable by the Nevada Gaming Authorities. The Nevada Gaming Authorities may require additional applications and may also deny an application for licensing for any reason which they deem appropriate. 
 If the Nevada Gaming Authorities were to find an officer, director, or key employee unsuitable for licensing or to continue having a relationship with MGNV, LLC, Holding, or us, we would have to sever all relationships with the person. In 
 11 

addition, the Nevada Gaming Authorities may require MGNV, LLC, Holding, or us to terminate the employment of any person who refuses to file appropriate applications. Determinations of suitability are not subject to judicial review. 
 If the NGC determines that we, Holding, or MGNV, LLC have violated the Nevada Act, it could limit, condition, suspend or revoke our and our intermediary subsidiary registrations and MGNV, LLC's gaming license. In addition, we and the persons involved could be subject to substantial fines for each separate violation of the Nevada Act at the discretion of the NGC. Further, the NGC could appoint a supervisor to operate Mohegan Sun Las Vegas and, under specified circumstances, earnings generated during the supervisor's appointment (except for the reasonable rental value of the premises) could be forfeited to Nevada. The limitation, conditioning or suspension of any of our gaming licenses and the appointment of a supervisor could, and revocation of any gaming license would, have a significant negative effect on our gaming operations. 
 Periodically, we are required to submit detailed financial and operating reports to the NGC and provide any other information that the NGC may require. Substantially all of our material loans, leases, sales of securities and similar financing transactions must be reported to, and/or approved by, the NGC. All pledges of equity in MGNV, LLC or Holdings, and any action by a lender to foreclose upon such pledges, must be approved in advance by the NGC. 
 The NGC may, in its discretion, require the owner of any debt or similar securities of a registered public company, to file applications, be investigated and be found suitable to own the debt or other securities of the registered company if the NGC has reason to believe that such ownership would otherwise be inconsistent with Nevada's declared public policies. If the NGC decides that a person is unsuitable to own the securities, then under the Nevada Act, the registered public company can be sanctioned, including the loss of its approvals if, without the prior approval of the NGC, it continues to have any financial or economic arrangements with that person or recognizes any voting right of that person in connection with the securities. 
 We may not make a public offering of debt without the prior approval of the NGC if the proceeds from the offering are intended to be used to construct, acquire or finance gaming facilities in Nevada, or to retire or extend obligations incurred for those purposes or for similar transactions. 
 License fees and taxes, computed in various ways depending on the type of gaming or activity involved, are payable to the State of Nevada and to the counties and cities in which the licensed subsidiaries' respective operations are conducted. Depending upon the particular fee or tax involved, these fees and taxes are payable monthly, quarterly or annually and are based upon a percentage of the gross revenue received; the number of gaming devices operated; or the number of table games operated. A live entertainment tax also is imposed on admission charges where live entertainment is furnished. 
 As a condition of our status as a registered public company we are required to maintain a gaming compliance committee for the purpose of, at a minimum, performing due diligence, determining the suitability of relationships with other entities and individuals, and to review and ensure our compliance, and the compliance of our subsidiaries and any affiliated entities, with the gaming laws of Nevada and the other jurisdictions in which they operate. Because we are involved in gaming ventures outside of Nevada, we are required to deposit with the NGCB, and thereafter maintain, a revolving fund in the amount of 50,000 to pay the expenses of investigation of the NGCB of our participation in such foreign gaming. The revolving fund is subject to increase or decrease at the discretion of the NGC. Thereafter, we are also required to comply with certain reporting requirements imposed by the Nevada Act. A licensee or registrant is also subject to disciplinary action by the NGC in the event of misconduct in its gaming ventures outside of Nevada. 
 The conduct of gaming activities and the service and sale of alcoholic beverages at Mohegan Sun Las Vegas are subject to licensing, control and regulation by the CCLGLB, which has granted MGNV, LLC, its landlord and certain of its co-tenants licenses for such purposes. In addition to approving MGNV, LLC, the CCLGLB has the authority to approve all persons owning or controlling the equity of any entity controlling a gaming license. Certain of our officers, management board members and key employees have been or may be required to file applications with the CCLGLB. Clark County gaming and liquor licenses are not transferable. The County has full power to limit, condition, suspend or revoke any license. Any disciplinary action could, and revocation would, have a substantial negative impact on our operations. 

12 

Human Capital 
 The competitive advantage that differentiates us is rooted in the Spirit of Aquai, a long-standing tradition of the Mohegan Tribe. This centuries-old guiding philosophy infuses our everyday lives with four key principles that truly define who we are and how we treat each other - welcoming, mutual respect, cooperation and building relationships. Living by these principles and always striving to adhere to our core values, we have created a unique culture built on traditional principles in sync with modern values. The Spirit of Aquai lays the foundation for special relationships among our employees and guests, and it is the bedrock of our human capital strategy. Delivering premier gaming and entertainment experiences across the United States and Canada, along with targeted expansion into Asia, our human capital is the central reason for our long-term success. We are also committed to the theory of the Service Profit Chain, which suggests that taking care of employees leads to employees taking care of guests, and, accordingly, results in a more profitable business. 
 We aim to attract, retain and develop diverse and high quality talent who can emulate the Spirit of Aquai. To support these objectives, we have designed human resources programs to: 
 Enhance the company culture through employee experiences, policies and practices aimed at making the workplace healthy, diverse and inclusive; 
 Align leader and team member behaviors to our purpose, deliver exceptional guest experiences and drive business success; 
 Facilitate talent acquisition and mobility to create a high-performing and diverse workforce; 
 Reward employees through fair, equitable and competitive pay and benefits; 
 Develop employees at all levels through effective learning strategies focused on new skills required to support operational excellence and the ever-evolving marketplace; and 
 Evolve and invest in technology and other resources that enable employees to work more effectively. 
 
 Overall Statistics 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had approximately 9,580 employees comprised of approximately 70 full-time employees and 30 seasonal, part-time, and on-call employees. The approximate number of employees by location was as follows: (i) Mohegan Sun: 4,850, (ii) Mohegan Sun Pocono: 780, (iii) the MGE Niagara Resorts: 3,450, (iv) Mohegan Sun Las Vegas: 320 and (v) corporate and other: 180. 
 Certain employees at Mohegan Sun Pocono are represented under collective bargaining agreements between Downs Racing and either the International Union of Operating Engineers Local Union 542C or Teamsters Local No. 401. The agreement with the International Union of Operating Engineers Local Union 542C expires on March 31, 2023 and relates to equipment and heavy equipment operators. The agreement with Teamsters Local No. 401 expires on January 31, 2022 and relates to truck drivers and maintenance employees. 
 Certain employees at the MGE Niagara Resorts are represented under a collective bargaining agreement between Unifor Canada and Complex Services Inc. (d/b/a Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort and Casino Niagara). This agreement expires on March 31, 2023 and relates to employees classified as security officers. 
 Certain employees at Mohegan Sun Las Vegas are represented under collective bargaining agreements between MGNV, LLC (d/b/a Mohegan Sun Casino Las Vegas) and the International Union of Operating Engineers Local No. 501 or the Local Joint Executive Board of Las Vegas (composed of Culinary Workers Union Local 226 and Bartenders Union Local 165). The agreement with the International Union of Operating Engineers Local No. 501 is in full force and effect from year to year, subject to the agreement s conditions of renewal. The agreement with the Local Joint Executive Board of Las Vegas (composed of Culinary Workers Union Local 226 and Bartenders Union Local 165) expires on May 31, 2023. 
 We have experienced no material business interruptions due to disputes with our employees. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We believe that a diverse and inclusive workforce produces better overall decision-making for employees and guests, which benefits our overall organization. In hiring decisions, we seek appropriate skills, as well as diversity of the team and candidate, to ensure that we are including an appropriate mix of race, gender and other factors in hiring, promoting and succession planning decisions. Ongoing diversity and inclusion initiatives from committees to training and communication campaigns build awareness of the rich diversity of our team members and guests. We also sponsor a vocational inclusion program for individuals with disabilities or other disadvantages. Since 2012, over 550 individuals have participated in this program and approximately 85 of graduates have successfully been hired by Mohegan Sun. 
 
 13 

We have received multiple forms of recognition for our employment practices. Awards include: 
 2021 Enduring Equity and Inclusion Employer - Viability 
 2020 Best-In-State Employer - Forbes/Statista 
 Canada Best Employers 2019 - Forbes/Statista 
 Top 10 in Best Workplaces for Diversity 2019 - Fortune Magazine 
 Employer of the Year 2019 - Viability 
 Top Employer Hamilton/Niagara 2020 (10 th consecutive year) 
 2019 Business that Gives Back Award GNCC - Women in Business Award 
 A diverse and inclusive vendor base is also important in meeting our diversity and inclusion goals. Therefore, we have implemented initiatives to track the diversity of vendors and support inclusion of vendors with minority or female ownership through preferred vendor lists. 
 
 Talent Acquisition, Development and Retention 
 Hiring, developing and retaining employees is critical to the success of our business. We focus on creating experiences and programs that attract new hires and foster growth, performance and retention. Pursuant to the Tribal Employment Rights Ordinance, when recruiting and hiring personnel, except key personnel, our Connecticut operations are obligated to give first preference to qualified members of the Mohegan Tribe and, then, to enrolled members of other Indian tribes. 
 Creating opportunities to help employees grow and build their careers is also a priority to us. We sponsor numerous trainings, apprenticeships and development programs to enhance leadership and managerial capability, expand skill sets, drive guest satisfaction and support the Spirit of Aquai. Our corporate office also offers development courses on various topics, such as reading financial statements and the basics of contracts, to expand our employees knowledge base. In addition, succession planning at all of our locations has been completed to identify talent risk, gaps and high potential employees for development. 
 
 Compensation, Benefits, Safety and Wellness 
 We offer fair, equitable and competitive salaries and wages, as well as comprehensive health and retirement benefits to eligible full-time and part-time employees. Our core health benefits are supplemented with discount programs for health-related goods and services, a variety of voluntary benefits and paid time-off programs. We have also partnered with Yale New Haven Health to provide medical treatment for our employees at our Connecticut location at low out-of-pocket costs, provide both an on-site pharmacy and a fitness center and offer employees access to health and nutritional counselors free of charge. In addition, we provide low cost telehealth services, as well as free mental and behavioral health resources, including on-demand access to an employee assistance program for employees and their dependents. We also offer mental, physical and financial wellness workshops to help employees better manage stress and anxiety. 
 In collaboration with the Mohegan Tribe Safety Department, we use a proactive approach to manage workplace safety and health based on incident management, inspections, job safety analysis and safety meetings. This approach has led to a significant decline in incidents at our Connecticut location. We also provide training in emergency evacuation, active shooter, blood borne pathogens, hazard communications and back safety. 
 
 Technology and Other Resources 
 We offer and maintain various applications and systems to communicate with and engage our employees. There are also email notifications to keep employees abreast of our daily operations, as well as various other resources to enable employees to stay connected and enhance guest experiences. 
 
 14 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 In connection with the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, set forth below are cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us, whether oral or written. We wish to ensure that any forward-looking statements are accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements in order to maximize to the fullest extent possible the protections of the safe harbor established in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Accordingly, any such statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to, and are accompanied by, the following important factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Refer also to Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements on page 1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 We currently have and will continue to have a substantial amount of indebtedness. As of September 30, 2021, our debt totaled approximately 2 billion. 
 Our substantial indebtedness could have significant adverse effects on our business. Such adverse effects could include, without limitation, the following: 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt service obligations; 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry and competitive conditions; 
 requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations towards debt repayment, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures and other general operating requirements; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the gaming industry, which may place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors with stronger liquidity positions, thereby negatively affecting our results of operations and ability to meet our financial obligations; 
 restricting us from exploring or taking advantage of business opportunities; 
 placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with less indebtedness; and 
 limiting, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants of our outstanding indebtedness, our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy or other general operating requirements on satisfactory terms or at all. 
 In addition, our senior secured credit facilities and the indentures governing our existing notes contain, and the agreements evidencing or governing other future indebtedness may contain, restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our best interests. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of the required repayment of some or all of our indebtedness. 
 On July 27, 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that it intends to stop requiring banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021. As a result, LIBOR will be discontinued after 2021 and contracts and hedging relationships that use LIBOR as a reference rate will have to be modified to allow for an alternative benchmark rate. Although our senior secured credit facilities provide for application of successor rates based on prevailing market conditions, it is not currently possible to predict the effect of any establishment of alternative reference rates or any other reforms to LIBOR that may be enacted in the United Kingdom or elsewhere. 
 We, the Mohegan Tribe and our wholly-owned subsidiaries may not be subject to federal bankruptcy laws, which could impair the ability of creditors to participate in the realization on our or our subsidiaries' assets or the restructuring of related liabilities if we are unwilling or unable to meet our debt service obligations. 
 We, the Mohegan Tribe and our wholly-owned subsidiaries that are tribal entities may or may not be subject to, or permitted to seek protection under, federal bankruptcy laws since an Indian tribe and we, as an instrumentality of the Mohegan Tribe, may or may not be eligible to be a debtor under the United States Bankruptcy Code. Therefore, our creditors may not be able to seek liquidation of our or any of the other tribal entities' assets or other action under federal bankruptcy laws. Also, the Mohegan Tribe s Constitution and laws have established a special court which is vested with exclusive jurisdiction, in the absence of a contractual agreement otherwise, over all disputes related to gaming and associated facilities on tribal lands, including appeals from certain final administrative agency decisions, known as the Gaming Disputes Court. The Gaming Disputes Court may lack powers typically associated with a federal bankruptcy court, such as the power to non-consensually alter liabilities, direct the priority of creditors' claims and liquidate certain assets. The Gaming Disputes Court is a court of limited jurisdiction and may not have jurisdiction over all creditors of ours or our subsidiaries or over all of the territories in which we and our subsidiaries carry on business. 
 15 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 The effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations has had a material adverse impact on our businesses, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, and we expect that it will continue to do so. 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a global pandemic and the United States federal government declared it a national emergency. The spread of COVID-19 has affected most segments of the global economy, including our operations. In March 2020, we temporarily suspended operations at our North American owned, operated and managed properties to ensure the health and safety of our employees, guests and the surrounding communities in which we operate, consistent with directives from various government bodies. COVID-19 has had a significant impact on our operations, the full extent of which depends on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. Such developments include the duration of COVID-19 or the extent of any resurgence or variants of COVID-19, the manner in which our guests, suppliers and other third parties respond to COVID-19, including the perception of safety and health measures taken by us, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain or treat it, as well as general economic conditions and consumer confidence. Accordingly, we cannot reasonably estimate the extent to which COVID-19 will further impact our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our business is subject to extensive governmental gaming regulation by multiple governmental and tribal authorities. Changes to the regulatory regime governing our business, our inability to renew or obtain new contracts governing our existing gaming operations or our inability to obtain new casino licenses could adversely affect us. 
 Our gaming operations are highly regulated. Changes in applicable laws and regulations could limit or materially affect the types of gaming that may be conducted, or services provided, by us and the revenues realized therefrom. 
 With respect to our operations on the Mohegan Tribe's reservation, we are subject to extensive regulations by federal, state and tribal regulatory agencies, including the NIGC and agencies of the State of Connecticut, such as the Department of Consumer Protection's Gaming Division and Division of Liquor Control and the State Police. Currently, gaming on Indian tribal lands is subject to IGRA. Legislation has been introduced in Congress from time to time with the intent of modifying a variety of perceived deficiencies with IGRA or the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934 under which land can be acquired for tribes for various purposes, including gaming. Certain proposals that have been considered would be prospective in effect and contain clauses that would grandfather existing Indian tribal gaming operations such as Mohegan Sun. However, legislation has also been proposed from time to time which would have the effect of repealing many of the key provisions of IGRA and prohibiting the continued operation of particular classes of gaming on Indian tribal reservations in states where such gaming is not otherwise allowed on a commercial basis. While none of the substantive proposed amendments to IGRA have been enacted, we cannot predict the effects of future legislative acts. In the event that Congress passes prohibitory legislation that does not include any grandfathering exemption for existing Indian tribal gaming operations, and if such legislation is sustained in the courts against tribal challenge, our ability to meet our financial obligations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 In addition, under federal law, gaming on Indian tribal lands is dependent on the permissibility under state law of specific forms of gaming or similar activities, and gaming at Mohegan Sun is dependent on the tribal-state compact between the Mohegan Tribe and the State of Connecticut, as amended. iGaming by Mohegan Digital outside of tribal lands in Connecticut is dependent on recent state gaming legislation and regulations in Connecticut. Adverse decisions or legal actions with respect to gaming legislation, regulations, or the Mohegan Compact may have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct our gaming operations. 
 Our operations at Mohegan Sun Pocono are subject to subject to extensive state regulation by the PGCB, the PSHRC and other state regulatory agencies, such as the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board. Applicable rules and regulations may require that we obtain and periodically renew a variety of licenses, registrations, permits and approvals to conduct our operations. Regulatory agencies may, for any reason set forth in the applicable legislation, rules and regulations, limit, condition, suspend, deny or revoke our license to conduct our operations in Pennsylvania as intended. The sale of alcoholic beverages at our properties is subject to licensing, control and regulation by state and local agencies in Pennsylvania, including the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board. The liquor agencies have broad powers to limit, condition, suspend or revoke any liquor license. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to continually renew all registrations, permits, approvals or licenses necessary to conduct our operations in Pennsylvania as intended. Any of these events, including any disciplinary action with respect to our liquor license, or any changes in applicable laws or regulations or the enforcement thereof, could, and any failure to renew or revocation of our liquor license would, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in applicable laws or regulations, including statutory changes, tax rates and the implementation or enforcement of applicable laws and regulations could limit or materially affect the types of gaming we may conduct, the services we may provide or the profitability of our operations at Mohegan Sun Pocono. Our ability to continue to operate and 
 16 

our ability to meet our financial obligations could be adversely affected by such legal or regulatory changes and their implementation. 
 With respect to our operations at the MGE Niagara Resorts, we are regulated by both national and provincial authorities. The Criminal Code of Canada mandates that dice games and games operated on or through a computer, video device or slot machine may only be conducted through and managed by provincial governments, and, as a licensed service provider we must provide gaming-related services in accordance with applicable provincial laws and regulations. Gaming in Ontario, where the MGE Niagara Resorts are located, is highly regulated. The OLG is empowered to conduct and manage gaming in Ontario and has the power and authority to oversee and/or regulate the gaming industry. 
 In other jurisdictions where we operate, own, or manage gaming facilities or have facilities under development, we are similarly subject to applicable laws and regulations whose implementation or enforcement could limit or materially affect the types of gaming we may conduct, the services we may provide or the profitability of our operations. 
 If we are not able to compete successfully with existing and future competitors, we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows from our operations to fulfill our financial obligations. 
 The gaming industry is highly competitive for both customers and employees, including those at the management level. We compete with numerous casinos and hotel casinos of varying quality and size in market areas where our properties are located. We also compete with other non-gaming resorts and vacation destinations, and with various other casino and other entertainment businesses, including iGaming websites, and could compete with any new forms of gaming that may be legalized in the future. The casino entertainment business is characterized by competitors that vary considerably in their size, quality of facilities, number of operations, brand identities, marketing and growth strategies, financial strength and capabilities, level of amenities, management talent and geographic diversity. In most markets, we compete directly with other casino facilities operating in the immediate and surrounding market areas. In some markets, we face competition from nearby markets in addition to direct competition within our market areas. Also, our business may be adversely impacted by the additional gaming and room capacity in places where we operate or intend to operate. 
 With fewer other new markets opening for development, competition in existing markets has intensified in recent years. We and our competitors have invested in expanding existing facilities, developing new facilities, and acquiring established facilities in existing markets. Competition may intensify if our competitors commit additional resources to aggressive pricing and promotional activities in order to attract customers. 
 In addition, we also compete to some extent with other forms of gaming on both a local and national level, including state-sponsored lotteries, charitable gaming, video gaming terminals at bars, restaurants, taverns and truck stops, on-and off-track wagering, and other forms of entertainment, including motion pictures, sporting events and other recreational activities. It is possible that these secondary competitors could reduce the number of visitors to our facilities or the amount they are willing to wager, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue or maintain our profitability and cash flows. 
 If our competitors operate more successfully than we do, if they attract customers away from us as a result of aggressive pricing and promotion, if they are more successful than us in attracting and retaining employees, if their properties are enhanced or expanded, if they operate in jurisdictions that give them operating advantages due to differences or changes in gaming regulations or taxes, or if additional hotels and casinos are established in and around the locations in which we conduct business, we may lose market share or the ability to attract or retain employees. In particular, the expansion of casino gaming in or near any geographic area from which we attract or expect to attract a significant number of our customers could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, increased competition may require us to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain and enhance the competitive positions of our properties, including updating slot machines to reflect changing technology, refurbishing public service areas periodically, replacing obsolete equipment on an ongoing basis and making other expenditures to increase the attractiveness and add to the appeal of our facilities. Because we are highly leveraged, after satisfying our obligations under our outstanding indebtedness, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient funds to undertake these expenditures or that we will be able to obtain sufficient financing to fund such expenditures. If we are unable to make such expenditures, our competitive position could be materially adversely affected. 
 The gaming industry in the Northeastern United States and Niagara Falls, Canada has experienced seasonal fluctuations in the past and, as such, we may also experience seasonal variations in our revenues and operating results that could adversely affect our cash flows. 
 The gaming industry in the Northeastern United States and Niagara Falls, Canada is seasonal in nature, with peak gaming activities often occurring during the months of May through August. Similarly, peak gaming activities at Mohegan Sun, 
 17 

Mohegan Sun Pocono and the MGE Niagara Resorts often occur during the months of May through August. As a result of these seasonal fluctuations, we will likely continue to experience seasonal variations in our quarterly revenues and operating results that could result in decreased cash flows during periods in which gaming activity is not at peak levels. These variations in quarterly revenues and operating results could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Negative conditions affecting the lodging industry may have an adverse effect on our revenues and cash flows. 
 We depend on revenues generated from hotels at our various properties, together with revenues generated from other portions of the facility, to meet our financial obligations and fund our operations. Revenues generated from our hotels are primarily subject to conditions affecting our gaming operations, but are also subject to the lodging industry in general, and as a result, our financial performance and cash flows may be affected not only by the conditions in the gaming industry, but also by those in the lodging industry. Some of these conditions are as follows: 
 changes in the local, regional or national economic climate, including economic recessions; 
 changes in local conditions such as an oversupply of hotel properties; 
 decreases in the level of demand for hotel rooms and related services; 
 the attractiveness of our hotels to patrons and competition from comparable hotels; 
 cyclical over-building in the hotel industry; 
 changes in travel patterns; 
 public health concerns affecting public accommodations or travel generally or regionally; 
 changes in room rates and increases in operating costs due to inflation and other factors; and 
 the periodic need to repair and renovate our hotels. 
 There are significant risks associated with our construction projects, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We have previously announced our integrated resort and casino project, called Project Inspire, which is under construction at Incheon International Airport in South Korea. This development project and any other construction projects, including renovations to existing facilities we undertake, will entail significant risks. 
 Construction activity requires us to obtain qualified contractors and subcontractors, the availability of which may be uncertain. Construction projects are subject to cost overruns and delays caused by events outside of our control or, in certain cases, our contractors control, such as shortages of materials or skilled labor, unforeseen engineering, environmental and/or geological problems, work stoppages, weather interference, unanticipated cost increases and unavailability of construction materials or equipment, fire, flood and other natural disasters. Construction, equipment or staffing problems or difficulties in obtaining any of the requisite materials, licenses, permits, allocations and authorizations from governmental or regulatory authorities could increase the total cost, delay, jeopardize, prevent the construction or opening of our projects, or otherwise affect the design and features. Construction contractors or counterparties for our projects may be required to bear certain cost overruns for which they are contractually liable, and if such counterparties are unable to meet their obligations, we may incur increased costs for such developments. In addition, the location of projects like Project Inspire, including other projects which we may pursue throughout the world, present unique challenges and risks to manage and execute. If our management is unable to manage successfully such international construction projects, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 The anticipated costs and completion dates for our current projects are based on budgets, designs, development and construction documents and schedule estimates are prepared with the assistance of architects and other construction development consultants and are subject to change as the design, development and construction documents are finalized and as actual construction work is performed. A failure to complete our projects on budget or on schedule may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Furthermore, while construction activities may be planned to minimize disruption, construction noise and debris and the temporary closing of some of the facility, such activities may disrupt our current operations. Unexpected construction delays could exacerbate or magnify these disruptions. We can provide no assurance that any construction, renovation or expansion projects will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We may suspend or elect not to proceed with construction, renovation or expansion projects once they have been undertaken, resulting in charges that could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 We may suspend, elect not to proceed with or fail to complete our construction, renovation or expansion projects once they have been undertaken. In such cases, we may be required to carry assets on our balance sheet for suspended projects or 
 18 

incur significant costs relating to design and construction work performed and materials purchased that may no longer be useful. In addition, our agreements or arrangements with third parties relating to the suspension or termination of such projects could cause us to incur additional fees and costs. The suspension of, election not to proceed with, or failure to complete any construction, renovation or expansion projects may result in adverse effects to our financial condition. 
 The risks associated with operating expanded facilities and managing growth could have a material adverse effect on our future performance. 
 We may expand our facilities from time to time. We can provide no assurance that we will be successful in integrating the new amenities from such expansions into our current operations or in managing the expanded facility. Failure to successfully integrate and manage new services and amenities could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our ability to meet our financial obligations. 
 A person or entity's ability to enforce its rights against us is limited by our sovereign immunity and that of the Mohegan Tribe, Mohegan Basketball Club, LLC, Mohegan Golf, LLC, Mohegan Ventures-Northwest, LLC, Mohegan Expo Center, LLC, Mohegan Digital, LLC, Mohegan Digital Services, LLC, MGNV Holding, LLC and MGNV, LLC and, to the extent applicable, the Pocono subsidiaries. 
 Although we, the Mohegan Tribe, Mohegan Basketball Club, LLC, Mohegan Golf, LLC, Mohegan Ventures-Northwest, LLC, Mohegan Expo Center, LLC, Mohegan Digital, LLC, Mohegan Digital Services, LLC, MGNV Holding, LLC and MGNV, LLC and, to the extent applicable, the Pocono subsidiaries, or collectively, the tribal entities, each have sovereign immunity and generally may not be sued without our and their respective consents, a limited waiver of sovereign immunity and consent to suit has been granted in connection with substantially all of our outstanding indebtedness. Each such waiver includes suits against us to enforce our obligation to repay certain outstanding indebtedness. Generally, duly authorized express waivers of sovereign immunity have been held to be enforceable against Indian tribes. In the event that any waiver of sovereign immunity is held to be ineffective, a claimant could be precluded from judicially enforcing its rights and remedies. With limited exceptions, the tribal entities have not waived sovereign immunity for claims under federal or state securities laws and therefore a claimant may not have any remedy based on such claims. 
 
 Where an entity that enjoys tribal sovereign immunity has waived its immunity and consented to suit in federal and/or state court, disputes may be brought in a federal or state court that has jurisdiction over the matter. However, federal courts may not exercise jurisdiction over disputes not arising under federal law or between litigants that are not citizens of different states, and some courts have ruled that an Indian tribe is not a citizen of any state. The extent to which state courts will assume jurisdiction over disputes involving Indian tribes varies from state to state. In addition, the Mohegan Tribe's Constitution has established a special court, the Gaming Disputes Court, to rule on disputes with respect to Mohegan Sun. The federal and state courts, under the doctrines of comity and exhaustion of tribal remedies, may (i) defer to the jurisdiction of the Gaming Disputes Court or (ii) require that any plaintiff exhaust its remedies in the Gaming Disputes Court before bringing any action in federal or state court. Thus, there may be no available federal or state court forum for adjudication of a dispute with an entity that enjoys tribal sovereign immunity. 
 The limited waiver of sovereign immunity that has been granted in connection with our outstanding indebtedness additionally provides that in the event that none of the specified federal or state courts accept or exercise jurisdiction over a dispute, claims may be brought in arbitration proceedings with enforcement of arbitration awards in courts of competent jurisdiction. Such a dispute would not be decided by a judge, but by an arbitrator appointed in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association. The scope of a party s ability to conduct discovery with respect to such a dispute, and the time in which the party is permitted to do so, are more limited than in a judicial proceeding. If any party does not prevail in a dispute before an arbitrator, that party s ability to appeal the arbitrator s decision will be limited. Federal and state courts typically are required to enforce a proper arbitration award without a re-examination of the merits of the decision. Enforcement of arbitration awards in the Gaming Disputes Court may not be subject to the same limitations on such re-examination. 
 If an event of default occurs in connection with our indebtedness, no assurance can be given that a forum will be available to creditors other than arbitration with enforcement of arbitration awards in the Gaming Disputes Court. In such court, there are presently limited precedents for the interpretation of tribal law with respect to insolvency. Any execution of a judgment of the Gaming Disputes Court or any other court on tribal lands will require the cooperation of the Mohegan Tribe's officials in the exercise of their police powers. Thus, to the extent that a judgment of the Gaming Disputes Court must be executed on tribal lands, the practical realization of any benefit of such a judgment will be dependent upon the willingness and ability of tribal officials to carry out such judgment. In addition, the land on which Mohegan Sun is located is owned by the United States in trust for the Mohegan Tribe, and our creditors and the creditors of the Mohegan Tribe may not foreclose upon or obtain title to the land. Additionally, although we do not presently hold any material fee interest in real property, if we did in 
 19 

the future, federal law may not allow for real property interest to be mortgaged or, if mortgaged, transferred as a result of foreclosure. 
 Any rights as a creditor are limited to our assets and those of our guarantor subsidiaries. 
 Any rights as a creditor in a bankruptcy, if applicable, liquidation or reorganization or similar proceeding would be limited to our assets and the assets of our guarantor subsidiaries, and would not encompass the assets of any other subsidiary that is not a guarantor, the Mohegan Tribe or its other affiliates. 
 Our failure to generate sufficient cash flows and current and future economic and credit market conditions could adversely affect our ability to fulfill our debt service obligations or refinance our indebtedness. 
 Our ability to generate cash flows is subject to financial, economic, political, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or if future borrowings are not available to us, we may be unable to meet our debt service obligations with respect to our outstanding indebtedness. In addition, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional debt for refinancing or to fund our growth, or that financing options available, if any, will be on favorable or acceptable terms. 
 Restrictions contained in our senior secured credit facilities and the indentures to which we are a party may impose limits on our ability to pursue our business interests. 
 Our senior secured credit facilities and the indentures to which we are a party contain customary operating and financial restrictions that limit our discretion on various business matters. These restrictions include, among other things, covenants limiting our ability to: 
 incur additional indebtedness; 
 pay dividends or make other distributions; 
 make certain investments; 
 use assets as security in other transactions; 
 sell certain assets or merge with or into another person; 
 grant liens; 
 make capital expenditures; and 
 enter into transactions with affiliates. 
 These restrictions may, among other things, reduce our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the gaming industry in general and thereby may negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and our ability to meet our financial obligations. 
 Our senior secured credit facilities require us to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio and not to exceed certain ratios of total leverage and secured leverage. If these ratios are not maintained or are exceeded, as applicable, it may not be possible for us to borrow additional funds to meet our financial obligations. Additionally, our failure to comply with covenants in our senior secured credit facilities, including the fixed charge coverage and leverage ratios described above, could result in an event of default under the senior secured credit facilities, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on us and could result in the acceleration of required repayments of some or all of then-outstanding debt thereunder and an inability to make debt service payments. However, we can provide no assurance that we would be able to obtain such waivers. 
 In addition, our indentures place certain limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness. Under these indentures, we are generally able to incur indebtedness that otherwise may be restricted, provided we meet a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, as defined. If we were to fall below the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, our ability to incur additional indebtedness could be limited and subject to other applicable exceptions contained in the indentures, and the options available to us to refinance our existing indebtedness could be restricted. 
 Additionally, our failure to comply with covenants in our debt instruments could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on us and could result in the acceleration of required repayments of some or all of then-outstanding debt and an inability to make debt service payments. 
 A change in our current tax-exempt status, and that of our subsidiaries, could reduce our cash flows and have a material adverse effect on our operations and our ability to meet our financial obligations. 
 Based on current interpretation of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, we, the Mohegan Tribe and certain of our subsidiaries are not subject to United States federal income taxes. However, we can provide no assurance that Congress or the Internal Revenue Service will not reverse or modify the exemption for Indian tribes from United States federal income taxation. A change in the tax law could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 20 

Weakness or downturn in the United States or Canadian economies could negatively impact our financial performance. 
 During periods of economic contraction, our revenues may decrease while some of our costs remain fixed, resulting in decreased earnings since gaming and other leisure activities that we offer are discretionary expenditures and participation in such activities may decline during economic downturns because consumers have less disposable income. Even an uncertain economic outlook may adversely affect consumer spending in our gaming operations and related facilities, because consumers spend less in anticipation of a potential economic downturn. 
 Economic recessions negatively impact consumer confidence and the amount of consumer spending. Economic conditions such as a prolonged regional, national or global economic downturn or slow growth, including periods of increased inflation, rising unemployment levels, tax rates, interest rates, energy and gasoline prices or declining consumer confidence could also reduce consumer spending. Reduced consumer spending has resulted and may continue to result in an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. Furthermore, uncertainty and adverse changes in the economy could also increase the cost and reduce the availability of sources of financing, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. If adverse economic conditions continue or worsen, our business, assets, financial condition and results of operations could continue to be affected adversely. 
 Our diversification efforts may not be successful. 
 We receive and evaluate various opportunities to diversify our business interests. These opportunities primarily include the development and/or management of, investment in, or ownership of other gaming or other entertainment enterprises through direct investments, acquisitions, joint venture arrangements and loan transactions. In addition to the opportunities we are currently pursuing, we are evaluating other opportunities in various jurisdictions. These efforts may require various levels of regulatory or legislative approval, and may require the commitment of financial and capital resources, and a failure to achieve any such approval or to obtain or generate sufficient funds to meet such financial or capital requirements may result in the termination of the respective project. In addition, our diversification initiatives may not generate the expected (or any) returns on our investments. Additionally, there can be no assurance that we will continue to pursue any of the diversification initiatives we are pursuing or evaluating, or that any of them will be consummated. 
 The non-impairment provision of the Mohegan Tribe's Constitution is subject to change. 
 Unlike states, the Mohegan Tribe is not subject to the United States Constitution's provision restricting governmental impairment of contracts. The Mohegan Tribe's Constitution currently has a provision that prohibits the Mohegan Tribe from enacting any law that would impair the obligations of contracts entered into in furtherance of the development, construction, operation and promotion of gaming on tribal lands. However, this provision could be amended by a vote of 75 of the Mohegan Tribe's registered voters to rescind the restriction on impairment of the obligation of such contracts. 
 We and the Guarantors are controlled by a tribal government and may not necessarily be operated in the same way as if we and they were privately owned for-profit businesses. 
 We and the guarantors are subject to control by the Mohegan Tribe. Our Management Board is comprised of the same nine members as the Mohegan Tribal Council, the governing body of the Mohegan Tribe with legislative and executive authority. As a sovereign government, the Mohegan Tribe is governed by officials elected by tribal members who have a responsibility for the general welfare of all members of the Mohegan Tribe. In making decisions relative to us and the guarantors, these officials may consider the interests of their electorate, instead of pure economic or other business factors. 
 We may be subject to material environmental liability, including as a result of possible incomplete remediation of known environmental hazards and the existence of unknown environmental hazards. 
 Our properties and operations are subject to a wide range of federal, state, local and tribal environmental laws and regulations governing, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, the use, management and disposal of, or exposure to, hazardous and non-hazardous materials and wastes, and the clean-up of contamination. Noncompliance with such laws and regulations, and past or future activities resulting in environmental releases, could affect our operations or could cause us to incur substantial costs, including clean-up costs, fines and penalties, or investments to retrofit or upgrade our facilities and programs. In addition, should unknown contamination be discovered on our properties, or should a release of hazardous material occur on our properties, we could be required to investigate and clean up the contamination and could also be held responsible to a governmental entity or third parties for personal injury, property damage or investigation and cleanup costs, which may be substantial. Moreover, such contamination may also impair the use or value of the affected property. Liability for contamination could be joint and several in nature, and in many instances can be imposed on the owner or operator of property regardless of whether it is responsible for creating the contamination or is otherwise at fault. 
 21 

At both our Mohegan Sun and Mohegan Sun Pocono properties, investigations and remedial actions have been successfully undertaken to address significant site contamination resulting from historical operations. The site on which Mohegan Sun is located was formerly occupied by United Nuclear Corporation, a naval products manufacturer of, among other things, nuclear reactor fuel components. Prior to the decommissioning of the United Nuclear Corporation facilities on the site, extensive investigations were completed and contaminated soils were remediated to applicable standards. Prior to us taking possession of the property and the development of Mohegan Sun, the site was determined to be safe for general public use. In addition, prior to acquiring Mohegan Sun Pocono, we conducted an extensive environmental investigation of the Pocono facilities. During the course of that investigation, we identified several environmental conditions that required corrective actions to bring the property into compliance with applicable laws and regulations. These remedial actions, including an ongoing monitoring program for the portion of the property that was formerly used as a solid waste landfill, were addressed as part of a comprehensive plan that was fully implemented by Downs Racing by July 2008. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, we can provide no assurance that: 
 any environmental reports or studies prepared with respect to these sites, or any other properties owned or operated by us, revealed all environmental liabilities; 
 prior owners or tenants did not create any material environmental condition not presently known to us that may be discovered in the future; 
 future laws, ordinances or regulations will not impose any material environmental liability with regard to existing conditions or operations; or 
 a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist on any site. 
 Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and ability to meet our financial obligations. 
 Our business could be affected by weather-related factors. 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by weather-related factors, such as hurricanes and blizzards and other unfavorable winter weather conditions. Such weather conditions may discourage potential patrons from traveling or may deter or prevent patrons from reaching our facilities. If this occurs, it could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and ability to meet our financial obligations. 
 Our table games business is subject to volatility which could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Table gaming, especially high-end table gaming, is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in table games hold percentage may have a positive or negative impact on our quarterly revenues and operating results. Negative variations in quarterly revenues and operating results could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Energy and fuel price increases may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Our properties use significant amounts of electricity, natural gas and other forms of energy. Increases in the cost of any of our sources of energy may negatively affect our results of operations. In addition, energy and fuel price increases could negatively impact our business and results of operations by making it difficult for potential patrons to travel to our properties or by causing patrons who do visit our properties to decrease their spending due to a reduction in disposable income. 
 Our information technology and other systems are subject to cyber security risks including misappropriation of patron information or other breaches of information security. 
 We rely upon sophisticated information technology networks, systems and infrastructure, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Additionally, we collect and store sensitive data, including proprietary business information. Despite security measures, our information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attack by hackers or breaches, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, systems failures, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. Likewise, data privacy or security breaches by employees and others with permitted access to our systems, including in some cases third parties to which we may outsource certain business functions, may pose a risk that sensitive data, including intellectual property or personal information, may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure could interfere with our operations, compromise information belonging to us and our patrons and suppliers, and expose us to liability which could adversely impact our business and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive information, which could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm. 

22 

An impairment of our intangible assets could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 In accordance with authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board pertaining to intangible assets, we assess our intangible assets at least annually for impairment by comparing their fair value to their carrying value. Fair value is estimated utilizing a discounted cash flow method. As of September 30, 2021, we assessed our intangible assets for impairment and determined that no impairment existed. The evaluation of intangible assets for impairment requires the use of estimates about future cash flows to determine the estimated fair value of the reporting unit. Such estimates are, by their nature, subjective. Actual results may differ materially from our estimates and could result in impairment charges in the future. In the event that the carrying value of our intangible assets exceeds their fair value in a future period, the intangible assets would be impaired and subject to a non-cash write-down, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the United States. 
 With the MGE Niagara Resorts, Project Inspire and other potential projects outside of the United States, we have operations outside of the United States that are subject to risks that are inherent in conducting business under non-United States laws, regulations and customs. In particular, the risks associated with the MGE Niagara Resorts, Project Inspire or other operations that we may engage in other foreign jurisdictions, include: 
 changes in laws and policies that govern operations of companies in Canada, South Korea or other foreign jurisdictions; 
 changes in non-United States government programs; 
 possible failure by our employees or agents to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions; 
 general economic conditions and policies in such jurisdictions, including restrictions on travel and currency movements; 
 difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing non-United States operations; 
 different labor regulations; 
 changes in environmental, health and safety laws; 
 outbreaks of diseases or epidemics; 
 potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws; 
 political instability and actual or anticipated military and political conflicts; 
 economic instability and inflation, recession or interest rate fluctuations; and 
 uncertainties regarding judicial systems and procedures. 
 
 Any of the above could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We are also exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. If the United States dollar strengthens in relation to the currencies of other countries, our United States dollar reported income from sources where revenue is denominated in the currencies of other such countries will decrease. 
 Any violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or any other similar anti-corruption laws could have a negative impact on us. 
 A portion of our revenue may be derived from operations outside the United States, which exposes us to complex United States and foreign regulations inherent in doing cross-border business and in each of the countries in which we transact business. We are subject to compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other similar anti-corruption laws, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. While our employees and agents are required to comply with these laws, w e can provide no assurance that our internal policies and procedures will always protect us from violations of these laws, despite our commitment to legal compliance and corporate ethics. Violations of these laws by us or our ventures may result in severe criminal and civil sanctions and other penalties against us, as the Securities and Exchange Commission and United States Department of Justice continue to vigorously pursue enforcement of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. The occurrence or allegation of any such violation may adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition and results of operations. 
 23 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 24 

Item 2. Properties. 
 Property Location Opening Year Casino Square Footage Slot Machines Table Games Hotel Rooms Food Beverage and Retail Outlets Primary Entertainment Venue (Seats) Owned Mohegan Sun Uncasville, CT 1996 300,000 3,850 235 1,560 76 10,000 Mohegan Sun Pocono Wilkes-Barre, PA 2006 95,000 1,700 65 240 15 1,500 Project Inspire (1) 
 Incheon, South Korea 2023 260,000 700 150 1,275 70 15,000 Operated/Managed Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort Niagara Falls, ON 2004 160,000 3,550 145 370 33 5,000 Casino Niagara Niagara Falls, ON 1996 70,000 1,450 45 N.A. 4 N.A. Mohegan Sun Casino Las Vegas 
 Las Vegas, NV 2021 60,000 600 45 1,500 22 4,500 ilani Casino Resort La Center, WA 2017 110,000 2,750 75 N.A. 15 2,550 Resorts Casino Hotel (2) 
 Atlantic City, NJ 1978 80,000 1,400 70 940 22 1,250 1,135,000 16,000 830 5,885 257 39,800 
 _________ 
 (1) Estimated. 
 (2) 10 ownership. 
 N.A. Not Applicable. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 As previously reported, in August 2019, a gaming operator in a neighboring state filed a lawsuit in federal court in the District of Columbia against the United States Department of the Interior, the Secretary of the Interior and other staff, challenging federal approvals of 2017 amendments to the Mohegan Compact and MOU and substantially similar agreements between the MPT and the State of Connecticut related to a casino project in East Windsor, Connecticut. The Mohegan Tribe, State of Connecticut and MPT subsequently intervened in that lawsuit. In June 2021, that case was voluntarily dismissed by the plaintiff. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 25 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 We have not issued or sold any equity securities. 

Item 6. Reserved. 

26 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with Item 1. Business and our consolidated financial statements and related notes beginning on page F-1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 For a discussion of our results of operations comparison for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2020. 
 Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a global pandemic and the United States federal government declared it a national emergency. The spread of COVID-19 has affected most segments of the global economy, including our operations. In March 2020, we temporarily suspended operations at our North American owned, operated and managed properties to ensure the health and safety of our employees, guests and the surrounding communities in which we operate, consistent with directives from various government bodies. Following these closures, we reopened our properties as follows: (i) ilani Casino Resort in May 2020, (ii) Mohegan Sun in June 2020, (iii) Mohegan Sun Pocono in June 2020, (iv) Resorts Casino Hotel in July 2020 and (v) the MGE Niagara Resorts in July 2021. Mohegan Sun Pocono was again temporarily closed from December 12, 2020, through January 3, 2021, due to a resurgence of COVID-19 at that time. In addition, the initial opening of Mohegan Sun Las Vegas was delayed until March 2021. 
 COVID-19 has had a significant impact on our operations, the full extent of which depends on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. Such developments include the following: 
 the duration of COVID-19 or the extent of any resurgence or variants of COVID-19; 
 the manner in which our guests, suppliers and other third parties respond to COVID-19, including the perception of safety and health measures taken by us; 
 new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain or treat it; 
 general economic conditions; and 
 consumer confidence. 
 Accordingly, we cannot reasonably estimate the extent to which COVID-19 will further impact our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We could experience other potential adverse impacts as a result of COVID-19, including, but not limited to, charges from further adjustments to the carrying value of its intangible assets, as well as other long-lived asset impairment charges. Actual results may differ materially from our current estimates as the scope of COVID-19 evolves, depending largely, but not exclusively, on the duration and extent of our business disruptions. 

27 

Results of Operations 
 Summary Operating Results 
 The following table summarizes our results on a segment basis (in thousands): 
 For the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, Variance Percentage Variance 2021 2020 2019 21 vs. 20 21 vs. 20 Net revenues: Mohegan Sun 816,376 715,674 992,043 100,702 14.1 Mohegan Sun Pocono 221,479 181,160 251,054 40,319 22.3 MGE Niagara Resorts 99,202 180,025 112,525 (80,823) (44.9) Management, development and other 70,009 37,189 33,349 32,820 88.3 All other 18,780 18,780 100.0 Corporate 3,247 741 1,001 2,506 338.2 Inter-segment (260) 173 (1,162) (433) N.M. Total 1,228,833 1,114,962 1,388,810 113,871 10.2 Income (loss) from operations: Mohegan Sun 202,311 128,449 156,276 73,862 57.5 Mohegan Sun Pocono (1) 32,534 (115,073) (5,253) 147,607 N.M. MGE Niagara Resorts (22,638) (24,676) 7,368 2,038 8.3 Management, development and other 17,162 1,585 1,152 15,577 982.8 All other (1,534) (1,534) (100.0) Corporate (43,358) (23,439) (22,161) (19,919) (85.0) Inter-segment (20) (63) (920) 43 68.3 Total 184,457 (33,217) 136,462 217,674 N.M. Net income loss attributable to Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority (1) 6,731 (162,155) (2,545) 168,886 N.M. 
 __________ 
 (1) Includes a 126.6 million impairment charge related to Mohegan Sun Pocono's intangible assets in fiscal 2020 and a 39.5 million impairment charge related to Mohegan Sun Pocono's goodwill in fiscal 2019. 
 N.M. - Not Meaningful. 
 The most significant factors and trends that impacted our operating and financial performance in fiscal 2021 were as follows: 
 a relatively full fiscal year of operations at most of our properties; 
 COVID-19 related capacity restrictions at our properties; 
 cost saving and expense management initiatives to mitigate the operating and financial impact of COVID-19; 
 higher management fees earned; 
 higher interest expense; and 
 an approximately 24 million non-operating loss on modification and early extinguishment of debt principally related to our January 2021 refinancing transactions. 
 The most significant factors and trends that impacted our operating and financial performance in fiscal 2020 were as follows: 
 the outbreak of COVID-19 and the resulting temporary closures of our properties; 
 cost saving and expense management initiatives to mitigate the operating and financial impact of COVID-19 
 the acquisition of the MGE Niagara Resorts 
 competitive gaming markets and 
 a 126.6 million impairment charge related to Mohegan Sun Pocono's intangible assets. 

28 

Mohegan Sun 
 Revenues 
 Net revenues increased 100.7 million, or 14.1 , to 816.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 715.7 million in the prior fiscal year. The growth in net revenues primarily resulted from increases in slot and table game revenues driven by higher overall gaming volumes, combined with higher hotel revenues reflecting increased occupancy from casino patrons and higher paying transient guests. These results benefited from a full fiscal year of operations at Mohegan Sun. Mohegan Sun temporarily closed, effective March 18, 2020, following the outbreak of COVID-19, and reopened to the public on June 1, 2020. Net revenues were negatively impacted by various COVID-19 related capacity restrictions at Mohegan Sun, most of which were fully removed on May 19, 2021. 
 Operating Costs and Expenses 
 Operating costs and expenses increased 26.9 million, or 4.6 , to 614.1 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 587.2 million in the prior fiscal year. This increase primarily reflected higher overall operating costs and expenses commensurate with the increase in net revenues, partially offset by various cost saving and expense management initiatives to mitigate the operating and financial impact of COVID-19. 
 Mohegan Sun Pocono 
 Revenues 
 Net revenues increased 40.3 million, or 22.2 , to 221.5 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 181.2 million in the prior fiscal year. The increase in net revenues was primarily driven by higher overall gaming revenues which benefited from a relatively full fiscal year of operations at Mohegan Sun Pocono. The increase in gaming revenues also reflected strong interactive gaming business. Mohegan Sun Pocono temporarily closed, effective March 18, 2020, following the outbreak of COVID-19, and reopened to the public on June 22, 2020. Mohegan Sun Pocono was again temporarily closed from December 12, 2020, through January 3, 2021, due to a resurgence of COVID-19 at that time. Net revenues were negatively impacted by various COVID-19 related capacity restrictions at Mohegan Sun Pocono, most of which were fully removed on May 31, 2021. 
 Operating Costs and Expenses 
 Operating costs and expenses decreased 107.3 million, or 36.2 , to 188.9 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 296.2 million in the prior fiscal year. This reduction primarily reflected the impact of a 126.6 million impairment charge related to Mohegan Sun Pocono s various gaming licenses that was recorded in the prior year, combined with various cost saving and expense management initiatives to mitigate the operating and financial impact of COVID-19. 
 MGE Niagara Resorts 
 Revenues 
 Net revenues decreased 80.8 million, or 44.9 , to 99.2 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 180.0 million in the prior fiscal year. These results reflect the temporary closure of the MGE Niagara Resorts, effective March 18, 2020, following the outbreak of COVID-19. The MGE Niagara Resorts reopened to the public on July 23, 2021 under various COVID-19 related capacity restrictions. 
 Operating Costs and Expenses 
 Operating costs and expenses decreased 82.9 million, or 40.5 , to 121.8 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 204.7 million in the prior fiscal year. These results reflect reduced overall operating costs and expenses due to the temporary closure of the MGE Niagara Resorts. 
 Management, Development and Other 
 Revenues 
 Net revenues increased 32.8 million, or 88.2 , to 70.0 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 37.2 million in the prior fiscal year. The increase in net revenues was due to higher management fees from ilani Casino Resort driven by strong performance at the property, combined with management fees earned in connection with our prior management agreement with Paragon Casino Resort. 

29 

Operating Costs and Expenses 
 Operating costs and expenses increased 17.2 million, or 48.3 , to 52.8 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 35.6 million in the prior fiscal year. The increase in operating costs and expenses was primarily driven by higher pre-opening costs and expenses related to Project Inspire, combined with higher payroll costs. 
 All Other 
 Revenues 
 Net revenues totaled 18.8 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. These results represent revenues generated by Mohegan Sun Las Vegas, which opened to the public on March 25, 2021. 
 Operating Costs and Expenses 
 Operating costs and expenses totaled 20.3 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. These results represent operating costs and expenses associated with Mohegan Sun Las Vegas. 
 Corporate 
 Revenues 
 Net revenues increased 2.5 million, or 357.1 , to 3.2 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 0.7 million in the prior fiscal year. The increase in net revenues was primarily driven by additional revenues generated by our construction group, which managed a construction project at Mohegan Sun on behalf of a third party. 
 Operating Costs and Expenses 
 Operating costs and expenses increased 22.4 million, or 92.6 , to 46.6 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 24.2 million in the prior fiscal year. This increase was primarily driven by a contract termination charge in connection with a change in our sports betting platform provider, combined with additional construction related expenses and higher payroll and consulting costs. 
 Other Expenses 
 Other expenses increased 48.0 million, or 35.4 , to 183.5 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 135.5 million in the prior fiscal year. This increase was primarily driven by higher interest expense, net of capitalized interest, combined with a loss on modification and early extinguishment of debt in connection with our January 2021 refinancing transactions. 
 Interest expense, net of capitalized interest increased 36.9 million, or 27.4 , to 171.8 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 134.9 million in the prior fiscal year. The increase in interest expense, net of capitalized interest was due to higher weighted average interest rate and weighted average outstanding debt, combined with the impact of the capitalization of interest related to Project Inspire in the prior fiscal year. Weighted average interest rate was 8.1 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 6.8 in the prior fiscal year. Weighted average outstanding debt was 2.12 billion for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 2.08 billion in the prior fiscal year. 
 On January 26, 2021, we completed a series of refinancing transactions, including (i) the entry into a new senior secured credit facility (the New Senior Secured Credit Facility ), (ii) issuance of new senior secured notes, (iii) prepayment of our prior senior secured credit facilities, (iv) prepayment of our Main Street term loan facility and (v) repayment of the Mohegan Tribe subordinated loan. We incurred 24.0 million in costs in connection with these refinancing transactions. Previously deferred debt issuance costs and debt discounts totaling 23.7 million and new transaction costs of 0.1 million were recorded as a loss on modification and early extinguishment of debt. New debt issuance costs totaling 4.5 million were capitalized and will be amortized over the term of the related debt. The remaining 19.4 million in new debt issuance costs was reflected as debt discount and will be amortized over the term of the related debt. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, we held cash and cash equivalents of 149.8 million and 112.7 million, respectively, of which the MGE Niagara Resorts held 25.1 million and 15.1 million, respectively. As a result of the cash-based nature of our business, operating cash flow levels tend to follow trends in our operating income, excluding the effects of non-cash charges, such as depreciation and amortization and impairment charges. Inclusive of letters of credit, which reduce borrowing availability, we had 213.7 million of borrowing capacity under our New Senior Secured Credit Facility and line of 
 30 

credit as of September 30, 2021. In addition, inclusive of letters of credit, which reduce borrowing availability, the MGE Niagara Resorts had 38.9 million of borrowing capacity under the MGE Niagara Revolving Facility and MGE Niagara Swingline Facility as of September 30, 2021, based on limitations under the MGE Niagara credit agreement in place at that time due to gaming capacity restrictions. 
 Material contractual obligations arising in the normal course of business consist primarily of long-term debt and related interest payments, finance and right-of-use operating lease obligations, distributions to the Mohegan Tribe, slot machine operation fee that must be paid to the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue and purchase and other contractual obligations. Refer to our consolidated financial statements and related notes beginning on page F-1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Cash provided by operating activities increased 179.6 million, or 372.6 , to 227.8 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 48.2 million in the prior fiscal year. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was driven by a significant reduction in working capital requirements, combined with higher net income after factoring in non-cash items. 
 Cash used in investing activities declined 124.1 million, or 71.6 , to 49.3 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 173.4 million in the prior fiscal year. The decline in cash used in investing activities primarily reflected lower capital expenditures, combined with the impact of an investment in Mohegan Hotel Holding, LLC, in the prior fiscal year. 
 Cash used in financing activities increased 142.0 million, or 986.1 , to 156.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared with 14.4 million in the prior fiscal year. These results reflect reduced borrowings, combined with the payment of transaction costs associated with our January 2021 refinancing transactions. 
 New Senior Secured Credit Facility Financial Covenants 
 On January 26, 2021, we entered into our New Senior Secured Credit Facility, which, among other things, established the financial covenants described below: 
 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined under the New Senior Secured Credit Facility) shall not be less than: 
 Fiscal Quarters Ending: September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2021 
 1.00:1.00 March 31, 2022 and each fiscal quarter ending thereafter 
 1.15:1.00 
 Total Leverage Ratio (as defined under the New Senior Secured Credit Facility) shall not be greater than: 
 Fiscal Quarters Ending: September 30, 2021 8.00:1.00 December 31, 2021 7.25:1.00 March 31, 2022 6.75:1.00 June 30, 2022 and each fiscal quarter ending thereafter 
 6.50:1.00 
 
 Senior Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined under the New Senior Secured Credit Facility) shall not be greater than: 
 Fiscal Quarters Ending: September 30, 2021 5.75:1.00 December 31, 2021 5.25:1.00 March 31, 2022 4.75:1.00 June 30, 2022 and each fiscal quarter ending thereafter 
 4.50:1.00 
 Sufficiency of Resources 
 We believe that existing cash balances, financing arrangements and operating cash flows will provide us with sufficient resources to meet our existing debt obligations, finance and right-of-use operating lease obligations, distributions to the Mohegan Tribe, capital expenditures and working capital requirements for the next twelve months however, we can provide no assurance in this regard. Please refer to Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details regarding risks relating to our sufficiency of resources. 
 
 31 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual amounts could differ from those estimates. 
 We believe the following accounting policies impact significant judgments and estimates utilized in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Property and Equipment 
 Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is recognized over the estimated useful lives of the assets, other than land, on a straight-line basis. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease terms or the estimated useful lives of the improvements. Estimated useful lives by asset categories are as follows: 
 Buildings and land improvements 40 years Furniture and equipment 3 - 7 years 
 The costs of significant improvements are capitalized. Costs of normal repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. 
 Property and equipment are assessed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If it is determined that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable based on current and future levels of income and cash flows, as well as other factors, an impairment loss will be recognized at such time. 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 Other intangible assets consist primarily of Mohegan Sun's trademark and Mohegan Sun Pocono's various gaming licenses. These intangible assets all have indefinite lives. Intangible assets with indefinite lives are assessed at least annually for impairment by comparing their fair value to their carrying value. However, these intangible assets may be assessed more frequently for impairment if events or changes in circumstances, such as declines in revenues, earnings and cash flows or material adverse changes in business climate, indicate that their carrying value may be impaired. 
 A 1 reduction in the estimated revenue growth rate would decrease the fair value of Mohegan Sun Pocono s intangible assets by approximately 11 million and a 1 increase in the discount rate would decrease the fair value of Mohegan Sun Pocono s intangible assets by approximately 40 million. 
 Intangible assets with finite lives are assessed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. If necessary, an impairment charge is recognized when the carrying value of the asset (asset group) exceeds the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected from the use and eventual disposition of the asset (asset group). The amount of the impairment charge, if any, is calculated as the excess of the asset s (asset group s) carrying value over their fair value. 
 The evaluation of intangible assets for impairment requires the use of estimates about future cash flows. Such estimates are, by their nature, subjective. Actual results may differ materially from our estimates and could result in impairment charges in the future. 
 Revenues from Casino Operating and Services Agreement 
 We operate the MGE Niagara Resorts under the terms of a Casino Operating and Services Agreement. Pursuant to the laws of Canada and Ontario, the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation (the OLG retains legal authority to conduct and manage lottery schemes on behalf of the Ontario government. We are acting as a service provider to the OLG under the Casino Operating and Services Agreement and, therefore, recognize gaming revenues net of amounts due to the OLG. We retain all non-gaming revenues and recognize these amounts on a gross basis. The Casino Operating and Services Agreement represents a series of distinct goods and services and, therefore, is deemed to be a single performance obligation. The transaction price under the Casino Operating and Services Agreement includes both fixed and variable consideration. The fixed consideration is comprised of an annual service provider fee and additional consideration for permitted capital expenditures up to an annual cap. The fixed consideration is recognized as revenue on a straight line basis over the term of the Casino Operating and Services Agreement. The variable consideration consists of 70 of Gaming Revenues (as defined under the Casino Operating and Services Agreement), in excess of a guaranteed annual minimum amount payable to the OLG (the Threshold ). Annual Threshold amounts are contractually established and vary from year to year. If gaming revenues are less than the Threshold for any given year, we are obligated to make a payment to cover the related shortfall. The variable consideration is recognized as 
 32 

revenue as services are rendered under the terms of the Casino Operating and Services Agreement. We measure our progress in satisfying this performance obligation based on the output method, which aligns with the benefits provided to the OLG. Projected revenues are estimated based on the most likely amount within a range of possible outcomes to the extent that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenues recognized is not probable of occurring. The difference between revenues recognized and cash received is recorded as an asset or a liability. In the event an asset is recorded, such asset is assessed at least annually for impairment. On June 18, 2021, the Casino Operating and Services Agreement was amended to provide for, among other things, a three-year replacement of the annual Threshold, subject to certain conditions, with a fixed revenue share percentage. The annual Threshold may be reinstated at any time during this three-year period under certain conditions specified in the amended Casino Operating and Services Agreement. 
 Business Acquisitions 
 We account for business acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at fair value as of the acquisition date. The purchase price of business acquisitions is allocated to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values and any excess purchase price over the tangible and identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, if any, is recorded as goodwill. We may use independent valuation specialists to assist in determining the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which could require certain significant management assumptions and estimates. 
 33 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. As of September 30, 2021, our primary exposure to market risk was interest rate risk associated with our credit facilities which accrued interest on the basis of base rate or Eurodollar rate formulas, plus applicable rates, as defined under the credit facilities. 
 We attempt to manage our interest rate risk through a controlled combination of long-term fixed rate borrowings and variable rate borrowings in accordance with established policies and procedures. We do not hold or issue financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 
 The following table presents information about our debt obligations as of September 30, 2021 that were sensitive to changes in interest rates. The table presents principal payments and related weighted average interest rates by expected maturity dates. Weighted average variable interest rates were based on implied forward rates in respective yield curves, which should not be considered to be precise indicators of actual future interest rates. Fair values for our debt obligations were based on quoted market prices or prices of similar instruments as of September 30, 2021. 
 Expected Maturity Date by Fiscal Year 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total Fair Value Liabilities (in thousands) Long-term debt obligations, including current portions (1): 
 Fixed rate 23,461 23,135 15,970 500,025 1,175,720 392 1,738,703 1,786,117 Average interest rate 7.9 8.0 7.7 Variable rate 57,029 33,558 112,018 31,468 234,073 233,425 Average interest rate (2) 4.2 4.7 5.4 8.0 5.1 __________ 
 (1) Excludes unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts. 
 (2) A 100-basis point change in average interest rate would impact annual interest expense by approximately 2.3 million. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, referred to in Item 15(a)(1) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are filed as part of this report and appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 
 34 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2021. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Management recognizes that controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2021, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. In making this assessment, our management used the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework. 
 
 Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of September 30, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report from our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting was not subject to such attestation as we are a non-accelerated filer. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 35 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 36 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 We are governed by a nine-member Management Board, whose members also comprise the Mohegan Tribal Council, the governing body of the Mohegan Tribe. Any change in the composition of the Mohegan Tribal Council results in a corresponding change in our Management Board. As of the date of this filing, the members of the Management Board and their terms are as follows: Patricia A. LaPierre, Joseph M. Soper, Thayne D. Hutchins, Jr. and John G. Harris are each serving terms expiring in October 2023, while Ralph James Gessner, Jr., Sarah E. Harris, William Quidgeon, Jr., Kenneth Davison and Mark F. Brown are each serving terms expiring in October 2025. Members of the Mohegan Tribal Council are elected by the registered voters of the Mohegan Tribe through competitive general elections. Vacancies on the Mohegan Tribal Council, to the extent they arise, are likewise filled by similar special elections. Upon expiration of Mohegan Tribal Council members' terms, registered voters of the Mohegan Tribe may re-elect current Mohegan Tribal Council members who choose to run for re-election or elect new Mohegan Tribal Council members. Incumbent members of the Mohegan Tribal Council do not nominate or otherwise identify candidates for election. Accordingly, the Mohegan Tribal Council and Management Board do not screen candidates for election nor do they maintain a nominating committee. The terms of office of our named executive officers, and the periods during which they have served as such, are described in Part III. Item 11. Executive Compensation to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Management Board and Named Executive Officers 
 The following table presents data related to the members of the Management Board and our named executive officers, as of the date of this filing: 
 Name Age Position Ralph James Gessner, Jr. 52 Chairman and Member, Management Board Sarah E. Harris 43 Vice Chairwoman and Member, Management Board Patricia A. LaPierre 70 Recording Secretary and Member, Management Board (1) 
 Joseph M. Soper 42 Corresponding Secretary and Member, Management Board (1) 
 Thayne D. Hutchins, Jr. 50 Treasurer and Member, Management Board (1) 
 William Quidgeon, Jr. 59 Member, Management Board John G. Harris 67 Member, Management Board Kenneth Davison 58 Member, Management Board Mark F. Brown 64 Member, Management Board Raymond Pineault 55 Chief Executive Officer Carol K. Anderson 46 Chief Financial Officer Jody Madigan 50 Chief Operating Officer ________ 
 (1) Audit Committee member. 
 Ralph James Gessner, Jr. Mr. Gessner was first seated on the Mohegan Tribal Council and Management Board in October 2005. He was elected Chairman in October 2019, after serving as Vice Chairman since October 2010. Mr. Gessner previously held multiple positions at Mohegan Sun, including Director of Executive Hosts and Vice President of Casino Marketing. Mr. Gessner holds a Bachelor of Science in Hotel and Restaurant Management from the University of Southwestern Louisiana. 
 Sarah E. Harris Ms. Harris was first seated on the Mohegan Tribal Council and Management Board in October 2017. Ms. Harris was elected Vice Chairwoman in October 2019. She previously worked as an attorney at various law firms in the Washington, D.C. area, representing Native American tribes and tribal entities and organizations. Ms. Harris received a presidential appointment to serve as Chief of Staff to the Assistant Secretary-Indian Affairs and, prior to that, served as Special Assistant to the Solicitor in the Office of the Secretary of the Interior. Ms. Harris holds a Juris Doctor from American University Washington College of Law and a Bachelor of Arts in Native American Studies from Dartmouth College. 
 Patricia A. LaPierre Ms. LaPierre is currently serving her first term on the Mohegan Tribal Council and Management Board, having been seated in October 2019. She previously spent over 17 years in various roles within the Human Resources Department at Mohegan Sun. Her most recent position was Vice President of Human Resources. Ms. LaPierre also has a wide range of civic involvement with both her community and the Mohegan Tribe. Over the past 12 years she has served on the Board of Directors for the Norwich Arts Center, the Board of Safe Futures, the Public Health and Safety Committee for the Town of Griswold and as a Board of Education Member of the Mohegan Tribe. Ms. LaPierre holds a Bachelor of Arts in Liberal Studies from Providence College and a Master of Arts in Organizational Management from the University of Phoenix. 
 37 

Joseph M. Soper Mr. Soper is currently serving his first term on the Mohegan Tribal Council and Management Board, having been seated in October 2019. Mr. Soper previously spent over 15 years working at both Mohegan Sun and Mohegan Gaming Entertainment, first as a Senior Financial Analyst and later as the Director of Sports and Entertainment, where he managed the day-to-day financial operations for the Sports and Entertainment Department. Mr. Soper holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with a major in Finance from Western New England University. 
 Thayne D. Hutchins, Jr. Mr. Hutchins was first seated on the Mohegan Tribal Council and Management Board in October 2007 after serving as a staff accountant for the Mohegan Tribe for six years. Mr. Hutchins graduated Magna Cum Laude from Eastern Connecticut State University and holds a Bachelor of Science in Economics with a concentration in Accounting. 
 William Quidgeon, Jr. Mr. Quidgeon was first seated on the Mohegan Tribal Council and Management Board in October 2005. He previously held multiple positions at the Mohegan Tribe and Mohegan Sun, including Senior Project Manager of the Mohegan Tribal Development Department. Prior to his employment with the Mohegan Tribe, Mr. Quidgeon served as Chairman of the Mohegan Information Technology Group, a limited liability company that is majority-owned by the Mohegan Tribe. 
 John G. Harris Mr. Harris is currently serving his first term on the Mohegan Tribal Council and Management Board, having been seated in October 2019. Mr. Harris previously worked as the Engineering Grounds Supervisor at Mohegan Sun for approximately 6 years. Prior to his employment with Mohegan Sun, Mr. Harris served in a wide variety of managerial operational roles in his 30-year career with Pfizer Inc. Mr. Harris has also served as the Chairman of the Mohegan Tribal Housing Authority for nearly 25 years, a Site Operations Director for the Preston Redevelopment Agency for the past 10 years and the Chairman of the Preston Housing Authority from 2007 to 2017. 
 Kenneth Davison Mr. Davison was first seated on the Mohegan Tribal Council and Management Board in March 2020. Mr. Davison was previously a lawyer focusing on consumer law. He also has a background in finance having served as the Finance and Logistics Manager at The HALO Trust and as an independent Finance Consultant. Mr. Davison is also a retired officer of the United States Army Reserve and the Connecticut National Guard. Mr. Davison holds a Law Degree from Arizona Summit Law School and a Bachelor of Science in Finance from the University of Connecticut. 
 Mark F. Brown Mr. Brown was most recently seated on the Mohegan Tribal Council and Management Board in October 2021. Mr. Brown previously served on the Mohegan Tribal Council and Management Board from December 2019 to March 2020 and from October 1995 to October 2019. He served as Chairman of the Mohegan Tribal Council and Management Board from October 2000 until October 2005. Mr. Brown also served as the Mohegan Tribe's historian and was instrumental in the Mohegan Tribe's pursuit of federal recognition. 
 Raymond Pineault Mr. Pineault was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Company on May 27, 2021, after stepping in as its interim Chief Executive Officer on March 31, 2021. Mr. Pineault previously served as the Company's Chief Operating Officer since July 2020 and as its Regional President since January 2020. Prior to that, he served as President and General Manager of the Company's flagship property, Mohegan Sun, since April 2015. He joined the Company in 2005 as Senior Vice President of Administration at Mohegan Sun. Mr. Pineault holds a Bachelor of Science in Psychology from the University of Connecticut. 
 Carol K. Anderson Ms. Anderson was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company on March 15, 2021 after serving as a consultant to the Company since December 2020. Previously, Ms. Anderson held positions of increasing responsibility at Scientific Games Corporation, including Vice President - Associate General Counsel, Corporate Securities from July 2015 to April 2017, Vice President - Corporate Treasury and Associate General Counsel from April 2017 to March 2019 and Senior Vice President - Treasury, Capital Markets and Associate General Counsel from March 2019 to May 2020. Ms. Anderson holds a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from Syracuse University and a Juris Doctor from Boston College Law School. 
 Jody Madigan Mr. Madigan was appointed Chief Operating Officer of the Company on September 2, 2021. Prior to his employment with the Company, Mr. Madigan served as the General Manager of Paragon Casino Resort from April 2018 to June 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Madigan served as Vice President of Strategic Execution and Business Development for Seneca Gaming Corporation from September 2016 to January 2018. He previously served as Assistant General Manager for Mountaineer Casino, Racetrack Resort from July 2014 to August 2016 and as President and General Manager for Casino Miami from June 2013 to June 2014. 

38 

Audit Committee 
 We have established a separately-designated standing Audit Committee in accordance with applicable provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Audit Committee is comprised of certain members of the Management Board and two independent ex-officio (non-voting) members appointed by the Management Board, Daniel A. Cassella and Daniel H. Scott. Members of our Audit Committee are capable of reading and understanding financial statements, including balance sheets and statements of income, changes in capital and cash flows. In addition, each of the two ex-officio members satisfies the criteria to qualify as an Audit Committee Financial Expert in accordance with Item 407(d)(5) under Regulation S-K. The Audit Committee may additionally be advised on financial matters through a Financial Advisory Committee comprised of one or more financial experts independent from us. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, including our principal executive and financial officers. Our code of ethics is available on our website at www.mohegangaming.com under Corporate Governance. 
 Should we make any significant amendment to the code of ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code of ethics to our principal executive, financial and accounting officers, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 Executive Compensation Objectives 
 We operate in an extremely competitive environment and believe that our current and future success is closely correlated with our ability to attract and retain highly talented employees and a strong management team. Accordingly, our executive compensation program is intended to meet three principal objectives: (1) attract, reward and retain senior management employees, (2) motivate these individuals to achieve our short-term and long-term business goals and (3) promote internal compensation equity and external competitiveness. 
 Our philosophy relating to executive compensation is to attract and retain highly qualified individuals by offering competitive base salaries, cash-based incentive opportunities and other employee benefits. We face unique challenges in designing our executive compensation program because, as an instrumentality of the Mohegan Tribe, we cannot offer equity-based compensation to our executives, unlike many of our industry peers. As a result, we strive to offer a cash-based compensation program that rewards our executives with competitive compensation while providing proper incentives to achieve our financial and operational goals at both the operating unit and company-wide levels. We also strive to ensure that our executive compensation program is straightforward, transparent and understandable. 
 Role of the Compensation Committee and Senior Management 
 Our nine-member Management Board, whose members also comprise the Mohegan Tribal Council, serves as our Compensation Committee and has final authority over the design, negotiation and implementation of our executive compensation program. As discussed below, our principal executive officer, along with other senior and executive level employees, have taken the leading roles in the design of our executive compensation program. In addition, acting within the boundaries of our annual budget, as approved by the Management Board, our principal executive officer and other senior and executive level employees determine the base salaries and cash-based incentive opportunities offered to our executives. 
 Elements of Compensation 
 Compensation offered to our named executive officers, or NEOs, primarily consists of annual compensation in the form of base salaries and employee benefits/perquisites. We also offer our NEOs cash-based incentive opportunities. In addition, we offer our NEOs the opportunity to defer all or a portion of their annual compensation under a deferred compensation plan, or DCP, and to participate in the Mohegan Retirement and 401(k) Plan, both of which are sponsored by the Mohegan Tribe. The following presents additional information relating to the elements of compensation offered to our NEOs for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021: 
 Annual Compensation 
 Annual compensation consists of base salaries and employee benefits. These elements are intended to provide some degree of compensation certainty to our NEOs by providing compensation that, unlike incentive compensation, is not at-risk based upon company performance. 
 39 

Base Salary 
 We believe that a competitive base salary is an important component of compensation as it provides a degree of financial stability and is a critical factor in recruiting and retaining our NEOs. Base salary is also designed to recognize the scope of responsibilities placed under each NEO and to reward each NEO for their unique leadership skills, management experience and contributions to the Company. 
 In determining base salary levels, we take into consideration economic and industry conditions and company performance. We do not assign relative weights to individual and company performance, but instead make a subjective determination after considering such measures collectively. Base salary is also evaluated relative to other components of our executive compensation program to ensure that each NEO's total compensation and mix of components are consistent with our overall compensation objectives and philosophies. 
 With these factors in mind, we have entered into employment agreements with our NEOs that, among other things, provide for minimum base salary levels and employee benefits that, when combined, provide total compensation reflecting our need to compete for and retain management talent in a competitive environment. Our NEOs base salaries are also subject to annual increases. 
 Employee Benefits 
 Our NEOs receive certain employee benefits, including health insurance, dental and vision coverage, prescription drug plans, long-term disability insurance, life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance and flexible spending accounts. As of September 30, 2021, our NEOs were also provided the opportunity to receive discretionary employer-matching 401(k) contributions of 50 , up to the first 3 of their eligible compensation contributed under the Mohegan Retirement and 401(k) Plan. 
 Incentive Compensation 
 We also have a discretionary incentive compensation plan covering certain of our employees. As it pertains to our NEOs, the plan generally sets aside approximately 25 of our Adjusted EBITDA in excess of a target established prior to the beginning of the fiscal year as part of our budgeting process. Adjusted EBITDA eliminates certain items from net income, such as interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, pre-opening and non-recurring charges. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or US GAAP. However, we have historically evaluated our operating performance with the non-US GAAP measure Adjusted EBITDA. Under the plan, the base incentive compensation target for our NEOs is generally set at 35 of base salary, with a maximum payout of 52.5 of base salary. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, the payout rate to our eligible NEOs was approximately 33 . For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, Adjusted EBITDA did not exceed our established targets and, as such, no incentive compensation was paid to our NEOs. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, Adjusted EBITDA for certain business segments exceeded our established targets, however, the Compensation Committee elected not to pay any incentive compensation. 
 Compensation Committee Report 
 Our nine-member Management Board serves as our Compensation Committee. The Management Board met with us to review and discuss the preceding Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Based on such review and discussion, the Management Board approved this Compensation Discussion and Analysis and authorized its inclusion in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 
 Management Board 
 The members of the Management Board, as of the date of this filing, are as follows: Ralph James Gessner, Jr., Sarah E. Harris, Patricia A. LaPierre, Joseph M. Soper, Thayne D. Hutchins, Jr., William Quidgeon, Jr., John G. Harris, Kenneth Davison and Mark F. Brown. 

40 

Summary Compensation Table 
 Name and Principal Position Fiscal Year Base Salary Cash Bonus Non-Equity Incentive Compensation All 
 Other 
 Compensation (5) 
 Total Raymond Pineault (1) 
 2021 883,667 325,493 4,959 1,214,119 Chief Executive Officer 2020 679,650 4,965 684,615 Carol K. Anderson (2) 
 2021 311,767 270,296 158 582,221 Chief Financial Officer 
 Jody Madigan (3) 
 2021 34,615 50,000 84,615 Chief Operating Officer Mario C. Kontomerkos (4) 
 2021 691,764 528,083 1,219,847 Former Chief Executive Officer 2020 948,598 690 949,288 2019 1,049,825 714 1,050,539 _________ 
 (1) Appointed Chief Executive Officer on May 27, 2021. Served as interim Chief Executive Officer from March 31, 2021 to May 26, 2021. Served as Chief Operating Officer from July 17, 2020 to March 30, 2021. 
 (2) Commenced employment on March 15, 2021. 
 (3) Commenced employment on September 2, 2021. 
 (4) Ceased employment on March 31, 2021. 
 (5) Amounts reported in this column are comprised of the following: 
 All Other Compensation Details 
 Name Fiscal Year 401(k) (1) 
 
 Long-Term 
 Disability (2) 
 Post-Employment 
 Payout (3) 
 Total Raymond Pineault 2021 4,275 684 4,959 2020 4,275 690 4,965 Carol K. Anderson 2021 158 158 Jody Madigan 2021 Mario C. Kontomerkos 2021 342 527,741 528,083 2020 690 690 2019 714 714 ________ 
 (1) Employer-matching 401(k) contributions. 
 (2) Premium payments on long-term disability policies. 
 (3) Payments pertaining to post-employment benefits. 

41 

Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 
 We offer our NEOs the opportunity to participate in the DCP. The DCP is a non-qualified plan that allows our executives the opportunity to defer all or a portion of their annual compensation. We do not make contributions to the DCP on behalf of our NEOs. None of our NEOs participate in the DCP. 
 Mohegan Benefit Plan 
 We offer our NEOs the opportunity to participate in the Mohegan Benefit Plan. The Mohegan Benefit Plan is sponsored by the Mohegan Tribe for the benefit of participants who authorize the purchase of life insurance policies as a means of providing certain life insurance benefits to the participants and their spouses as joint insured. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, contributions to the Mohegan Benefit Plan on behalf of Mr. Pineault totaled 200,507, 67,831 and 0, respectively. Ms. Anderson and Mr. Madigan do not participate in the Mohegan Benefit Plan. 
 Potential Payments and Benefits upon Termination or Change in Control 
 The following table presents potential payments to our NEOs in the event of a termination of employment, based on the terms of their employment agreements, as described below. Due to our sovereignty, potential payments upon change in control are not included within the table below, as these are not applicable. The amounts presented represent our estimate of potential payments to our NEOs upon their termination, assuming, in each case, that termination occurred on September 30, 2021, the last day of fiscal 2021. Actual payments can only be determined at the time of each NEO's separation from the Company. 
 Base Salary Medical Benefits Other Payment Total Raymond Pineault Termination without cause (1) 
 1,030,000 25,047 25,000 1,080,047 Termination due to medical disability (3) 
 515,000 12,524 527,524 Change of Control 
 Carol K. Anderson Termination without cause (2) 
 618,000 17,219 635,219 Termination due to medical disability (3) 
 309,000 8,610 317,610 Change of Control 
 Jody Madigan Termination without cause (2) 
 600,000 25,047 625,047 Termination due to medical disability (3) 
 300,000 12,524 312,524 Change of Control 
 __________ 
 (1) Under Mr. Pineault's employment agreement, upon termination without cause, we are required to continue to pay his base salary for 12 months and a 25,000 relocation benefit and provide medical benefits for a period of one year following such termination. 
 (2) Under each of Ms. Anderson s and Mr. Madigan s employment agreements, upon termination without cause, we are required to pay their base salary for 12 months and provide medical benefits for a period of one year following such termination. 
 (3) Under each NEO's employment agreement, upon termination due to medical disability, we are required to continue to pay their base salary and provide medical benefits for a period of 180 days; thereafter, if we choose to suspend their employment or they are deemed permanently disabled, we are required to provide disability insurance coverage per our disability insurance program. 
 
 Executive Employment Agreements 
 Mr. Pineault . Mr. Pineault s employment agreement commenced effective May 27, 2021. The agreement provides for a base annual salary of 1,000,000, subject to annual increases. Mr. Pineault is also entitled to participate in our discretionary incentive compensation plan, provided that for fiscal 2021, Mr. Pineault will remain eligible for incentive compensation payable under his prior employment agreement. In accordance with Mr. Pineault s prior employment agreement, his new employment agreement has no specified term. The agreement provides that if Mr. Pineault is terminated for cause, as defined under his agreement, or if Mr. Pineault voluntarily terminates his employment, he will not be entitled to any further compensation from and after the termination date. If Mr. Pineault is terminated other than for cause, he will be entitled, among other things, to receive his base annual salary from the termination date through 12 months from the termination date. 
 Ms. Anderson . Ms. Anderson s employment agreement commenced as of March 15, 2021. The agreement provides for a base annual salary of 600,000, subject to annual increases, and a sign-on payment in the amount of 175,000 allocated over the first two years of employment. Ms. Anderson is also entitled to participate in our discretionary incentive compensation plan. The agreement is subject to automatic renewals for additional one-year terms unless either party provides notice, at least six 
 42 

months prior to the end of the initial three-year term or any renewal terms, of an intention not to renew or otherwise terminate the agreement. The agreement provides that if Ms. Anderson is terminated for cause, as defined under her agreement, or if Ms. Anderson voluntarily terminates her employment, she will not be entitled to any further compensation from and after the termination date. If Ms. Anderson is terminated other than for cause, she will be entitled, among other things, to receive her base annual salary from the termination date through 12 months from the termination date. 
 Mr. Madigan . Mr. Madigan s employment agreement commenced as of August 30, 2021. The agreement provides for a base annual salary of 600,000, subject to annual increases, and a sign-on payment in the amount of 50,000. Mr. Madigan is also entitled to participate in our discretionary incentive compensation plan. In addition, Mr. Madigan is eligible for an additional bonus for fiscal 2022 in an amount of between 50,000 and 100,000 based on a sliding-scale EBITDA achievement target. The agreement is subject to automatic renewals for additional one-year terms unless either party provides notice, at least six months prior to the end of the initial term of March 31, 2025 or any renewal terms, of an intention not to renew or otherwise terminate the agreement. The agreement provides that if Mr. Madigan is terminated for cause, as defined under his agreement, or if Mr. Madigan voluntarily terminates his employment, he will not be entitled to any further compensation from and after the termination date. If Mr. Madigan is terminated other than for cause, he will be entitled, among other things, to receive his base annual salary from the termination date through 12 months from the termination date. 
 
 CEO Pay Ratio 
 We calculated our CEO Pay Ratio, or the ratio of the pay of our Chief Executive Officer to that of our median employee, as permitted under Securities and Exchange Commission rules. To determine the compensation for our median employee, we included the base salary of employees employed by us during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, excluding our Chief Executive Officer. For full-time and part-time employees, we annualized their hourly pay rates, and, for seasonal and on-call employees, we utilized payroll compensation consistent with what would have been reported on each employee's W-2, Box 1 as of September 30, 2021. Based on the above, for fiscal 2021, our Chief Executive Officer's base salary was 883,667 and our median employee's compensation was 29,120, resulting in a CEO Pay Ratio of approximately 30:1. 
 Compensation of Management Board 
 The following table presents data related to compensation of members of the Management Board, as of the date of this filing, for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 
 Name Compensation Other (1) 
 Total Ralph James Gessner, Jr. 216,687 297 216,984 Sarah E. Harris 194,629 234 194,863 Patricia A. LaPierre 159,957 142 160,099 Joseph M. Soper 159,957 219 160,176 Thayne D. Hutchins, Jr. 127,597 175 127,772 William Quidgeon, Jr. 159,957 219 160,176 John G. Harris 157,478 140 157,618 Kenneth Davison 157,478 216 157,694 Kathleen M. Regan-Pyne (2) 
 159,957 192 160,149 Mark F. Brown (3) 
 __________ 
 (1) Premium payments on life insurance policies owned by each member. 
 (2) Term expired on October 3, 2021. 
 (3) Term commenced on October 4, 2021. 
 Members of the Management Board are paid annual salaries by the Mohegan Tribe for their services as members of the Mohegan Tribal Council. Due to the dual roles of these individuals in our governance and the Mohegan Tribe's, we are obligated to fund a portion of their compensation pursuant to an arrangement established at the time of Mohegan Sun's inception. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we were obligated to fund 60 of each member's annual compensation. This allocation was determined based on the amount of time members acted in their capacity as the Management Board as opposed to their capacity as the Mohegan Tribal Council. We believe that members' activities in fiscal 2022 will be consistent with their fiscal 2021 activities and, as such, we expect to fund 60 of their fiscal 2022 compensation. 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 As noted above, the Management Board serves as our Compensation Committee. 
 43 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 We have no outstanding equity securities. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Procedure for Review of Related Party Transactions 
 Potential conflicts of interest, including related party transactions reportable under Securities and Exchange Commission rules, must be approved in advance. We have a code of ethics which applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and all other executive officers, whom we collectively refer to as our principal officers. Our code of ethics addresses, among other things, conflicts of interest and is available on our website at www.mohegangaming.com . Under our code of ethics, actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest must be disclosed to our Management Board, and only the Management Board may waive provisions of our code of ethics. 
 Our Management Board reviews all transactions between us and principal officers. In addition, our corporate governance practices include procedures for discussing and assessing relationships among us and principal officers, including business, financial and family member, as applicable. Our Management Board also reviews transactions with principal officers, on a case-by-case basis, to determine whether any conflict of interest exists. Additionally, our Management Board ensures that directors voting on such matters have no interest in the matter and discusses transactions with counsel as deemed necessary. 
 Transactions between the Company and the Company s Subsidiaries and the Mohegan Tribe 
 Please refer to Part IV. Note 12 Related Party Transactions to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Corporate Governance and Management Board Independence 
 We are governed by a nine-member Management Board, whose members also comprise the Mohegan Tribal Council, the governing body of the Mohegan Tribe. Any change in the composition of the Mohegan Tribal Council results in a corresponding change in our Management Board. Upon election, each Mohegan Tribal Council and Management Board member serves a four-year term on a staggered basis. Incumbent members of the Mohegan Tribal Council do not nominate or otherwise identify candidates for election. Accordingly, the Mohegan Tribal Council and Management Board do not screen candidates for election nor do they maintain a nominating committee. Instead, the registered voters of the Mohegan Tribe elect all members of the Mohegan Tribal Council. In order to qualify for, and seek election to a position on the Mohegan Tribal Council, an individual: (1) must be at least 21 years of age prior to the date of the election, (2) must be a registered voting member of the Mohegan Tribe in good standing and (3) must not have been convicted of either a felony or a misdemeanor involving moral integrity, such as forgery or bribery. In addition, an individual must comply with the tribal election ordinance, including requirements for declaring the intention to run and submission to a comprehensive background check, to qualify for and seek election. 
 As described above, members of the Management Board are also members of the Mohegan Tribe and the Mohegan Tribal Council. Due to the relationships between us and the Mohegan Tribe, as described above, none of the Management Board members would qualify as independent directors within the rules of The New York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ Stock Market. 
 
 44 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The following table presents the aggregate fees paid or accrued for professional services rendered by Deloitte Touche LLP: 
 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Audit fees (1) 
 1,495,950 1,102,600 Tax fees 217,250 243,600 Total 1,713,200 1,346,200 
 _________ 
 (1) Audit fees include fees for our annual audit, quarterly reviews and services rendered in connection with regulatory filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 The Audit Committee s independent registered public accounting firm independence policy provides for pre-approval of all services performed by our independent registered public accounting firm. All above services were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee considered whether the provision of these services was compatible with maintaining independent registered public accounting firm independence. 
 45 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 A(1). Financial Statements 
 The following financial information appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1 and are incorporated by reference in Part II, Item 8: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority as of 
 September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) and Comprehensive Income (Loss) of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Capital of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority for the 
 Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority for the 
 Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 F- 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority 
 F- 9 

A(2). Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following schedule appears on page S-1 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference herein: 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 All other financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 

46 

A(3). Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Amended and Restated Transition and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 1, 2019, among MGE Niagara Entertainment Inc., Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation and Ontario Gaming Assets Corporation (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 14, 2019 (the June 2019 Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein). 
 2.2 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Transition and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated June 6, 2019, among MGE Niagara Entertainment Inc., Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation and Ontario Gaming Assets Corporation (filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the June 2019 Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein). 
 2.3 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Transition and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated June 7, 2019, among MGE Niagara Entertainment Inc., Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation and Ontario Gaming Assets Corporation (filed as Exhibit 2.3 to the June 2019 Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein). 
 3.1 Constitution of the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut, as amended (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority s Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the SEC on January 27, 2014 (the 2014 Form S-4 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 3.2 Ordinance No. 95-2 of the Tribe for Gaming on Tribal Lands, enacted on July 15, 1995 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority s Amendment No. 1 to its Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on February 29, 1996 (the "1996 Form S-1") and incorporated by reference herein). 4.1 Indenture, dated as of October 14, 2016, among the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut, the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, relating to the 7.875 Senior Notes due 2024 of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 20, 2016 (the October 2016 Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein). 
 4.2 Promissory Note, dated as of December 15, 2017, by and between Salishan-Mohegan, LLC and Salishan Company, LLC (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, filed with the SEC on December 22, 2017 (the 2017 Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein). 
 4.3 Waiver, dated as of June 11, 2020, by and among the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 18, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 4.4 Indenture, dated as of January 26, 2021, among the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the 8.000 Second Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority's Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 27, 2021 (the January 2021 Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein). 
 4.5 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 23, 2021, among Mohegan Digital, LLC and Mohegan Digital Services, LLC, the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the 8.000 Second Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021, filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021 (the June 30, 2021 Form 10-Q and incorporated by reference herein). 
 4.6 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 23, 2021, among Mohegan Digital, LLC and Mohegan Digital Services, LLC, the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the 7.875 Senior Notes due 2024 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the June 30, 2021 Form 10-Q and incorporated by reference herein). 
 4.7 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1 , 2021, among MGNV Holding, LLC and MGNV , LLC, the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the 8.000 Second Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (filed herewith ). 
 4.8 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1 , 2021, among MG NV Holding , LLC and MGNV , LLC, the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the 7.875 Senior Notes due 2024 (filed herewith ). 
 10.1 The Mohegan Tribe State of Connecticut Gaming Compact between the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut and the State of Connecticut (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the 1996 Form S-1 and incorporated by reference herein). 10.2 Agreement, dated as of April 25, 1994, between the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut and the State of Connecticut resolving certain land claims (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the 1996 Form S-1 and incorporated by reference herein). 10.3 Memorandum of Understanding, dated as of April 25, 1994, between the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut and the State of Connecticut regarding implementation of the Compact and the Resolution Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the 1996 Form S-1 and incorporated by reference herein). 10.4 Agreement, dated as of June 16, 1994, between the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut and the Town of Montville, Connecticut (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the 1996 Form S-1 and incorporated by reference herein). 10.5 Amended and Restated Land Lease, dated as of October 14, 2016, between the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut and the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the October 2016 Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.6 The Merrill Lynch Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan Trust Agreement, dated as of September 1, 1998, between the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority and Merrill Lynch Trust (filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority s Form 10-K405 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1998, filed with the SEC on December 29, 1998 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.7 Priority Distribution Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2001, between the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority and the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2001, filed with the SEC on August 10, 2001 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 47 

10.8 First Amendment to the Priority Distribution Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2014, by and between the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority and the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on February 17, 2015 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.9 Management Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2004, between The Cowlitz Indian Tribe and Salishan-Mohegan, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority s Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the SEC on November 1, 2004 (the "2004 Form S-4") and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.10 Development Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2004, between The Cowlitz Indian Tribe and Salishan-Mohegan, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.31 to the 2004 Form S-4 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.11 Membership Interest Redemption and Withdrawal Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2017, by and between Salishan-Mohegan, LLC and Salishan Company, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the 2017 Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.12 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2021, among the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut, Citizens Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, and the other lenders and financial institutions party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the January 2021 Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.13 Employment agreement, effective March 15, 2021, by and between the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority and Carol K. Anderson (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority's Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 18, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.14 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 14, 2021, among MGE Niagara Entertainment Inc., the lenders named therein, Bank of Montreal, as Administrative Agent, and the other parties thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority's Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 20, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.15 Employment agreement, effective August 30, 2021, by and between the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority and Jody Madigan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 9, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.16 Agreement between The Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut and the State of Connecticut dated July 26, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority's Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 28, 2021 (the September 2021 Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.17 Memorandum of Understanding between The Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut and the State of Connecticut dated July 26, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the September 2021 Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.18 Employment Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, and effective as of May 27, 2021, by and between the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority and Raymond Pineault (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority's Form 8-K/A, filed with the SEC on October 26, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.19 Loan Agreement, dated September 24, 2021, among Inspire Integrated Resort Co., Ltd., the lenders named therein, Kookmin Bank Co., Ltd. as Facility Agent, and the other parties thereto (filed herewith). 
 10.20 Secured Term Loan Facility, dated November 4, 2021, among MGE Korea Limited, the financial institutions named therein, Serica Agency Limited as Facility Agent and Security Agent, and the other parties thereto (filed herewith). 
 10.21 Warrant Agreement, dated November 4, 2021, by and among MGE Korea Holding III Limited, BCC Inspire Aggregator, L.P., Royale SS II Ltd., and the other parties thereto (filed herewith). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 21.1 to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on December 29, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith). 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith). 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith). 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith). 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document (filed herewith). 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (filed herewith). 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase (filed herewith). 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase (filed herewith). 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase (filed herewith). 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase (filed herewith). 
 _____________ 
 Exhibits transmitted via EDGAR. 
 Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. Upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplementary to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted information. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 48 

Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the XBRL related information in Exhibits 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability under that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

49 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 50 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized on December 16, 2021. 
 MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 By: /S/ RALPH JAMES GESSNER JR. Ralph James Gessner Jr. Chairman, Management Board 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority and in the capacities indicated on December 16, 2021. 
 SIGNATURE TITLE /S/ RALPH JAMES GESSNER JR. Chairman and Member, Management Board Ralph James Gessner Jr. /S/ SARAH E. HARRIS Vice Chairwoman and Member, Management Board Sarah E. Harris /S/ RAYMOND PINEAULT Chief Executive Officer, Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority 
 Raymond Pineault (Principal Executive Officer) /S/ CAROL K. ANDERSON Chief Financial Officer, Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority 
 Carol K. Anderson (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /S/ PATRICIA A. LAPIERRE Recording Secretary and Member, Management Board Patricia A. LaPierre /S/ JOSEPH M. SOPER Corresponding Secretary and Member, Management Board Joseph M. Soper /S/ THAYNE D. HUTCHINS JR. Treasurer and Member, Management Board Thayne D. Hutchins Jr. /S/ WILLIAM QUIDGEON JR. Member, Management Board William Quidgeon Jr. /S/ JOHN G. HARRIS Member, Management Board John G. Harris /S/ KENNETH DAVISON Member, Management Board Kenneth Davison /S/ MARK F. BROWN Member, Management Board Mark F. Brown 
 
 51 

Supplemental information to be furnished with reports filed pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, by registrants which have not registered securities pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 The Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority has not sent an annual report or proxy statement to security holders. The Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority will not be sending an annual report or proxy statement to security holders subsequent to the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 52 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority as of 
 September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) and Comprehensive Income (Loss) of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority for the 
 Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Capital of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority for the 
 Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority for the 
 Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 F- 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority 
 F- 9 

F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Management Board of Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority: 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss), changes in capital, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes and the schedule as listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Other Intangible Assets Refer to Notes 2 and 9 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company's gaming licenses are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist, by comparing the fair value of each gaming license to its carrying value. The Company assesses the fair value of its gaming licenses using an income approach, which estimates the fair value using forecasted excess earnings after the discount rate is applied. The key inputs in determining the fair value, among others, include projected revenue, EBITDA, and discount rates. As of September 30, 2021, the carrying value of the gaming licenses are 172 million. 
 
 Auditing the fair value of the Company s gaming licenses involved a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating whether management s estimates and assumptions of projected revenue and EBITDA and the selection of the discount rates used to derive the fair value were reasonable, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 

F-2 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to forecasts of future revenue and EBITDA included the following, among others: 
 We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast future revenues and operating cash flows by comparing actual results to management s historical forecasts. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s revenue and EBITDA by: 
 Comparing to historical results. 
 Comparing to Internal communications to management and the Board of Directors. 
 Comparing to forecasted information included in the Company s press release as well as in analyst and industry reports for the Company and certain of its peer companies. 
 Considering the impact of changes in the regulatory environment on management s projections. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rates by: 
 Testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rates and the mathematical accuracy of the calculations. 
 Developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rates selected by management. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 December 16, 2021 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

F-3 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands) 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 
 Inventories Due from Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation Casino Operating and Services Agreement customer contract asset Other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash and cash equivalents 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Right-of-use operating lease assets 
 Other intangible assets, net 
 Casino Operating and Services Agreement customer contract asset, net of current portion 
 Notes receivable 
 Other assets, net 
 Total assets LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of finance lease obligations Current portion of right-of-use operating lease obligations Trade payables Accrued payroll Construction payables Accrued interest payable Due to Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 Finance lease obligations, net of current portion 
 Right-of-use operating lease obligations, net of current portion 
 Accrued payroll 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Capital: Retained deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total capital attributable to Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority ) ) Non-controlling interests Total capital ) ) Total liabilities and capital 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-4 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 
 For the For the For the Fiscal Year Ended Fiscal Year Ended Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 September 30, 2019 Revenues: Gaming Food and beverage Hotel Retail, entertainment and other Net revenues Operating costs and expenses: Gaming, including related party transactions of , and , respectively 
 Food and beverage Hotel, including related party transactions of , and , respectively 
 Retail, entertainment and other Advertising, general and administrative, including related party transactions of 
 , and , respectively 
 Corporate, including related party transactions of , and , respectively 
 Depreciation and amortization Impairment of Mohegan Sun Pocono's intangible assets Impairment of Mohegan Sun Pocono's goodwill Other, net Total operating costs and expenses Income (loss) from operations ) Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense, net of capitalized interest ) ) ) Loss on modification and early extinguishment of debt, net ) ) Other, net ) Total other expense ) ) ) Income (loss) before income tax ) ) Income tax benefit (provision) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Income attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Other ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CAPITAL 
 (in thousands) 

Retained Earnings (Deficit) Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Capital Attributable to Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority Non-controlling Interests Total Capital Balance, September 30, 2018 Cumulative-effect adjustment for the adoption of ASC 606 "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" 
 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) ) Distributions to Mohegan Tribe ) ) ) Distributions to Mohegan Tribe 
 related to the Cowlitz Project 
 ) ) ) Distributions to Salishan Company, LLC related to the Cowlitz Project 
 ) ) ) Redemption of Mohegan Tribe 
 membership interest related to the Cowlitz Project 
 ) ) ) ) Redemption of membership interest related to the New England Black Wolves franchise 
 ) ) Other Balance, September 30, 2019 ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Contribution from Mohegan Tribe Distributions to Mohegan Tribe ) ) ) Distributions to Salishan Company, LLC related to the Cowlitz Project 
 ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2020 ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Contribution from Mohegan Tribe Distributions to Mohegan Tribe ) ) ) ) Distributions to Salishan Company, LLC related to the Cowlitz Project 
 ) ) ) Other ) ) Balance, September 30, 2021 ) ) ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 For the For the For the Fiscal Year Ended Fiscal Year Ended Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 September 30, 2019 Cash flows provided by operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash flows provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 
 Non-cash operating lease expense 
 Loss on modification and early extinguishment of debt, net Accretion of discounts 
 Amortization of discounts and debt issuance costs 
 Provision for losses on receivables Impairment of Mohegan Sun Pocono's intangible assets 
 Impairment of Mohegan Sun Pocono's goodwill 
 Deferred income taxes 
 ) ) Other, net 
 ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of the MGE Niagara Resorts acquisition: 
 Accounts receivable 
 ) ) Accrued interest on notes receivable related to the Cowlitz Project 
 Inventories 
 ) Due from Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation 
 ) ) Casino Operating and Services Agreement customer contract asset 
 ) ) Other assets 
 ) ) Trade payables 
 Accrued interest 
 Due to Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation 
 ) Operating lease liabilities 
 Other liabilities 
 ) ) Net cash flows provided by operating activities Cash flows used in investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment 
 ) ) ) Acquisition of the MGE Niagara Resorts, net of cash acquired 
 ) ) Proceeds from notes receivable related to the Cowlitz Project Investment in Mohegan Hotel Holding, LLC ) Investments related to Project Inspire ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash flows used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities: New senior secured credit facility borrowings - revolving and line of credit New senior secured credit facility repayments - revolving and line of credit ) Prior senior secured credit facility borrowings - revolving and line of credit Prior senior secured credit facility repayments - revolving and line of credit ) ) ) Prior senior secured credit facility repayments - term loans A and B ) ) ) Proceeds from Main Street term loan facility, net of discounts Repayment of Main Street term loan facility ) Proceeds from issuance of senior secured notes MGE Niagara credit facility borrowings - revolving and swingline MGE Niagara credit facility repayments - revolving and swingline ) ) MGE Niagara credit facility borrowings - term loan MGE Niagara credit facility repayments - term loan ) ) ) Proceeds from Mohegan Tribe subordinated loan 
 F-7 

Repayment of Mohegan Tribe subordinated loan ) Payments on redemption note payable ) ) ) Proceeds from MGE Niagara convertible debenture Other borrowings Other repayments ) ) ) Payments on finance lease obligations ) ) ) Contributions from Mohegan Tribe Distributions to Mohegan Tribe ) ) ) Distributions to Mohegan Tribe related to the Cowlitz Project 
 ) Distributions to Salishan Company, LLC related to the Cowlitz Project ) ) ) Redemption of Mohegan Tribe membership interest related to the Cowlitz Project ) Payments of financing fees ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents 
 ) Effect of exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents 
 ) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents at end of year 
 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents to the consolidated balance sheets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents, current Restricted cash and cash equivalents, non-current Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents 
 Supplemental disclosures: Cash paid for interest Non-cash transactions: Right-of-use operating lease assets additions (reductions) ) Right-of-use operating lease obligations additions (reductions) ) Finance lease assets and obligations 
 Construction payables Prior senior secured credit facility reductions MGE Niagara Resorts - recognition (derecognition) 
 of build-to-suit asset and liability 
 ) MGE Niagara Resorts - recognition of parking license asset and liability 
 Payment by a third party for interactive gaming and sports wagering licenses 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 
 facilities in the United States and operates or manages facilities in the United States and Canada. It is also currently developing a facility in South Korea. 
 Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a global pandemic and the United States federal government declared it a national emergency. The spread of COVID-19 has affected most segments of the global economy, including the Company s operations. In March 2020, the Company temporarily suspended operations at its North American owned, operated and managed properties to ensure the health and safety of its employees, guests and the surrounding communities in which the Company operates, consistent with directives from various government bodies. Following these closures, the Company reopened its properties as follows: (i) ilani Casino Resort in May 2020, (ii) Mohegan Sun in June 2020, (iii) Mohegan Sun Pocono in June 2020, (iv) Resorts Casino Hotel in July 2020 and (v) the MGE Niagara Resorts in July 2021. Mohegan Sun Pocono was again temporarily closed from December 12, 2020, through January 3, 2021, due to a resurgence of COVID-19 at that time. In addition, the initial opening of Mohegan Sun Las Vegas was delayed until March 2021. 
 COVID-19 has had a significant impact on the Company's operations, the full extent of which depends on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. Such developments include the following: 
 the duration of COVID-19 or the extent of any resurgence or variants of COVID-19; 
 the manner in which the Company's guests, suppliers and other third parties respond to COVID-19, including the perception of safety and health measures taken by the Company; 
 new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain or treat it; 
 general economic conditions; and 
 consumer confidence. 
 Accordingly, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the extent to which COVID-19 will further impact its future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

NOTE 2 
 F-9 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

years Furniture and equipment - years 
 
 The costs of significant improvements are capitalized. Costs of normal repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. 
 
 F-10 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

F-11 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

-year Casino Operating and Services Agreement with the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation. Pursuant to the laws of Canada and Ontario, the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation retains legal authority to conduct and manage lottery schemes on behalf of the Ontario government. MGE Niagara is acting as a service provider to the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation under the Casino Operating and Services Agreement and, therefore, recognizes gaming revenues net of amounts due to the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation. MGE Niagara retains all non-gaming revenues and recognizes these amounts on a gross basis. The Casino Operating and Services Agreement represents a series of distinct goods and services and, therefore, is deemed to be a single performance obligation. The transaction price under the Casino Operating and Services Agreement includes both fixed and variable consideration. The fixed consideration is comprised of an annual service provider fee and additional consideration for permitted capital expenditures up to an annual cap. The fixed consideration is recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the Casino Operating and Services Agreement. The variable consideration consists of of Gaming Revenues (as defined under the Casino Operating and Services Agreement), in excess of a guaranteed annual minimum amount payable to the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation (the Threshold ). Annual Threshold amounts are contractually established and vary from year to year. If gaming revenues are less than the Threshold for any given year, the Company is obligated to make a payment to cover the related shortfall. The variable consideration is recognized as revenue as services are rendered under the terms of the Casino Operating and Services Agreement. The Company measures its progress in satisfying this performance obligation based on the output method, which aligns with the benefits provided to the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation. Projected revenues are estimated based on the most likely amount within a range of possible outcomes to the extent that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenues recognized is not probable of occurring. The difference between revenues recognized and cash received is recorded as an asset or a liability and classified as short-term or long-term based upon the anticipated timing of reversal. In the event an asset is recorded, such asset is assessed at least annually for impairment. 
 replacement of the annual Threshold, subject to certain conditions, with a fixed revenue share percentage. The annual Threshold may be reinstated at any time during this period under certain conditions specified in the amended Casino Operating and Services Agreement. 
 
 F-12 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Food and beverage ) Hotel ) Retail, entertainment and other Management and development 
 Net revenues 
 _________ 
 (1) Mohegan Sun Las Vegas opened to the public on March 25, 2021. 
 (2) Gaming revenues represent revenues earned under the Casino Operating and Services Agreement. 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2020 Connecticut Pennsylvania Nevada Canada (Mohegan Sun) (Mohegan Sun Pocono) (Mohegan Sun 
 Las Vegas) (1) 
 (MGE 
 Niagara Resorts) (2) 
 Other Gaming Food and beverage ) Hotel ) Retail, entertainment and other Management and development 
 Net revenues 
 _________ 
 (1) Mohegan Sun Las Vegas did not open to the public until March 25, 2021. 
 (2) Gaming revenues represent revenues earned under the Casino Operating and Services Agreement. 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2019 Connecticut Pennsylvania Nevada Canada (Mohegan Sun) (Mohegan Sun Pocono) (Mohegan Sun 
 Las Vegas) (1) 
 (MGE 
 Niagara Resorts) (2) 
 Other Gaming Food and beverage ) Hotel ) Retail, entertainment and other Management and development 
 Net revenues 
 _________ 
 (1) Mohegan Sun Las Vegas did not open to the public until March 25, 2021. 
 (2) Gaming revenues represent revenues earned under the Casino Operating and Services Agreement. 
 
 Contract and Contract-related Assets 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, contract assets related to the Casino Operating and Services Agreement totaled million and million, respectively. 
 Contract and Contract-related Liabilities 
 A difference may exist between the timing of cash receipts from patrons and the recognition of revenues, resulting in a contract or contract-related liability. In general, the Company has three types of such liabilities: (1) outstanding gaming chips 
 F-13 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Loyalty points deferred revenue liability Patron advances and other liability Total 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, customer contract liabilities related to Mohegan Sun Pocono's revenue sharing agreement with Unibet Interactive Inc. Unibet totaled million and million, respectively, and were primarily recorded within other long-term liabilities. Unibet, a subsidiary of the Kindred Group, paid certain interactive gaming license fees to the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board (the PGCB on behalf of Mohegan Sun Pocono and became licensed as a sports wagering and interactive gaming operator by the PGCB. The Company recorded these license fees, which are reimbursable to Unibet under certain conditions, as intangible assets with corresponding customer contract liabilities as Unibet is deemed to be a customer of Mohegan Sun Pocono with respect to these gaming activities. 

million, million and million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 million, million and million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and were recorded within other, net. 
 F-14 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Earth Hotel Tower 
 In January 2020, the Company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, purchased a interest in Mohegan Hotel Holding, LLC, the indirect owner of the Earth Hotel Tower, in exchange for million, which the Company believes represented the fair market value of the investment. A portion of the consideration paid, totaling million, was advanced to Mohegan Hotel Holding, LLC in fiscal 2019. 

F-15 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Line of credit (1) 
 2021 senior secured notes (1) 
 2016 7 7/8 senior unsecured notes (1) 
 MGE Niagara credit facility - revolving (1) 
 MGE Niagara credit facility - swingline (1) 
 MGE Niagara credit facility - term loan (1) 
 MGE Niagara convertible debenture (2) 
 Mohegan Expo credit facility (3) 
 Guaranteed credit facility (3) 
 Redemption note payable (3) 
 Other (3) 
 Long-term debt 
 
 ________ 
 (1) Estimated fair values were based on Level 2 inputs (quoted market prices or prices of similar instruments) as of September 30, 2021. 
 (2) Estimated fair value was based on Level 3 inputs (changes in market conditions) from date of issuance (June 11, 2019) to September 30, 2021. 
 (3) Estimated fair values were based on Level 3 inputs (present value of future payments discounted to carrying value) as of September 30, 2021. 
 F-16 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 3 

NOTE 4 
 -seat Niagara Falls Entertainment Centre, all in Niagara Falls, Canada. On June 11, 2019 (the Closing Date ), MGE Niagara completed the acquisition of the MGE Niagara Resorts (the Acquisition ), assumed the day-to-day operations of the properties and engaged in a series of related transactions, including: 
 an agreement to lease the Fallsview Casino Resort facility and related administrative office space for million Canadian dollars million as of September 30, 2021) per month until March 2040. On June 18, 2021, the Casino Operating and Services Agreement was amended to provide for, among other things, a change in the payment schedule for lease payments which were originally due during the closure of the Fallsview Casino Resort facility (refer to Note 11). 
 an agreement to lease the Casino Niagara facility and license agreements for the right to operate an adjacent parking lot and the right for patrons to use an adjacent parking garage for approximately Canadian dollars (approximately as of September 30, 2021) per month until March 2040. 
 F-17 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Canadian dollars (approximately as of September 30, 2021) per month until March 2040. 
 As of the Closing Date, the purchase price of the Acquisition was approximately million Canadian dollars (approximately million), net of cash acquired of approximately million Canadian dollars (approximately million). During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, the Company recorded adjustments to the purchase price of the Acquisition totaling million Canadian dollars million), net of cash acquired of approximately Canadian dollars (approximately ). MGE Niagara funded the Acquisition with proceeds from borrowings under a million Canadian dollar term loan facility, the issuance of a million Canadian dollar convertible debenture to a third-party investor and a million Canadian dollar investment by the Company. The Acquisition was accounted for as a purchase of a business under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with guidance provided by ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations . 
 
 Inventories Other current assets Property and equipment Intangible asset Due to Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation Other current liabilities ) Total 
 
 F-18 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 5 
 of Salishan-Mohegan, LLC Salishan-Mohegan ), which developed and currently manages ilani Casino Resort in Clark County, Washington (the Cowlitz Project ), a gaming and entertainment facility owned by the federally-recognized Cowlitz Indian Tribe and the Cowlitz Tribal Gaming Authority. The Cowlitz Project opened in April 2017. Salishan-Mohegan, along with Salishan Company, LLC Salishan Company ), an unrelated entity, also holds the development rights to any future development at ilani Casino Resort. 
 Under the terms of Salishan-Mohegan's development agreements, development fees of million, million and were earned for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Under the terms of Salishan-Mohegan's management agreement, Salishan-Mohegan manages, operates and maintains the casino resort through May 2024 for a fee representing of Net Revenues, as defined under the management agreement. Management fees earned by Salishan-Mohegan totaled million, million and million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 F-19 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 6 
 of MGNV, LLC MGNV ), which was formed to operate Mohegan Sun Las Vegas. In July 2019, MGNV entered into a casino lease agreement with JC Hospitality, LLC, which developed the former Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, into an integrated resort under the Virgin Hotels brand, which includes Mohegan Sun Las Vegas. Pursuant to the lease agreement, MGNV leases and operates the more than -square-foot gaming facility at the integrated resort. On March 25, 2021, Mohegan Sun Las Vegas opened to the public. During the initial term of this lease agreement, the Company is required to make annual minimum rent payments of million, subject to escalators which could result in annual minimum rent payments of up to million, plus consumer price index inflators and additional common area maintenance fees. Annual minimum rent payments commence upon the first anniversary of the Lease Commencement Date, as defined under the lease agreement, and continue until the end of the lease term, which concludes in 2041, subject to additional extensions at MGNV's option. This lease is classified as a finance lease. Accordingly, the Company recorded a related finance lease asset and liability. 

NOTE 7 
 of Inspire Integrated Resort Co., Ltd. Inspire Integrated Resort and MGA Korea, LLC, which were formed for the development, construction ownership and operation of Project Inspire. In February 2016, Inspire Integrated Resort was awarded pre-approval for a foreigner-only gaming license to be issued upon completion of the construction of Project Inspire. In August 2016, Inspire Integrated Resort entered into an agreement with the Incheon International Airport Authority for the long-term lease and development of land at the project site adjacent to the airport. Portions of the parcel of land covered by the lease will be released to Inspire Integrated Resort for development as the various phases of the project are approved by local authorities. Rental payments for each phase commence upon their respective Initial Operation Commencement Date, as defined under the agreement, and will be based upon the governmentally appraised value of the project at such time. The overall term of the lease ends on the date which is the fiftieth anniversary of the Operation Commencement Date, as defined under the agreement, with a renewal option for an additional years. 
 In March 2019, the Company received the necessary approvals for the initial phase of the project and, as a result, it was granted control of the related portion of the overall parcel of land. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the lease term for this portion of land commenced on such date and the Company began recognizing rental expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Rental expense totaled million, million and million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and was recorded within pre-opening costs and expenses. 
 On November 29, 2021, the Company announced that certain of its subsidiaries, including Inspire Integrated Resort, entered into financing arrangements for aggregate funding in the amount of approximately billion, to be used for Phase 1 of the development of Project Inspire (refer to Note 17). 
 F-20 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 8 
 Land improvements Buildings and improvements Furniture and equipment Construction in process (1) 
 Subtotal Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 __________ 
 million and million, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, finance lease assets totaled million and million, respectively. Depreciation expense totaled million, million and million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 In fiscal 2019, the Company made an out-of-period correction, which increased depreciation and amortization expense by million. This adjustment resulted from the assignment, in a prior year, of an incorrect useful life to depreciate a long lived asset related to tenant allowances. In fiscal 2019, the Company also committed to a plan to repurpose the Casino of the Wind at Mohegan Sun. In connection with this decision, the Company determined that certain assets related to the Casino of the Wind had no alternative future use. Accordingly, depreciation on these assets was accelerated, which increased depreciation and amortization expense by million. 

NOTE 9 
 Mohegan Sun Pocono slot machine, table game, interactive gaming and sports wagering licenses (1) 
 MGE Niagara Resorts Casino Operating and Services Agreement rights (2) 
 Other Subtotal Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Other intangible assets, net 
 __________ 
 (1) Indefinite lives. 
 (2) -year useful life. 
 Amortization expense totaled million, million and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 . As a result of this interim assessment, the Company recorded an impairment charge related to Mohegan Sun Pocono s intangible assets of million in the second quarter of fiscal 2020. 
 
 F-21 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 10 
 Line of Credit Prior Senior Secured Credit Facility - Revolving Prior Senior Secured Credit Facility - Term Loan A, net of discount and debt issuance costs of 
 Prior Senior Secured Credit Facility - Term Loan B, net of discount and debt issuance costs of 
 2021 Senior Secured Notes, net of discount and debt issuance costs of 
 2016 7 7/8 Senior Unsecured Notes, net of discount and debt issuance costs of and , respectively 
 MGE Niagara Credit Facility - Revolving MGE Niagara Credit Facility - Swingline MGE Niagara Credit Facility - Term Loan, net of debt issuance costs of and , respectively 
 MGE Niagara Convertible Debenture Mohegan Expo Credit Facility, net of debt issuance costs of and , respectively 
 Guaranteed Credit Facility, net of debt issuance costs of and , respectively 
 Mohegan Tribe Subordinated Loan Redemption Note Payable, net of discount of and , respectively 
 Other Long-term debt Less: current portion of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total 
 Refinancing Transactions 
 On January 26, 2021, the Company completed a series of refinancing transactions, including (i) the entry into a new senior secured credit facility, (ii) issuance of new senior secured notes, (iii) prepayment of its prior Senior Secured Credit Facilities, (iv) prepayment of its Main Street Term Loan Facility and (v) repayment of the Mohegan Tribe Subordinated Loan. The Company incurred million in costs in connection with these refinancing transactions. Previously deferred debt issuance costs and debt discounts totaling million and new transaction costs of million were recorded as a loss on modification and early extinguishment of debt. New debt issuance costs totaling million were capitalized and will be amortized over the term of the related debt. The remaining million in new debt issuance costs was reflected as debt discount and will be amortized over the term of the related debt. 
 New Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 On January 26, 2021, the Company entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement among the Company, the Mohegan Tribe, Citizens Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other lenders and financial institutions party thereto, 
 F-22 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million senior secured revolving credit facility (the New Senior Secured Credit Facility ). The New Senior Secured Credit Facility matures on April 14, 2023. 
 The initial draw under the New Senior Secured Credit Facility, together with proceeds from the 2021 Senior Secured Notes (defined below), was used to (i) prepay all amounts outstanding under the prior Senior Secured Credit Facilities, (ii) prepay all amounts outstanding under the Main Street Term Loan Facility, (iii) repay the Mohegan Tribe Subordinated Loan and (iv) pay related fees and expenses. The New Senior Secured Credit Facility will otherwise be available for general corporate purposes. 
 Borrowings under the New Senior Secured Credit Facility bear interest as follows: (i) for base rate loans, a base rate equal to the highest of (x) the prime rate, (y) the federal funds rate plus basis points and (z) the one-month LIBOR rate plus basis points (the highest of (x), (y) and (z), the base rate ), plus a leverage-based margin of to basis points; and (ii) for Eurodollar rate loans, the applicable LIBOR rate (subject to a LIBOR floor) plus a leverage-based margin of to basis points. The Company is also required to pay a leverage-based undrawn commitment fee on the New Senior Secured Credit Facility of between and basis points. Interest on Eurodollar rate loans is payable in arrears at the end of each applicable interest period, but not less frequently than quarterly. Interest on base rate advances is payable quarterly in arrears. 
 As of September 30, 2021, outstanding borrowings under the New Senior Secured Credit Facility accrue interest at . The leverage-based undrawn commitment fee was basis points as of September 30, 2021. 
 As of September 30, 2021, letters of credit issued under the New Senior Secured Credit Facility totaled million. The Company had million of borrowing capacity under the New Senior Secured Credit Facility as of September 30, 2021, after factoring in outstanding letters of credit. 
 The New Senior Secured Credit Facility is fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by each of Downs Racing, L.P., Backside, L.P., Mill Creek Land, L.P., Northeast Concessions, L.P., Mohegan Commercial Ventures PA, LLC, Mohegan Basketball Club LLC, Mohegan Ventures-Northwest, LLC, Mohegan Golf, LLC, Mohegan Digital, LLC, Mohegan Digital Services, LLC, MGNV Holding, LLC and MGNV, LLC (the Guarantors and the Guarantors other than Mohegan Basketball Club LLC, the Grantors ). The New Senior Secured Credit Facility is secured on a first priority senior secured basis by collateral constituting substantially all of the Company s and Grantors assets. In the future, certain other subsidiaries of the Company may be required to become Guarantors and/or Grantors in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and related loan documents. 
 The Credit Agreement contains certain customary covenants applicable to the Company and its restricted subsidiaries, including covenants governing: incurrence of indebtedness, incurrence of liens, payment of dividends and other distributions, investments, asset sales, affiliate transactions and mergers or consolidations. Additionally, the Credit Agreement includes financial maintenance covenants pertaining to total leverage, secured leverage and fixed charge coverage, as well as a minimum liquidity covenant under certain conditions. The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, failure to make payments, breach of covenants and breach of representations. 
 Line of Credit 
 On January 26, 2021, in connection with the New Senior Secured Credit Facility, the Company entered into a million revolving credit facility with Bank of America, N.A. (the Line of Credit ). The Line of Credit is coterminous with the New Senior Secured Credit Facility. Pursuant to provisions of the New Senior Secured Credit Facility, under certain circumstances, the Line of Credit may be converted into loans under the New Senior Secured Credit Facility. Each advance accrues interest at a base rate plus a spread. As of September 30, 2021, outstanding borrowings under the Line of Credit accrue interest at . The Line of Credit contains negative covenants and financial maintenance covenants that are substantially the same as those contained in the New Senior Secured Credit Facility. 
 2021 Senior Secured Notes 
 On January 26, 2021, the Company issued billion second priority senior secured notes with interest at per annum (the 2021 Senior Secured Notes ). The 2021 Senior Secured Notes mature on the earlier of February 1, 2026 and the Springing Maturity Date (as defined in the 2021 Senior Secured Notes indenture). Interest on the 2021 Senior Secured Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 1 and August 1. 
 The proceeds from the 2021 Senior Secured Notes were used as described above. 
 F-23 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

of the principal amount of the 2021 Senior Secured Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption, and a make-whole premium (as described in the 2021 Senior Secured Notes indenture). In addition, the Company may, during the twelve-month period commencing on the issue date of the 2021 Senior Secured Notes and during the twelve-month period subsequent to such initial twelve-month period and prior to February 1, 2023, redeem in each such twelve-month period up to of the initial aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Senior Secured Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount of the 2021 Senior Secured Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption, provided that if the Company does not redeem of the initial aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Senior Secured Notes during the initial twelve-month period commencing on the issue date of the 2021 Senior Secured Notes, the Company may, in the subsequent twelve-month period prior to February 1, 2023, redeem the 2021 Senior Secured Notes in an amount that does not exceed of the initial aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Senior Secured Notes plus the difference between (i) of the initial aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Senior Secured Notes and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of any 2021 Senior Secured Notes redeemed during such initial twelve-month period. On or after February 1, 2023, the Company may redeem some or all of the 2021 Senior Secured Notes at prices set forth in the 2021 Senior Secured Notes indenture plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption. 
 The 2021 Senior Secured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by each of the Guarantors and will be guaranteed by each other restricted subsidiary of the Company that becomes a guarantor in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Senior Secured Notes. The 2021 Senior Secured Notes are secured on a second priority senior secured basis by collateral constituting substantially all of the Company s and Grantors assets. 
 The 2021 Senior Secured Notes indenture contains certain customary covenants, including in respect of the Company s and its restricted subsidiaries ability to incur additional debt, pay dividends or distributions, make certain investments, create liens on assets, enter into transactions with affiliates, merge or consolidate with another company or sell assets. The 2021 Senior Secured Notes indenture includes customary events of default, including, but not limited to, failure to make required payments and failure to comply with certain covenants. 
 2016 7 7 / 8 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 In October 2016, the Company issued million senior unsecured notes with interest at per annum (the 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes ). The 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes mature on October 15, 2024. Interest on the 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15. 
 Prior to October 15, 2019, the Company could have redeemed the 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes, in whole or in part, at a price equal to of the principal amount of the 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption and a make-whole premium. The 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes are redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after October 15, 2019, at specified redemption prices, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption. If the Company experiences specific kinds of change-of-control triggering events, it is required to make an offer to repurchase the 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. Additionally, if the Company undertakes specific kinds of asset sales and does not use the related sale proceeds for specified purposes, the Company may be required to offer to repurchase the 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In certain circumstances, if any gaming regulatory authority requires a holder or beneficial owner of the 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes to be licensed, qualified or found suitable under applicable gaming laws, and such holder or beneficial owner does not obtain such license, qualification or finding of suitability within a specified time, the Company can require such holder or beneficial owner to dispose of its 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes or call for redemption of the 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes held by such holder or beneficial owner at a price equal to accrued and unpaid interest, if any, plus the lesser of of the principal amount thereof or the price paid for such notes by such holder or beneficial owner. 
 The 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes are unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Company, and are guaranteed by certain of the Company s restricted subsidiaries. 
 The 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes indenture contains certain covenants that, subject to certain significant exceptions, limit, among other things, the Company s and certain of its restricted subsidiaries ability to incur additional debt, pay dividends or distributions, make certain investments, create liens on assets, enter into transactions with affiliates, merge or consolidate with another company or transfer and sell assets. The 2016 Senior Unsecured Notes indenture also includes events of default, including, but not limited to, failure to make required payments, failure to comply with certain agreements or 
 F-24 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million Canadian dollars million as of September 30, 2021) (the MGE Niagara Revolving Facility ), a swingline facility in the amount of up to million Canadian dollars million as of September 30, 2021) (the MGE Niagara Swingline Facility and a term loan facility in the amount of million Canadian dollars million as of September 30, 2021) (the MGE Niagara Term Loan Facility ). The MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement also reduced the Letter of Credit Sub-Limit under the MGE Niagara Revolving Facility to million Canadian dollars million as of September 30, 2021). Availability under the MGE Niagara Revolving Facility and the MGE Niagara Swingline Facility is determined based on Province of Ontario-approved gaming capacity levels as set forth in the MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement. 
 The MGE Niagara Credit Facilities mature on June 10, 2024. The MGE Niagara Term Loan Facility is repayable, in quarterly installments, at a rate of million Canadian dollars million as of September 30, 2021) per annum, commencing September 30, 2019. 
 Borrowings under the MGE Niagara Credit Facilities accrue interest at a base rate plus a spread. MGE Niagara is also required to pay a leverage-based Undrawn Fee under the MGE Niagara Revolving Facility of between and basis points. The MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement adjusted the Applicable Margin and Undrawn Fee (each as defined in the MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement) to provide for an additional pricing level, commencing from the closing date of the MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement until the end of the Initial Retesting Quarter (as defined in the MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement), which Initial Retesting Quarter commences with the first full fiscal quarter where gaming capacity is equal to or greater than for the entirety of such fiscal quarter, or during any voluntary or involuntary closing period, as follows: (i) Bankers Acceptances, Letters of Credit, LIBOR Loans and CDOR Loans equal to basis points, (ii) Prime Rate Loans and USBR Loans equal to basis points and (iii) Undrawn Fee equal to basis points. 
 As of September 30, 2021, outstanding borrowings under the MGE Niagara Revolving Facility, the MGE Niagara Swingline Facility and the MGE Niagara Term Loan Facility accrue interest at , and , respectively. As of September 30, 2021, the Undrawn Fee under the MGE Niagara Revolving Facility was basis points. 
 As of September 30, 2021, letters of credit issued under the MGE Niagara Revolving Facility totaled Canadian dollars million as of September 30, 2021). MGE Niagara had Canadian dollars million as of September 30, 2021) of borrowing capacity under the MGE Niagara Revolving Facility and MGE Niagara Swingline Facility as of September 30, 2021, after factoring in outstanding letters of credit and limitations under the MGE Niagara Credit Agreement in place at that time due to gaming capacity restrictions. 
 MGE Niagara is an unrestricted subsidiary under the Company s existing credit facilities and indentures and the MGE Niagara Credit Facilities are non-recourse to the Company and its restricted subsidiaries thereunder. 
 The MGE Niagara Credit Facilities are secured by, among other things, substantially all of the properties and assets of MGE Niagara, subject to certain customary exceptions, as well as by a pledge of (i) all of the issued and outstanding shares of MGE Niagara and (ii) a convertible debenture held by a third-party investor. 
 The MGE Niagara Credit Agreement contains customary covenants applicable to MGE Niagara, including covenants governing: incurrence of indebtedness, incurrence of liens, payment of dividends and other distributions, asset sales, acquisitions and investments, affiliate transactions and fundamental changes. The MGE Niagara Credit Agreement also includes financial maintenance covenants pertaining to total leverage and fixed charge coverage. In addition, the MGE Niagara Credit Agreement contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, failure to make payments, breach of covenants and breach of representations. 
 The MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement amended the financial maintenance covenants applicable to MGE Niagara as follows: (i) during any Closure Period (as defined in the MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement), (a) minimum 
 F-25 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million Canadian dollars million as of September 30, 2021) and (b) minimum monthly contractual payments from the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation in the amount of million Canadian dollars million as of September 30, 2021); (ii) after a reopening of the MGE Niagara Resorts, minimum liquidity in the amount of million Canadian dollars million as of September 30, 2021), tested weekly until such time as the MGE Niagara Resorts have been open for twelve consecutive months, and then monthly for an additional thereafter; (iii) commencing with the first full month after the Gaming Capacity Start Date (as defined in the MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement), until a trailing test is achieved (annualized as provided under the terms of the MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement), minimum monthly Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement) of not less than :1.00 (once testing of consecutive fiscal quarters is achieved without any closure of the MGE Niagara Resorts, such covenant to be tested quarterly); and (iv) commencing with the Initial Retesting Quarter, maximum Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement) tested quarterly and determined on a consolidated trailing basis (annualized as provided under the terms of the MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement) initially set at :1.00, then stepping down to :1.00 commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2023 and :1.00 commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2024. 
 
 The MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement also restricts Permitted Management and Consulting Fees and other Distributions (as defined in the MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement) to those permitted by lender consent until (i) the completion of consecutive fiscal quarters demonstrating compliance with the maximum Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement) and (ii) a Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the MGE Niagara Amended Credit Agreement) of less than :1.00 for the most recent consecutive fiscal quarters. 
 MGE Niagara Convertible Debenture 
 In June 2019, MGE Niagara issued a convertible debenture (the MGE Niagara Convertible Debenture to a third-party investor (the "Convertible Debenture Holder") in an aggregate principal amount of million Canadian dollars million as of September 30, 2021). The MGE Niagara Convertible Debenture is convertible, at the option of the Convertible Debenture Holder, between the fourth and sixth anniversaries of the Closing Date, into Class B Special shares representing of the capital of MGE Niagara. The Class B Special shares will be similar in nature to the existing Common shares. The MGE Niagara Convertible Debenture accrues interest at an annual rate of prior to the sixth anniversary of the Closing Date and thereafter, compounded annually. The first interest payment is payable on June 11, 2022, with annual payments due thereafter. Repayment of the outstanding principal, plus any accrued interest, is due following the expiration or the termination of the Casino Operating and Services Agreement. If the MGE Niagara Convertible Debenture is not converted as of the sixth anniversary of the Closing Date, either MGE Niagara or the Convertible Debenture Holder may elect early repayment of half of the principal outstanding as of such date. 
 Mohegan Expo Credit Facility 
 In April 2017, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Mohegan Expo Center, LLC Mohegan Expo ), entered into a loan agreement with certain third-party lenders providing for a million tax-exempt senior secured multi-draw term loan with an million increase option (the Mohegan Expo Credit Facility ). In September 2017, Mohegan Expo exercised the Mohegan Expo Credit Facility increase option. The proceeds from the Mohegan Expo Credit Facility were used to partially finance the construction of an million exposition and convention center (the Earth Expo Convention Center ). The Earth Expo Convention Center opened in May 2018. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, Mohegan Expo generated net revenues totaling million, million and million, respectively, and loss from operations totaling million, million and , respectively. 
 The Mohegan Expo Credit Facility matures on April 1, 2022. The Mohegan Expo Credit Facility is repayable with an initial payment of million for the period from April 18, 2018 through September 30, 2018 commencing on October 1, 2018 and in quarterly installments, at a rate of million per annum, thereafter. As of September 30, 2021, outstanding borrowings under the Mohegan Expo Credit Facility accrue interest at . Mohegan Expo is required to maintain a debt service reserve in a designated account under the Mohegan Expo Credit Facility. 
 The Mohegan Expo Credit Facility is a senior secured obligation of Mohegan Expo, collateralized by all existing and future assets of Mohegan Expo. The Mohegan Expo Credit Facility subjects Mohegan Expo to certain covenant requirements. 
 Guaranteed Credit Facility 
 In September 2018, the Company entered into a loan agreement with certain third-party lenders providing for a million term loan secured by a loan guarantee by the Department of the Interior, Assistant Secretary Indian Affairs, Division of Capital Investment (the Guaranteed Credit Facility ), pursuant to the Indian Loan Guaranty, Insurance and Interest Subsidy Program (the BIA Loan Guaranty Program ). In October 2018, the Company entered into a follow-on loan 
 F-26 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million term loan under the BIA Loan Guaranty Program. This additional term loan completed the allocation to the Company of million in guaranteed term loans under the BIA Loan Guaranty Program. The proceeds from the Guaranteed Credit Facility were used to reimburse certain costs relating to the Earth Expo Convention Center. 
 The Guaranteed Credit Facility matures on October 1, 2023. The Guaranteed Credit Facility is repayable, in quarterly installments, at a rate of million per annum, commencing January 1, 2019. As of September 30, 2021, outstanding borrowings under the Guaranteed Credit Facility accrue interest at . 
 The Guaranteed Credit Facility subjects the Company to certain covenant requirements. 
 Redemption Note Payable 
 million (the Redemption Price ), which was determined by binding arbitration. The Redemption Price represented a million redemption liability based on the present value of the Redemption Price, utilizing the Company s credit adjusted risk-free investment rate. The amount of the redemption liability approximated the carrying value of Salishan Company's membership interest at the redemption date and, accordingly, no gain or loss was recorded in connection with this transaction. The redemption liability is payable through a promissory note (the Redemption Note Payable issued by Salishan-Mohegan. The Redemption Note Payable is payable in monthly installments of million over a period, commencing in May 2019. The Company recognizes interest expense relating to the amortization of discount to the Redemption Price, utilizing the effective yield method. 

NOTE 11 
 to years and do not contain any material residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. Rental payments under these lease agreements are fixed and/or variable based on periodic adjustments for inflation, performance, usage or appraised land values. Variable components of lease payments are not included in the calculation of right-of-use assets and liabilities. 
 The Company s lease arrangements contain both lease and non-lease components. For instances in which the Company is a lessee, the Company accounts for both lease and non-lease components as a single lease component for substantially all classes of underlying assets (primarily real estate and equipment). Leases with an expected or initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Finance leases 
 Weighted average discount rates: Operating leases Finance leases 

F-27 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Short-term lease expense Variable lease expense Finance lease expense: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Less: sublease income (1) ) ) Total 
 _________ 
 (1) Represents income earned by the Company from the rental of hotel, convention or retail space at the MGE Niagara Resorts and the Earth Hotel Tower at Mohegan Sun, both of which are leased properties. 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to lease liabilities is as follows (in thousands): 
 For the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Payments on operating lease obligations 
 Payments for interest on finance lease obligations 
 Payments on finance lease obligations 
 Total 

2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less: amounts representing interest ) ) Plus: residual values Present value of future lease payments Less: current portion of lease obligations ) ) Lease obligations, net of current portion 
 
 On June 18, 2021, the Casino Operating and Services Agreement was amended to provide for, among other things, a change in the payment schedule for fixed and variable lease payments relating to the Fallsview Casino Resort facility, which were originally due during the closure of the MGE Niagara Resorts, to the last of the lease term. As of June 18, 2021, fixed and variable lease payments owed to the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation were recorded within current portion of right-of-use operating lease obligations and due to Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation. This change was accounted for as a lease modification and, accordingly, as of June 18, 2021, resulted in a reduction in right-of-use operating lease assets of million and corresponding reductions in current portion of right-of-use operating lease obligations, due to Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation and right-of-use operating lease obligations, net of current portion of million, million and million, respectively. 
 Lessor 
 The Company leases space at its facilities to third parties. Remaining lease terms for these non-cancelable operating leases range from approximately to years. Rental income under these lease agreements is fixed and/or variable 
 F-28 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Variable rent Total 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total 
 
 Due to the evolving nature of COVID-19 and the related economic uncertainties, the Company cannot be certain that the contractual future fixed rental income presented above will be realized in its entirety. 
 
 Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 

F-29 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 12 
 million, million and million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 The Company purchases most of its utilities, including electricity, gas, water and waste water services, from an instrumentality of the Mohegan Tribe. The Company incurred costs for such utilities totaling million, million and million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 Leases 
 The Company leases the land on which Mohegan Sun is located from the Mohegan Tribe under a long-term lease agreement. The current term of years, which commenced in October 2016, is renewable by the Company for an additional years upon expiration. The lease agreement requires the Company to make a nominal annual rental payment. 
 The Company also leases the Earth Hotel Tower from a subsidiary of the Mohegan Tribe. The Company incurred rental expense relating to this lease totaling million for each of the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

NOTE 13 
 , up to the first of participants eligible compensation contributed to the 401(k) portion of the plan. The Company temporarily suspended its discretionary matching contributions from April 13, 2020 through July 27, 2020 in an effort to reduce costs to mitigate the operating and financial impact of COVID-19. The Company contributed million, million and million, net of forfeitures, to the Mohegan Retirement and 401(k) Plan for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 The Company, together with the Mohegan Tribe, offers a non-qualified deferred compensation plan for certain key employees (the Mohegan Deferred Compensation Plan ). As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the balance under the Mohegan Deferred Compensation Plan totaled million and million, respectively. The related asset and liability are recorded within other current assets and other current liabilities, respectively. 
 The Company, together with the Mohegan Tribe, offers a benefit plan for certain eligible employees (the Mohegan Benefit Plan ). The Mohegan Benefit Plan is sponsored by the Mohegan Tribe for the benefit of participants who authorize the purchase of life insurance policies as a means of providing certain life insurance benefits to the participants and their spouses as joint insured. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the balance under the Mohegan Benefit Plan totaled million and million, respectively, and is recorded within other assets, net. 
 
 F-30 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 14 
 ) Foreign ) ) ) Income (loss) before income tax ) ) 
 State ) ) ) Foreign Total ) ) ) Non-current: Federal State Foreign ) Total ) Income tax benefit (provision) ) 
 The components of deferred income tax benefit or provision result from various temporary differences and relate to items included in the consolidated statements of income or loss. 
 Right-of-use lease liabilities Accumulated book depreciation in excess of tax depreciation Other Total Deferred income tax liabilities: Casino Operating and Services Agreement customer contract asset ) ) Right-of-use lease assets ) ) Other ) Total ) ) Deferred income tax asset (1) 
 __________ 
 (1) Recorded within other assets, net. 
 million for Canadian tax purposes for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. This net operating income will be offset by past net operating losses. The remaining loss carryforward of million will be available to offset future taxable income through March 31, 2041. 
 
 F-31 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 15 
 separate reportable segments: (i) Mohegan Sun, which includes the operations of the Connecticut Facilities, (ii) Mohegan Sun Pocono, which includes the operations of the Pennsylvania Facilities, (iii) the MGE Niagara Resorts and (iv) management, development and other. Certain other gaming and entertainment operations all other ), which are not individually reportable segments, 
 Mohegan Sun Pocono MGE Niagara Resorts Management, development and other All other Corporate Inter-segment ) ) Total Income (loss) from operations: Mohegan Sun Mohegan Sun Pocono (1) (2) ) ) MGE Niagara Resorts ) ) Management, development and other All other ) Corporate ) ) ) Inter-segment ) ) ) Total ) 
 __________ 
 (1) Includes a million impairment charge related to Mohegan Sun Pocono's intangible assets in fiscal 2020. 
 (2) Includes a million impairment charge related to Mohegan Sun Pocono's goodwill in fiscal 2019. 
 
 F-32 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Mohegan Sun Pocono MGE Niagara Resorts Management, development and other All other Corporate Total (in thousands) September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Total assets: Mohegan Sun Mohegan Sun Pocono MGE Niagara Resorts Management, development and other All other Corporate Inter-segment ) ) Total 

F-33 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 16 
 of gross revenues from slot machines and (ii) the greater of of gross revenues from slot machines or million. 
 Pennsylvania Slot Machine Tax 
 The Pennsylvania Race Horse Development and Gaming Act stipulates that holders of Category One slot machine licenses, including Mohegan Sun Pocono, must pay a portion of revenues from slot machines and other assessments to the PGCB (collectively, the Pennsylvania Slot Machine Tax ). The Pennsylvania Slot Machine Tax approximates of gross revenues from slot machines, plus an annual million slot machine operation fee. 
 MGE Niagara Casino Operating and Services Agreement Thresholds 
 MGE Niagara operates the MGE Niagara Resorts under the terms of a -year Casino Operating and Services Agreement with the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation. Annual Threshold amounts under the Casino Operating and Services Agreement are contractually established and vary from year to year. If gaming revenues are less than the Threshold for any given year, the Company is obligated to make a payment to cover the related shortfall (refer to Note 2). 
 Mohegan Sun Las Vegas Lease 
 In July 2019, MGNV entered into a casino lease agreement with JC Hospitality, LLC, which developed the former Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, into an integrated resort under the Virgin Hotels brand, which includes Mohegan Sun Las Vegas. During the initial term of the -year lease agreement, the Company is required to make annual minimum rent payments of million, subject to escalators which could result in annual minimum rent payments of up to million, plus consumer price index inflators and additional common area maintenance fees. Annual minimum rent payments commence upon the first anniversary of the Lease Commencement Date, as defined under the lease agreement, and continue until the end of the lease term, which concludes in 2041, subject to additional extensions at MGNV's option. 
 Priority Distribution 
 The Company and the Mohegan Tribe are parties to a perpetual agreement, which requires the Company to make payments to the Mohegan Tribe to the extent of the Company's Net Cash Flow, as defined, subject to a minimum payment of million per calendar year. 
 Purchase and Other Contractual Obligations 
 As of September 30, 2021, the Company was contractually committed to purchase goods and services totaling million, of which million is expected to be incurred in fiscal 2022. 
 Litigation 
 The Company is a defendant in various claims and legal actions resulting from its normal course of business, primarily relating to personal injuries to patrons and damages to patrons' personal assets. The Company estimates litigation claims expense and accrues for such liabilities based upon historical experience. In management's opinion, the aggregate liability, if any, arising from such legal actions will not have a material impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 F-34 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 17 
 billion Korean won, under a loan agreement (the Inspire Loan Agreement ), dated September 24, 2021, with the banks and financial institutions as lenders thereto (each, a Lender and, collectively, the Lenders ), Kookmin Bank Co., Ltd. as the facility agent and the other parties thereto. The Inspire Loan Agreement provides for a loan commitment of up to trillion Korean won (the Inspire Credit Facility ), comprising of a billion Korean won tranche A credit facility (the Inspire Tranche A Facility and a billion Korean won tranche B credit facility (the Inspire Tranche B Facility ). The Inspire Credit Facility will be used to pay for the construction, operation, financial and other project costs in connection with Project Inspire. 
 The Inspire Credit Facility matures on the date that is months after the date of the first draw under the Inspire Credit Facility. 
 Mandatory prepayments are required under the Inspire Credit Facility in connection with (i) certain specified asset dispositions and (ii) receipt of insurance proceeds, without prepayment fee. The Inspire Credit Facility may not be voluntarily prepaid in whole or in part until after the date of the first draw under the Inspire Credit Facility. After such date, any voluntary prepayment shall include a prepayment fee as follows: (x) prior to the completion of construction of Project Inspire, of the principal amount of the Inspire Credit Facility to be prepaid and (y) after the completion of construction, of the principal amount of the Inspire Credit Facility to be prepaid. 
 Loans outstanding under the Inspire Tranche A Facility bear interest at a fixed rate of per annum or a floating rate equal to the sum of a base rate and an applicable margin. Loans outstanding under the Inspire Tranche B Facility bear interest at a fixed rate of per annum or a floating rate equal to the sum of a base rate and an applicable margin. The base rate for floating rate loans equals the final quotation yield rate for Korean won denominated negotiable certificates of deposit having a maturity of days as announced by the Korean Financial Investment Association on the applicable interest rate decision date. The applicable margin for floating rate loans equals: (i) for Inspire Tranche A Facility loans, the rate obtained by deducting the base rate applied in the initial interest period from per annum and (ii) for Inspire Tranche B Facility loans, the rate obtained by deducting the base rate applied in the initial interest period from per annum. The Inspire Credit Facility includes an interest reserve whereby a portion of loan proceeds is reserved for payment of interest. Interest on Inspire Tranche A Facility loans is fully reserved and interest on Inspire Tranche B Facility loans is reserved for months. If any portion of the Inspire Credit Facility is undrawn, Inspire Integrated Resort is required to pay a commitment fee to each Lender on the last day of each interest period, which accrues at a rate per annum equal to of the amount not drawn from the loan commitment of such Lender as of that date. 
 All obligations of Inspire Integrated Resort are secured by liens on substantially all assets of, and the equity interests in, Inspire Integrated Resort as of the execution date or acquired thereafter and certain assets related thereto, in each case, subject to certain exceptions and limitations described in the Inspire Loan Agreement. 
 The Inspire Loan Agreement contains certain customary covenants applicable to Inspire Integrated Resort, including covenants governing: incurrence of indebtedness, incurrence of liens, investments, mergers or consolidations, asset sales, acquisition of assets, the payment of dividends and other distributions and affiliate transactions. In addition, the Inspire Loan Agreement contains other covenants, representations and warranties and events of default that are customary for financing transactions of this type. 
 In connection with the Inspire Loan Agreement, the Company entered into a credit enhancement support agreement to provide up to million credit enhancement support for Inspire Integrated Resort s payment of principal, interest and other sums due under the Inspire Loan Agreement. 
 Inspire Mezzanine Facility 
 On November 24, 2021 (the Utilisation Date ), MGE Korea Limited MGE Korea ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, received funding in the amount of million under a secured mezzanine term loan facility agreement (the Inspire Mezzanine Facility ), dated November 4, 2021, among (including others) MGE Korea, as borrower, the financial institutions listed therein (collectively, the Mezzanine Lenders and Serica Agency Limited, as facility agent and security agent. The Inspire Mezzanine Facility was primarily used to make a capital contribution to Inspire Integrated Resort for the purpose of partially funding the development of Project Inspire. 
 The final maturity date under the Inspire Mezzanine Facility is months from and including the Utilisation Date. 
 F-35 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

per annum, to be compounded and capitalized at the end of each quarter, or paid in cash if so elected by MGE Korea. 
 If the Inspire Mezzanine Facility is either voluntarily prepaid or certain mandatory prepayment events are triggered, or if it is repaid following a notice of acceleration, MGE Korea must pay the Mezzanine Lenders a prepayment fee as follows: (i) if the prepayment or repayment occurs during the first after the Utilisation Date, the prepayment fee will be equal to an amount such that the aggregate of (x) such prepayment fee and (y) the principal amount of the Inspire Mezzanine Facility so prepaid will be an amount equal to a multiple of x the principal amount of the Inspire Mezzanine Facility so prepaid and (ii) if the prepayment or repayment occurs after the third anniversary of the Utilisation Date, the prepayment fee will be equal to an amount such that the aggregate of (x) such prepayment fee and (y) the principal amount of the Inspire Mezzanine Facility so prepaid will be an amount yielding an per annum internal rate of return on the amount so prepaid. 
 The Inspire Mezzanine Facility is secured by a fixed charge over of MGE Korea s share capital and a debenture over the assets of MGE Korea (save for the share capital MGE Korea holds in Inspire Integrated Resort, for so long as it is pledged to secure Inspire Integrated Resort s project financing debt). 
 The Inspire Mezzanine Facility contains certain customary covenants, including covenants governing: incurrence of indebtedness, incurrence of liens, payment of dividends and other distributions, disposals, acquisitions and investments, arm s length transactions, mergers and the development and management of Project Inspire. In addition, the Inspire Mezzanine Facility includes financial maintenance covenants pertaining to net leverage and debt service coverage and contains a requirement that Inspire Integrated Resort maintain a minimum cash balance in the amounts set forth in the Inspire Mezzanine Facility. The Inspire Mezzanine Facility also contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, failure to make payments, breach of covenants and breach of representations. 
 Inspire Warrants 
 In connection with the Inspire Mezzanine Facility, MGE Korea Holding III Limited MGE Korea Holding III ), the direct parent of MGE Korea and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a warrant agreement (the Inspire Warrant Agreement ), dated November 4, 2021, among (including others) MGE Korea Holding III, BCC Inspire Aggregator, L.P. BCC and Royale SS II Ltd. Royale and, together with BCC and any other person who holds warrants from time to time, the Warrantholders to issue detachable warrants (the Inspire Warrants ). Under the Inspire Warrant Agreement, the Warrantholders, as applicable, may subscribe in cash for shares as follows: (i) up to a total of shares in the capital of MGE Korea Holding III to BCC and (ii) up to a total of shares in the capital of MGE Korea Holding III to Royale, at an initial exercise price of per share. As of the Utilisation Date, the Inspire Warrants collectively represented of all of the fully-diluted share capital of MGE Korea Holding III. 
 The Inspire Warrants are exercisable: (i) at any time from the third anniversary of the Utilisation Date until the tenth anniversary of the Utilisation Date, without condition or (ii) at any time from the Utilisation Date until the tenth anniversary of the Utilisation Date, such exercise being conditional upon an Exit Event (a Qualified IPO or a Trade Sale as such terms are defined under the Inspire Warrant Agreement) occurring or any dividend, distribution, payment or return of an income or capital nature in respect of MGE Korea Holding III s shares being made. Upon the earlier of (x) the tenth anniversary of the Utilisation Date and (y) the consummation of an Exit Event, all unexercised Inspire Warrants will expire and the rights of the holders of such Inspire Warrants to purchase shares in MGE Korea Holding III will terminate. 
 In the event of an Exit Event or the exercise of the Warrantholder Tag Along Right (as defined under the Inspire Warrant Agreement) where a subsidiary of MGE Korea Holding III Substitution Entity is the subject of such Exit Event or Warrantholder Tag Along Right (as applicable), the Warrantholders or holders of shares in MGE Korea Holding III that have been issued upon the exercise of the Inspire Warrants Exercise Shareholders may request that all (but not less than all) the Inspire Warrants and/or shares held by all the Warrantholder or Exercise Shareholders be substituted for duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable common shares of the Substitution Entity Substitution Transaction ). 
 Other than as set forth in the Inspire Warrant Agreement, Warrantholders shall not have, nor may exercise, any rights held by holders of shares in the capital of the MGE Korea Holding III to vote or to receive dividends and other distributions solely by virtue thereof as a holder of Inspire Warrants. Any Warrantholder or shareholder of MGE Korea Holding III shall enjoy pre-emptive rights in relation to any proposed issuances of equity securities by MGE Korea Holding III or certain entities affiliated with MGE Korea Holding III (as set forth in the Inspire Warrant Agreement), subject to customary exceptions. 
 BCC (for so long as it holds or more of aggregate number of shares underlying the Inspire Warrants) or the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders who hold more than of the shares underlying the Inspire Warrants (at any point after BCC holds less than of the aggregate number of shares underlying the Inspire Warrants) Put Holder shall have a right, as applicable, to require the direct parent of MGE Korea Holding III Parent to purchase all of the unexercised Inspire 
 F-36 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

and after the Utilisation Date until the tenth anniversary of the Utilisation Date. The aggregate cash purchase price for both the Put Option and the Call Option shall be equal to the higher of: (i) the fair market value of the relevant unexercised Inspire Warrants and (ii) million, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of the relevant unexercised Inspire Warrants and the denominator of which is the total number of Inspire Warrants. In addition, if there is a Substitution Transaction but there is a failure of the Exit Event to occur within certain time periods, the Put Option and the Call Option are exercisable in relation to the shares in the Substitution Entity. If the Parent fails to purchase all of the unexercised Inspire Warrants pursuant to the Put Option, the Put Holder shall have the right to sell, and require the Parent to sell, all (but not less than all) of their respective equity securities in MGE Korea Holding III to a third-party buyer. 
 The number of shares in MGE Korea Holding III for which the Inspire Warrants are exercisable, and the applicable exercise price thereof, are subject to adjustment from time to time upon certain events as further described in the Inspire Warrant Agreement. The Warrants are subject to customary tag along and drag along rights, as well as a right of first refusal/right of first offer over certain equity transfers. 

F-37 

MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY 
 Fiscal Year ended September 30, 2020 Reserves and allowances deducted from asset accounts: Reserves for uncollectible accounts: 
 ) Fiscal Year ended September 30, 2019 Reserves and allowances deducted from asset accounts: Reserves for uncollectible accounts: 

S-1 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 a2021930ex47.htm
 EX-4.7

Document 
 Exhibit 4.7 

 SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 Second Supplemental Indenture (this Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of November 1, 2021, among MGNV Holding, LLC and MGNV, LLC (each, a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors ), the Authority (as defined in the Indenture referred to herein), the Tribe (as defined in the Indenture referred to herein) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee under the Indenture referred to herein (the Trustee ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS the Authority has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture (the Indenture ), dated as of January 26, 2021 providing for the issuance of 8.000 Second Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (the Notes 
 WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances each Guarantor shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which such Guarantor shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Authority s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the Guarantee and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, each Guarantor and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders as follows 
 1. Capitalized Terms. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 
 2. Indenture Provision Pursuant to Which Guarantee is Given. This Supplemental Indenture is being executed and delivered pursuant to Section 4.20 of the Indenture. 
 3. Agreement to Guarantee. Each Guarantor hereby agrees as follows 
 (a) Each Guarantor, jointly and severally with all other Guarantors, if any, unconditionally guarantees to each Holder of a Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns that 
 (i) the principal of and interest on the Notes will be promptly paid in full when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of and interest on the Notes, if any, if lawful, and all other obligations of the Authority to the Holders or the Trustee hereunder, under the Notes or under the Indenture will be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof and 
 (ii) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, that same will be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantors shall be jointly and severally obligated to pay the same immediately, in each case to the extent lawful. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that this Guarantee would constitute or result in a violation of any applicable fraudulent conveyance or similar law of any relevant jurisdiction, the liability of each Guarantor under this Supplemental Indenture and its Guarantee shall be limited to such amount as will not, after giving effect thereto, and to all other liabilities of such Guarantor, result in such amount constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance. 
 4. Execution and Delivery of Guarantees. 
 1 

(a) To evidence its Guarantee set forth in this Supplemental Indenture, each Guarantor hereby agrees that this Supplemental Indenture shall be executed on behalf of such Guarantor by an Officer of such Guarantor who has been duly authorized by all requisite corporate actions. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the absence of any endorsement or notation of such Guarantee on the Notes, each Guarantor hereby agrees that its Guarantee set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (c) If an Officer whose signature is on this Supplemental Indenture no longer holds that office at the time the Trustee authenticates any Note, the Guarantee shall be valid nevertheless. 
 (d) The delivery of any Note by the Trustee, after the authentication thereof under the Indenture, shall constitute due delivery of the Guarantee set forth in this Supplemental Indenture on behalf of each Guarantor. 
 (e) Each Guarantor hereby agrees that its obligations hereunder shall be unconditional, regardless of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Notes or the Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder of the Notes with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Authority, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a guarantor in each case to the extent lawful. 
 (f) Each Guarantor hereby waives, to the extent lawful, diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Authority, any right to require a proceeding first against the Authority, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenants that its Guarantee made pursuant to this Supplemental Indenture will not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in the Notes and the Indenture. 
 (g) If the Trustee or any Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Supplemental Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then, and in every such case, subject to any determination in such proceeding, each Guarantor, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder and thereafter all rights and remedies of such Guarantor, the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted. 
 (h) Each Guarantor hereby waives and will not in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any rights of reimbursement, indemnity or subrogation or any other rights against the Authority or any other Guarantor as a result of any payment by such Guarantor under its Guarantee. Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Holders and the Trustee, on the other hand 
 (i) in each case, to the extent lawful, the maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article 6 of the Indenture for the purposes of the Guarantee made pursuant to this Supplemental Indenture, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby and 
 (ii) in the event of any declaration of acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article 6, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by each Guarantor for the purpose of the Guarantee made pursuant to this Supplemental Indenture, in each case to the extent lawful. 
 (i) Each Guarantor shall have the right to seek contribution from any other nonpaying Guarantor, if any, so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holders under the Guarantee made pursuant to this Supplemental Indenture. 
 (j) Each Guarantor covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any 
 2 

stay, extension or usury law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may affect the covenants or the performance of the Indenture or this Guarantee and each Guarantor (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted. 
 5. Reserved . 
 6. Limitations on Management Activities Waiver of Sovereign Immunity Dispute Resolution and Consent to Suit. Section 13.01 of the Indenture and all provisions in the Indenture relating to the Authority s, the Tribe s and the Guarantors waivers of sovereign immunity and rights to resolve disputes in tribal court, as well as all consents and agreements of the Authority, the Tribe and the Guarantors to applicable laws and jurisdictions for the resolution of disputes are hereby incorporated herein with the same force and effect as though set forth at length herein, including Section 13.09 of the Indenture. 
 7. New York Law To Govern. The internal law of the State of New York shall govern and be used to construe this Supplemental Indenture. 
 8. Counterparts. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. 
 9. Effect Of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first above written. 
 
 MGNV Holding, LLC 
 By s Carol Anderson Name Carol Anderson Title Treasurer 
 MGNV, LLC 
 By s Carol Anderson Name Carol Anderson Title Treasurer 
 Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority 
 By s Ralph James Gessner, Jr. Name Ralph James Gessner, Jr. Title Chairman of the Management Board 
 The Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut 
 By s Ralph James Gessner, Jr. Name Ralph James Gessner, Jr. Title Chairman of the Tribal Council 
 
 Signature Page to Second Supplemental Indenture 

U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
 By s Laurel Casasanta Name Laurel Casasanta Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Second Supplemental Indenture 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-4.8>
 3
 a2021930ex48.htm
 EX-4.8

Document 
 Exhibit 4.8 

 SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 Second Supplemental Indenture (this Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of November 1, 2021, among MGNV Holding, LLC and MGNV, LLC (each, a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors ), the Authority (as defined in the Indenture referred to herein), the Tribe (as defined in the Indenture referred to herein) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee under the Indenture referred to herein (the Trustee ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS the Authority has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture (the Indenture ), dated as of October 14, 2016 providing for the issuance of 7.875 Senior Notes due 2024 (the Notes 
 WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances each Guarantor shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which such Guarantor shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Authority s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the Guarantee and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, each Guarantor and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders as follows 
 1. Capitalized Terms. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 
 2. Indenture Provision Pursuant to Which Guarantee is Given. This Supplemental Indenture is being executed and delivered pursuant to Section 4.20 of the Indenture. 
 3. Agreement to Guarantee. Each Guarantor hereby agrees as follows 
 (a) Each Guarantor, jointly and severally with all other Guarantors, if any, unconditionally guarantees to each Holder of a Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns that 
 (i) the principal of and interest on the Notes will be promptly paid in full when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of and interest on the Notes, if any, if lawful, and all other obligations of the Authority to the Holders or the Trustee hereunder, under the Notes or under the Indenture will be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof and 
 (ii) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, that same will be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantors shall be jointly and severally obligated to pay the same immediately, in each case to the extent lawful. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that this Guarantee would constitute or result in a violation of any applicable fraudulent conveyance or similar law of any relevant jurisdiction, the liability of each Guarantor under this Supplemental Indenture and its Guarantee shall be limited to such amount as will not, after giving effect thereto, and to all other liabilities of such Guarantor, result in such amount constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance. 
 4. Execution and Delivery of Guarantees. 
 1 

(a) To evidence its Guarantee set forth in this Supplemental Indenture, each Guarantor hereby agrees that this Supplemental Indenture shall be executed on behalf of such Guarantor by an Officer of such Guarantor who has been duly authorized by all requisite corporate actions. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the absence of any endorsement or notation of such Guarantee on the Notes, each Guarantor hereby agrees that its Guarantee set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (c) If an Officer whose signature is on this Supplemental Indenture no longer holds that office at the time the Trustee authenticates any Note, the Guarantee shall be valid nevertheless. 
 (d) The delivery of any Note by the Trustee, after the authentication thereof under the Indenture, shall constitute due delivery of the Guarantee set forth in this Supplemental Indenture on behalf of each Guarantor. 
 (e) Each Guarantor hereby agrees that its obligations hereunder shall be unconditional, regardless of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Notes or the Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder of the Notes with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Authority, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a guarantor in each case to the extent lawful. 
 (f) Each Guarantor hereby waives, to the extent lawful, diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Authority, any right to require a proceeding first against the Authority, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenants that its Guarantee made pursuant to this Supplemental Indenture will not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in the Notes and the Indenture. 
 (g) If the Trustee or any Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Supplemental Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then, and in every such case, subject to any determination in such proceeding, each Guarantor, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder and thereafter all rights and remedies of such Guarantor, the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted. 
 (h) Each Guarantor hereby waives and will not in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any rights of reimbursement, indemnity or subrogation or any other rights against the Authority or any other Guarantor as a result of any payment by such Guarantor under its Guarantee. Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Holders and the Trustee, on the other hand 
 (i) in each case, to the extent lawful, the maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article 6 of the Indenture for the purposes of the Guarantee made pursuant to this Supplemental Indenture, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby and 
 (ii) in the event of any declaration of acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article 6, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by each Guarantor for the purpose of the Guarantee made pursuant to this Supplemental Indenture, in each case to the extent lawful. 
 (i) Each Guarantor shall have the right to seek contribution from any other nonpaying Guarantor, if any, so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holders under the Guarantee made pursuant to this Supplemental Indenture. 
 (j) Each Guarantor covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any 
 2 

stay, extension or usury law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may affect the covenants or the performance of the Indenture or this Guarantee and each Guarantor (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted. 
 5. Reserved . 
 6. Limitations on Management Activities Waiver of Sovereign Immunity Dispute Resolution and Consent to Suit. Section 13.01 of the Indenture and all provisions in the Indenture relating to the Authority s, the Tribe s and the Guarantors waivers of sovereign immunity and rights to resolve disputes in tribal court, as well as all consents and agreements of the Authority, the Tribe and the Guarantors to applicable laws and jurisdictions for the resolution of disputes are hereby incorporated herein with the same force and effect as though set forth at length herein, including Section 13.09 of the Indenture. 
 7. New York Law To Govern. The internal law of the State of New York shall govern and be used to construe this Supplemental Indenture. 
 8. Counterparts. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. 
 9. Effect Of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first above written. 
 
 MGNV Holding, LLC 
 By s Carol Anderson Name Carol Anderson Title Treasurer 
 MGNV, LLC 
 By s Carol Anderson Name Carol Anderson Title Treasurer 
 Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority 
 By s Ralph James Gessner, Jr. Name Ralph James Gessner, Jr. Title Chairman of the Management Board 
 The Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut 
 By s Ralph James Gessner, Jr. Name Ralph James Gessner, Jr. Title Chairman of the Tribal Council 
 
 Signature Page to Second Supplemental Indenture 

U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
 By s Laurel Casasanta Name Laurel Casasanta Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Second Supplemental Indenture 

</EX-4.8>

<EX-10.19>
 4
 a2021930ex1019.htm
 EX-10.19

Document 

Exhibit 10.19 
 English Translation 
 Inspire Integrated Resort Development Project (Phase 1A) 
 One Trillion Forty Billion Korean Won 1,040,000,000,000) 
 Loan Agreement 
 
 Inspire Integrated Resort Co., Ltd. 
 - Borrower - 
 
 Lenders Listed in Exhibit 1 
 - Lenders - 
 
 Hanwha Engineering & Construction Corp. 
 - Builder - 
 
 KOOKMIN BANK Co., Ltd 
 -Facility Agent- 
 
 Sep. 24, 2021 

1 

Table of Contents 

Article 1 Definitions 
 8 
 Section 1 Definitions 
 8 
 Section 2 Construction 
 21 
 Article 2 Facility 
 22 
 Section 1 Facilities of Each Tranche 
 22 
 Section 2 Purpose of Loan 
 23 
 Section 3 Lenders Several Liability 
 23 
 Article 3 Drawdown 
 23 
 Section 1 Drawdown Procedure 
 23 
 Section 2 Conditions Precedent to Initial Drawdown 
 25 
 Section 3 Conditions Precedent to Subsequent Drawdown 
 28 
 Section 4 Conditions Subsequent to Drawdown 
 28 
 Section 5 Irrevocable Drawdown Request 
 29 
 Section 6 Obligation to Request Drawdown under the Drawdown Plan 
 30 
 Article 4 Interest 
 30 
 Section 1 Payment of Interest 
 30 
 Section 2 Interest Period 
 31 
 Section 3 Calculation of Interest 
 31 
 Article 5 Repayment, Prepayment and Cancellation of Facility 
 31 
 Section 1 Repayment 
 31 
 Section 2 Voluntary Prepayment 
 31 
 Section 3 Mandatory Prepayment 
 33 
 Article 6 Fees and Expenses 
 34 
 Section 1 Fees 
 34 
 Section 2 Fees for No Drawdown 
 34 
 Section 3 Expenses 
 35 
 Section 4 Enforcement Cost 
 35 
 Section 5 Taxes Relating to the Agreement 
 35 
 Article 7 Payments 
 36 
 Section 1 Drawdown 
 36 
 Section 2 Payments by Borrower 
 36 
 Section 3 Application towards Repayment 
 36 
 Section 4 Business Day 
 37 
 Section 5 Evidence of Obligations 
 37 
 Section 6 Deemed Effect 
 37 
 Article 8 Alternative Base Rate 
 37 
 
 2 

Section 1 Grounds for Change in Base Rate 
 37 
 Section 2 Agreement on Alternative Base Rate 
 37 
 Section 3 Determination of Alternative Base Rate by Facility Agent 
 38 
 Section 4 Prepayment 
 38 
 Article 9 Change of Laws and Circumstances 
 38 
 Section 1 Unlawfulness 
 38 
 Section 2 Additional Expenses 
 39 
 Article 10 Taxes, Etc. 
 39 
 Section 1 Unconditional Repayment 
 39 
 Section 2 Additional Payment 
 40 
 Article 11 Representations and Warranties of Borrower 
 40 
 Section 1 Juristic Personality and Qualification 
 40 
 Section 2 Power and Authority 
 40 
 Section 3 Solvency 
 40 
 Section 4 Compliance with Laws 
 40 
 Section 5 Establishment and Maintenance of Lien 
 41 
 Section 6 Dispute 
 41 
 Section 7 No Other Indebtedness 
 41 
 Section 8 No Lien 
 41 
 Section 9 No Event of Default 
 41 
 Section 10 No Proceeding Including Insolvency 
 41 
 Section 11 Approvals 
 41 
 Section 12 Authorization of Borrowing 
 41 
 Section 13 Legal Actions 
 42 
 Section 14 Binding Agreement Compliance with Laws and Other Agreements 
 42 
 Section 15 Financial Statements 
 42 
 Section 16 Ownership Right to Use 
 42 
 Section 17 Accuracy of Information 
 42 
 Article 12 Affirmative Covenants 
 43 
 Section 1 Maintenance of Juristic Personality 
 43 
 Section 2 Maintenance of Approvals and Compliance with Laws 
 43 
 Section 3 Compliance with Implementation Agreement 
 43 
 
 3 

Section 4 Compliance with HOA and Management Service Agreement 
 43 
 Section 5 Use of Funds 
 44 
 Section 6 Provision and Maintenance of Collaterals 
 44 
 Section 7 Financial Statements 
 44 
 Section 8 Submission of Budgets 
 44 
 Section 9 Notice of Material Circumstances and Proposal of Actions 
 44 
 Section 10 Taxes and Public Imposts 
 44 
 Section 11 Insurance 
 45 
 Section 12 Obligation to Keep the Representations and Warranties Accurate 
 45 
 Section 13 Maintenance of Project Documents 
 45 
 Section 14 Preparation and Maintenance of the Project Related Documents 
 45 
 Section 15 Compliance with the Fund Management Regulation 
 46 
 Section 16 Miscellaneous 
 46 
 Article 13 Negative Covenants 
 46 
 Section 1 Restriction on Restructuring, Etc. 
 46 
 Section 2 Restriction on Transfer of Interest and Provision of Lien 
 46 
 Section 3 Prohibition on Engagement in New Business Activities 
 47 
 Section 4 Prohibition on Assumption of Liabilities 
 48 
 Section 5 Prohibition on Provision of Lien 
 48 
 Section 6 Prohibition on Return of Capital 
 48 
 Section 7 Prohibition on Disposal of Major Assets 
 48 
 Section 8 Restriction on Investment and Credit Facility 
 48 
 Section 9 Prohibition on Waiver of the Project, Etc. 
 49 
 Section 10 Prohibition on Amendment of Project Documents and Articles of Incorporation 
 49 
 Section 11 Maintenance of Senior Priority 
 49 
 Section 12 Project Accounts 
 50 
 Section 13 Prohibition on Change of Control 
 50 
 Article 14 Fund Management 
 50 
 Section 1 Principle of Fund Management 
 50 
 Section 2 Loan Drawdown Account 
 50 
 
 4 

Section 3 Loan Repayment Account 
 51 
 Section 4 Operating Account 
 51 
 Section 5 Revenue Collection Account of Each Facility 
 53 
 Section 6 Revenue Management Account 
 54 
 Section 7 Interest Deposit Account 
 56 
 Article 15 Collaterals 
 57 
 Section 1 Share Keun -Pledge 
 57 
 Section 2 Waiver and Transfer of Business Right and Implementation Right 
 58 
 Section 3 Account Keun -Pledge 
 58 
 Section 4 Yangdo-Dambo of Implementation Agreement and Division of Implementation Agreement 
 58 
 Section 5 Beneficiary Rights in Monetary Claim Trust Agreement 
 59 
 Section 6 Builder s Construction Completion Guaranty 
 60 
 Section 7 Builder s Waiver and Estoppel Letter for the Construction Right and the Right of Retention 
 60 
 Section 8 Builder s Junior CB Subscription Covenant Letter 
 60 
 Section 9 Cash Deficiency Support Agreement between Builder and Management Service Company 
 60 
 Section 10 MGE s Credit Enhancement Support Agreement 
 60 
 Section 11 Insurance Keun -Pledge 
 61 
 Section 12 Beneficiary Right in Real Estate Security Trust 
 61 
 Section 13 Delegation of the right to conclude a Security Contract 
 61 
 Article 16 Acceleration 
 61 
 Section 1 Event of Default 
 61 
 Section 2 Effect of Event of Default 
 64 
 Article 17 Default Interest 
 65 
 Article 18 Indemnification and Proportional Distribution 
 65 
 Section 1 Indemnification 
 65 
 Section 2 Proportional Distribution 
 66 
 Article 19 Lenders and Facility Agent 
 66 
 Section 1 Matters to be Jointly Decided 
 66 
 Section 2 Appointment of Facility Agent 
 68 
 
 5 

Section 3 Scope of Obligations 
 68 
 Section 4 Duties of Facility Agent 
 68 
 Section 5 Authority of Facility Agent 
 69 
 Section 6 Indemnification to Lenders 
 69 
 Section 7 Indemnification to Borrower 
 70 
 Section 8 Compensation 
 70 
 Section 9 Covenants by Lenders 
 70 
 Section 10 Confirmation by Facility Agent 
 71 
 Section 11 Resignation of Facility Agent 
 71 
 Section 12 Status as Lender 
 71 
 Section 13 Knowledge of Facility Agent 
 71 
 Article 20 Transfer and Offices 
 71 
 Section 1 Borrower 
 72 
 Section 2 Lenders 
 72 
 Section 3 Sub-participation 
 72 
 Section 4 Confidentiality 
 72 
 Section 5 Offices 
 72 
 Article 21 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
 73 
 Section 1 Governing Law 
 73 
 Section 2 Jurisdiction 
 73 
 Article 22 Notices 
 73 
 Section 1 Notices 
 73 
 Section 2 Deemed Delivery 
 74 
 Section 3 Facility Agent 
 74 
 Article 23 Subordinated Loan 
 74 
 Section 1 Subordinated Loan to SPC Lenders 
 74 
 Section 2 Conditions of Subordinated Loan 
 75 
 Section 3 Restriction on Exercise of Rights including Security Right and Right of Setoff, etc. 
 75 
 Section 4 Subourdinated Loan to ABL securities Lender 
 76 
 Article 24 Miscellaneous 
 76 
 Section 1 Term of Agreement 
 76 
 Section 2 Entire Agreement 
 77 
 Section 3 Amendment 
 77 
 Section 4 Waiver Cumulative Rights 
 77 
 Section 5 Severability 
 77 
 Section 6 Set-Off 
 77 
 Section 7 Application of the General Terms and Conditions of Credit Transaction 
 77 
 Section 8 Builder 
 78 
 Section 9 Limitation of Liability of Trustee 
 78 
 Exhibit 1. Lenders Loan Commitments 
 125 
 Exhibit 2. Drawdown Plan 
 140 
 
 6 

Exhibit 3. Required Documents Prior to Drawdown 
 141 
 Exhibit 4. General Terms and Conditions of Credit Transaction 
 146 
 Exhibit 5. Detailed definition of the Excess Cash Flow 
 147 
 Exhibit 6. Process Confirmation 
 148 
 Form A.Drawdown Request 
 149 
 Form B. Request for execution of the funds 
 151 

7 

This Agreement (as defined below) is provided by the procedures in accordance with the applicable laws and internal control standards 
 Loan Agreement 
 
 This Loan Agreement (this Agreement is made on the 24th day of September, 2021 by and among 
 1. Borrower 
 Inspire Integrated Resort Co., Ltd., a joint stock company organized and existing under the laws of the Republic of Korea Korea ), having its head office at D-1603, 30, Songdo-mirae-ro, Yeonsu-gu, Incheon, Korea (the Borrower or Inspire 
 2 . Lenders 
 The banks and the financial institutions, etc. listed in Exhibit 1 attached hereto (each, the Lender , and collectively, the Lenders 
 3. Facility Agent 
 KOOKMIN BANK Co.,Ltd., a financial institution organized and existing under the laws of Korea, having its head office at 26, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, Korea (the Facility Agent and 
 4. Builder 
 Hanwha Engineering & Construction Corp., a joint stock company organized and existing under the laws of the Korea, having its head office at 81 Daeeun-ro, Siheung-si (Daeya-dong), Gyeonggi-do, Korea (the Builder ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower is pursuing the Inspire Integrated Resort 1A Phase Development Project (the Project which involves construction of facilities such as hotels, casino buildings and a family park on the Project site of 461,661m 2 (the Project Site in the IBC (international business center)-III of Incheon International Airport located at 2955 Unseo-dong, Jung-gu, Incheon, Korea the Borrower filed an application for preliminary review on whether the Borrower is qualified to operate a casino among the Project Facilities (as defined in Section 1 of Article 1) with the Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism in accordance with Article 23-3 of the Special Act on Designation and Management of Free Economic Zones (the FEZ Act and received a notification of eligibility from the Minister confirming the Borrower s qualification 
 8 

(the Notification of Eligibility and the Borrower intends to obtain a casino business license by satisfying the Prerequisites of the Notification of Eligibility (as defined in Section 1 of Article 1). 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower intends to receive certain loan from the Lenders for financing of the costs for construction, operation, finance and other projects, and the Lenders intend to make available a certain credit facility to the Borrower subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , the Borrower, the Lenders, and the Facility Agent hereby agree as follows 
 Article 1 Definitions 
 Section 1 Definitions 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, the terms as used herein shall have the following meanings 
 Phase 1B Project Performance Guarantee Agreement shall mean the Performance Guarantee Agreement to be entered into by and between the Borrower and Incheon International Airport Corporation under which the Borrower shall guarantee the performance of Phase 1B project for the benefit of Incheon International Airport Corporation in order to satisfy the requirements in Article 7-2(1) of the Prerequisites of Notification of Eligibility. 
 Margin shall mean in connection with the floating rate loans (i) the rate obtained by deducting the Base Rate applied in the initial interest period from 5.4 per annum in case of Tranche A Loan, and (ii) the rate obtained by deducting the Base Rate applied in the initial interest period from 7.0 per annum in case of Tranche B Loan.. 
 Construction Period shall mean a period from the Execution Date hereof (inclusive) to a date immediately preceding the Operation Commencement Date (inclusive). 
 Change of Control shall mean occurrence of any of the following events 
 1) If the Shareholder ceases to directly or indirectly, validly and duly hold full voting rights in total shares (100 issued by the Borrower, or a majority of the board of directors of the Borrower consists of persons nominated or recommended directly or indirectly by a person other than the Shareholder or MGE or 
 2) If MGE ceases to directly or indirectly, validly and duly hold full voting rights in fifty one percent (51 of the shares issued by the Shareholder, or a majority of the board of directors of the Shareholder consists of persons nominated or recommended directly or indirectly by a person other than MGE. 
 9 

Execution Date shall mean the date on which this Agreement is entered into. 
 Construction Agreement shall mean the Construction Agreement entered into by and between the Borrower and the Builder for the purpose of constructing and completing the Project Facilities. 
 Financing Documents shall mean, collectively, this Agreement, the Collateral Documents, the Fee Agreement, and other agreements and documents to be entered into by and between the Lenders and the Borrower or the Builder, etc., in connection with this Agreement or the Collateral Documents. 
 Obligor(s) shall mean, collectively, the Borrower, the Builder, MGE, the Management Service Company, the pledgors, and other persons obliged to pay liabilities to the Lenders pursuant to the Financing Documents or providing collaterals under the Collateral Documents to secure payment of the Secured Obligations in favor of the Lenders. 
 Monetary Claim Trust Agreement shall have the meaning as defined in Section 5 of Article 15. 
 Monetary Claim Trustee shall mean KOOKMIN BANK Co., Ltd., being entrusted with the duty of managing funds deposited in the Project Accounts under the Monetary Claim Trust Agreement having entered into with the Borrower. 
 K-GAAP shall mean the generally accepted accounting principles in Korea applicable to a company as accounting standards in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Act on External Audit of Stock Companies and applied as the underlying accounting standards of an auditor s audit report on the financial statements of the relevant company. 
 Base Rate shall mean in connection with the floating rate loans the final quotation yield rate for Korean Won denominated negotiable certificates of deposit having maturity of ninety one (91) days as announced by the Korean Financial Investment Association (or its successor recognized by the Facility Agent) on its website (http www.kofiabond.or.kr) on the applicable Interest Rate Decision Date 
 Event of Default shall mean each event listed in Article 16, and Potential Event of Default shall mean any event that could become an Event of Default listed in Article 16 upon a notice, with passage of time or upon a decision as to whether to accelerate the relevant obligations. 
 Majority Lenders shall mean, (i) after the Initial Drawdown of Loan, the Lenders whose sum of Loan and undrawn Loan Commitments is from time to time at least two-thirds of the aggregate sum of Loan and undrawn Loan Commitments, or (ii) if no Loan is drawn, the Lenders whose sum of Loan Commitments is at least two-thirds of the total Loan Commitments. 
 10 

US Dollar or US shall mean the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
 Lien shall mean any mortgage, pledge, lien, maedo-dambo, yangdo-dambo , priority, offset arrangement or other security agreement of any kind or nature whatsoever. 
 Collateral Documents shall mean agreements entered into by the parties pursuant to this Agreement and shall include the Share Keun -Pledge Agreement, the Waiver and Transfer of Business Right and Implementation Right, the Account Keun -Pledge Agreement, the Yangdo-Dambo Agreement, the Builder s Construction Completion Guaranty, the Builder s Waiver and Estoppel Letter for the Construction Right and the Right of Retention, the Monetary Claim Trust Agreement, the Cash Deficiency Support by the Builder and or the Management Service Company, the Insurance Keun -Pledge Agreement, the Collateral Trust Agreement, MGE s Credit Enhancement Support Agreement, the Builder s Junior CB Subscription Covenant Letter and other documents agreed by and between the Lenders and the Borrower as the Collateral Documents (but not limited thereto). 
 Security Right shall mean all security rights to be granted to the Lenders under the Collateral Documents, and the Collateral shall mean the subject of the Collateral Documents. 
 Pledgees shall mean collectively, the Facility Agent and the Lenders (including their respective successors). 
 Collateral Trust Agreement shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 12 of Article 15. 
 Loan shall mean, collectively, Tranche A Loan and Tranche B Loan. 
 Loan Repayment Account shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 3 of Article 14. 
 Loan Drawdown Account shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 2 of Article 14. 
 Facility shall mean, collectively, Tranche A Facility and Tranche B Facility, to the extent of KRW One Trillion Forty Billion 1,040,000,000,000) in total. 
 Loan Commitment shall mean the amount the Lenders agree to lend to the Borrower, and Loan Commitment per Lender is as set forth in Exhibit 1 . 
 Maturity shall mean the date when forty-eight (48) months have passed from the Initial Drawdown Date, and if such date is not a Business Day, the following Business Day shall be the date of Maturity. 
 Revenue Management Account shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 6 of Article 14. 
 Revenue Collection Account shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 5 of Article 14. 
 11 

Mezzanine Loan Agreement shall mean a facility agreement to be executed by the Shareholder with certain funds advised by Bain Capital Credit, LP or its affiliate to finance US 275,000,000 and pre-funded cash interest thereof. 
 Commitment Fee Payment Date shall mean the last date of any Interest Period, provided, however, that if any proposed Commitment Fee Payment Date is not a Business Day, the following Business Day shall be the Commitment Payment Date. 
 
 Laws shall mean, collecteively, constitution, act, enforcement decree, enforcement rule, municipal ordinance, notification, established rule, guideline, provision, and any other similar rules. 
 Insurance Keun -Pledge Agreement shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 11 of Article 15. 
 The Project shall have the meaning stipulated in the Recitals above, and as the date of this Agreement, the valid Process Confirmation regarding this Agreement is as shown in Exhibit 6 . 
 Project Facilities shall mean, collectively, the Buildings and the Family Park. 
 Buildings shall mean the facilities to be newly built on the Project Site pursuant to the Project, including hotels, casino buildings, related commercial facilities and other ancillary facilities provided, however, that temporary buildings built and used in connection with the construction of the Building during the Construction Period are not included herein. 
 Prerequisites of Notification of Eligibility shall mean the prerequisites set forth in the Response to the Application for Approval of Amendment of the Inspire Integrated Resort Development Project received by the Borrower from the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism on March 31, 2021. 
 Family Park shall mean the facilities to be newly built on the Project Site pursuant to the Project, including a family park and other related ancillary facilities. 
 Insolvency Event shall mean occurrence of any of the following events to a company 
 1) Where the company is required to dissolve or liquidate under the relevant Laws or the company voluntarily initiates or files an application for initiation of dissolution or liquidation procedure, rehabilitation or bankruptcy procedure under the Debtor Rehabilitation and Bankruptcy Act, management procedures for entities showing signs of insolvency (joint management procedure, a lead creditor bank s management procedure, etc.) under the Corporate Restructuring Promotion Act, joint management procedure or preliminary joint management procedure under the creditor bank s standing council s code of operation, or any procedure leading to a similar outcome 
 12 

2) Where an application for any of the procedures set forth in Subparagraph 1) above has been filed against the company by its creditor or a third party and the company fails to have such application dismissed within one (1) month 
 3) Where the company has applied for or consented to an appointment of a trustee to serve for bankruptcy, rehabilitation, liquidation or dissolution of the company 
 4) Where the competent court has issued an order, rendered a judgment or made a decision in favor of the company s bankruptcy, rehabilitation, liquidation or dissolution, or a certain procedure leading to a similar outcome, or disposition of the company s major assets 
 
 5) Where the company sustains a disposition of suspending transactions issued by a clearing house 
 
 6) Where the company receives a notice of collection of taxes and public imposts before payment period due to delinquency of taxes the company expressly or impliedly declares that it is unable to pay its indebtedness and ceases payment or notes or checks issued by the company are dishonored 
 
 7) Where an application is filed to register the company in the list of defaulters or the company is designated as an entity showing signs of insolvency under the Corporate Restructuring Promotion Act or 
 8) Where the company which is in default of its payment obligations assigns its assets to its creditors for repayment purposes, or enters into negotiations or arrangements with its creditors for adjustment of its indebtedness such as the extension of the maturity of such indebtedness, or reduction of any part thereof. 
 Non-Hotel Facility shall mean any Project Facility that is not a Hotel Facility. 
 Non-Hotel Revenue Collection Account shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 5 of Article 14. 
 Business Plan shall mean the business plan (including the business plan changed according to the Response to the Application for Approval of Amendment of the Inspire Integrated Resort Development Project dated March 31, 2021 and as amended from time to time thereafter) of the Borrower submitted to and approved by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism in connection with the casino business license of the Project. 
 Project Documents shall mean, collectively, the Business Plan, the Implementation Agreement, the Construction Agreement, the HOA, the Hotel Management Agreement, the Junior CB Subscription Agreement (including Junior CB certificates) and other agreements and documents agreed by the parties as the Project Documents. 
 13 

Fee Letter means the fee letter to be executed by and between a Lender and the Borrower setting out the terms of the handling fees or other fees and costs. 
 Waiver and Estoppel Letter for the Construction Right and the Right of Retention shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 7 of Article 15. 
 Waiver and Transfer of Business Right and Implementation Right shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 2 of Article 15. 
 Implementation Agreement shall mean the 1 st Amended Implementation Agreement of Incheon International Airport Corporation s IBC-III Development Project entered into as of April 27, 2017 by and between the Borrower and Incheon International Airport Corporation for the Project (as may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time after the execution thereof). 
 Yangdo-Dambo Agreement shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 4 of Article 15. 
 Agreements Subject to Yangdo-Dambo shall mean the Implementation Agreement, the Construction Agreement, the HOA and the Hotel Management Agreement. 
 General Terms and Conditions of Credit Transaction shall mean the General Terms and Conditions of Credit Transaction (for corporate customer) of the Facility Agent as attached hereto as Exhibit 4 (General Terms and Conditions of Credit Transaction). 
 Default Interest Rate shall have the meaning as set forth in Article 17. 
 Business Day shall mean a day on which banks are open for business in Seoul, Korea. 
 Account Keun -Pledge Agreement shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 3 of Article 15. 
 Operation Commencement Date shall mean the starting date of commercial operation of the Project Facilities for their respective intended uses after Completion of the Project (for the avoidance of doubt, the starting date of the operation of both the casino and the hotel facilities). 
 Operating Account shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 4 of Article 14. 
 Operation Period shall mean a period from the Operation Commencement Date to the expiration of the land use period (as extended) under the Implementation Agreement. 
 Working Capital Facility shall mean the facility, subject to the following conditions, which the Borrower receives from certain financial institutions or other lenders (the Working Capital Facility Lender for the purpose of financing working capital for the Project 
 14 

1) no security interest in favour of the Working Capital Facility Lender shall be created for the purpose of securing the due payment under the Working Capital Facility 
 2) the Working Capital Facility shall mature after the maturity date of the Secured Obligations, and ranks lower than the Secured Obligations in the order of repayment and 
 3) in relation thereto, the Working Capital Facility Lender, the Borrower and the Lenders shall execute an intercreditor agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders including the following terms (i) in the event the Working Capital Facility Lender intends to declare an event of default and accelerate the Working Capital Facility, the consent from the lenders holding more than 2 3 of the total loans which consist of the Loans and the loans under Working Capital Facility(including undrawn Loan commitment) shall be obtained among the Lenders and the Working Capital Facility Lender, and (ii) even in case of default and acceleration of the Working Capital Facility, the repayment under the Working Capital Facility shall be permitted only with the unanimous consent of the Lenders or after the repayment of the Secured Obligations in full. 
 KRW or shall mean the lawful currency of the Republic of Korea. 
 Management Service Company shall mean Hanwha Hotels and Resorts Corp. which is contemplated to provide management service with respect to 3 blocks of hotel among the Project Facilities under the Hotel Management Agreement executed with the Borrower. 
 SPC Lenders shall mean, among the Lenders (including their successors), the Lenders in the type of SPC that issue asset-backed securities, etc. based on their loan claims as underlying assets. 
 Interest Period shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 2 of Article 4 in connection with payment of interests on the Loan. 
 Interest Reserve Commitment shall mean the Loan Commitments of which Drawdown is withheld for the payment of interests on the Loan under this Agreement, (i.e. the Loan Commitments set forth in the initial Interest Reserve Commitment column of the Drawdown Plan of Exhibit 2 Initial Interest Reserve Commitment deducted by an amount of interests on the Loan having actually been paid to the Lenders, and the amount of Loan to be withdrawn from the Interest Reserve Commitment shall be referred to as the Interest Reserve Loan . 
 Interest Rate Decision Date shall mean, in connection with the floating rate loan, with respect to each Drawdown under the Facility (i) with respect to decision of the initial interest rate on each Drawdown, the two (2) Business Day immediately preceding each Drawdown Date, and (ii) with respect to decision of the interest rate other than the initial interest rate, the three (3) Business Day immediately preceding the starting date of each Interest Period. 
 15 

Interest Deposit Account , Interest Deposit and Required Interest Deposit shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 7 of Article 14. 
 Interest Payment Date shall mean the first date or the last date of any Interest Period, and the Interest Payment Date per Lender is as set forth in Exhibit 1 provided, however, that if any proposed Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, the following Business Day shall be the Interest Payment Date. 
 Drawdown shall mean any drawdown of the Loan Commitments of each Tranche pursuant to Article 3, and the Drawdown Amount shall mean the amount of such Drawdown that is not yet repaid, and the Drawdown Date shall mean the date on which such Drawdown is made. 
 Availability Period shall mean a period from the Execution Date(including that day) to the date falling on forty five (45) months(including that day) after the Execution Date or a period adjusted by a prior written agreement by and between the Borrower and the Majority Lenders. Provided, however, that notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall make a request for the initial Drawdown of the Loan Commitments hereunder within one (1) month from the Execution Date of this Agreement. 
 Drawdown Request shall mean a notice in form as attached hereto as Form A . 
 Approvals shall mean all authorizations, consents, licenses, approvals, registrations, exemptions, permits, or similar requirements of any Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction over the person seeking or requiring such Approvals. 
 Cash Deficiency Support Agreement shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 9 of Article 15. 
 Equity Capital shall mean a sum of amount comprising capital items on the financial statement of the Borrower as calculated in accordance with K-GAAP. Equity Capital shall be calculated on the basis of the Borrower s separate financial statements, not the Borrower s consolidated financial statements. 
 Governmental Authorities shall mean the state, the government, the local government, its sub-structures, or other entities or organizations having legislative, judicial and administrative functions. 
 Share Keun -Pledge Agreement shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 1 of Article 15. 
 Completion of Construction shall mean the state in which all of the following conditions are fulfilled (i) construction of the Project Facilities (including the Buildings and the Family Park) is completed, pre-use inspection is completed and approval of ordinary use thereof is granted (for avoidance of doubt, excluding temporary or conditional approval of use) (ii) the Borrower 
 16 

obtained material statutory Approvals necessary for operation of the Project Facilities (excluding the casino business license) and is issued the relevant certificates and (iii) the Builder has fully performed its contractual obligations for the completion of the Project Facilities under the Construction Agreement. 
 Completion of Construction Date shall mean the date of Completion of Construction of the Project Facilities. 
 Material Adverse Effect shall mean (i), any event that may have material adverse effect on the conditions of the business, operation, properties, financial standing and conditions for business implementation of MGE, Shareholders or the Borrower, (ii) any event that may have a material adverse effect on MGE, Shareholders or the Borrower s performance of their respective obligations under the Financing Documents, which could make them unable to perform their obligations or (iii) any event that may have a material adverse effect on the validity or enforceability of the Financing Documents or the validity or enforceability of rights or remedies of the Lenders or the Facility Agent under the Financing Documents. Whether an event may have a material adverse effect in connection with this Agreement shall be reasonably and objectively judged by the Facility Agent. 
 
 Material Circumstances shall mean any of the following circumstances 
 1) Execution, amendment, cancellation, termination, or rescission of the Project Documents or material default by any party to the Project Documents 
 2) Acquisition, change, revocation or withdrawal of the Approvals that are material to the performance of the Project 
 3) The Borrower s representations and warranties in this Agreement are found to be different from the truth in material respects 
 4) The Borrower is in breach of the Affirmative Covenants or the Negative Covenants under this Agreement 
 5) An Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default takes place 
 6) The Borrower is or is likely to be in breach of other Financing Documents 
 7) Disputes (including litigation) arise in relation to the Borrower or the Borrower s assets (excluding an event that does not have a Material Adverse Effect) 
 8) A force majeure event takes place thereby discharging obligations of the Borrower or the counterparty under the Project Documents to which the Borrower is a party 
 17 

9) An event causing insurance claims takes place in connection with an insurance agreement to which the Borrower is a party and such event has a Material Adverse Effect on repayment of the Principals and Interests of the Loan or 
 10) Occurrence of any other event reasonably deemed by the Borrower to be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Borrower s business, assets or financial standing or repayment of the Principals and the Interests of the Loan to the Lenders. 
 Construction Completion Guaranty shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 6 of Article 15. 
 Excess Cash Flow shall mean the amount calculated pursuant to the definition set forth in Exhibit 5 (Excess Cash Flow Definition) attached hereto. Provided, however, that when calculating the interest expense in a month in which no Interest Payment Date falls, even if the Borrower has not actually paid any interest during such month, the amount of interest calculated by applying the number of days elapsed until the date of calculation of the Excess Cash Flow shall be deemed as interest expense in calculating the Excess Cash Flow. 
 Shareholder shall mean MGE Korea Limited, the 100 shareholder of the Borrower. 
 Return of Capital shall mean distribution of profits (dividend in cash or stocks), redemption of redeemable stocks or redeemable convertible preferred shares, reduction of capital, retirement of shares, acquisition of treasury shares, or any payment to its shareholders or partners of cash or other assets in connection with their interest holdings. 
 Initial Drawdown Date shall mean the date on which the Borrower first draws down the Loan Commitments in whole or in part. 
 Notifying Duty Agent shall mean KB Securities Co., Ltd. who conducts tasks set forth in Section 4 of Article 19 
 Investment shall mean acquisition of equity interests (in whatever form including stocks) or equity-linked securities of a corporate entity (in whatever form), transfer and acquisition of business from a third party, or any similar asset transfer and acquisition or capital expenditure. 
 Project Accounts shall mean, collectively, the Loan Repayment Account, the Loan Drawdown Account, the Revenue Management Account, the Revenue Collection Account, the Operating Account, the Interest Deposit Account and accounts to be additionally created and maintained in accordance with Article 14 of this Agreement. 
 Secured Obligations shall mean any and all present or future obligations to be borne by the Borrower to the Lenders and the Facility Agent under the Financing Documents. 
 Korea shall mean the Republic of Korea. 
 18 

Permitted Lien shall mean any of the following Liens Regarding item 4 below, in case the Borrower establish Permitted Lien on Borrower s major assets, the Borrower shall notify the Facility Agent. 
 1) Any Liens established pursuant to the Financing Documents 
 2) Any Liens established in accordance with the Laws 
 3) Junior Liens established to secure the obligations under the Junior CB Subscription Agreement or the Junior CBs 
 4) Any Liens established in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower 
 5) Any Liens established to secure return of the lease deposit or chonsei security deposit of lessees or chonsei right holders of real estate owned by the Borrower 
 6) Any Liens established over the relevant facilities in connection with FF&E Lease Financing 
 7) Any Liens established over the Borrower s assets as of the Execution Date of which details have been notified in writing by the Borrower to the Facility Agent in advance and 
 8) Any Liens established with a prior written consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with instructions of the Majority Lenders. 
 Permitted Indebtedness shall mean any of the following indebtedness Regarding item 3 below, in case of any material commercial indebtedness, the Borrower shall notify the Facility Agent. 
 1) Any indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Financing Documents 
 2) Any indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Laws 
 3) Any commercial indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower 
 4) Any indebtedness incurred under the Junior CB Subscription Agreement and Junior CBs 
 5) Any management fee incurred (during the Operation Period) pursuant to the MGE Management Agreement (the Management Fee 
 6) Any development fee incurred (during the Operation Period) pursuant to the MGE Development Agreement (the Development Fee 
 19 

7) any indebtedness up to KRW 40 Billion 40,000,000,000) incurred (during the Operation Period) pursuant to the FF&E Lease Financing on the terms approved by the Facility Agent given in accordance with the instruction of the Majority Lenders 
 8) any indebtedness up to KRW 30 Billion 30,000,000,000) incurred under the Working Capital Facility 
 9) Any indebtedness existing as of the Execution Date of which details have been notified in writing by the Borrower to the Facility Agent prior to the Execution Date and 
 10) Any other indebtedness incurred with a prior written consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with instructions of the Majority Lenders. 
 Permitted Investment shall mean any of the following investments 
 1) Investment in cash, cash equivalents or products classified as short-term financial products of which credit standing is at least AA+(A1) under K-IFRS including MMF, or short-term fund management products of which credit standing is at least AA+(A1) with less than one (1) year maturity or 
 2) Any Investment with a prior written consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with instructions of the Majority Lenders. 
 Hotel Management Agreement shall mean Hotel Management Agreement that is entered into by and between Borrower and Management Service Company in the purpose of consigned operation of three (3) hotel towers among Project Facilities. 
 Hotel Facility shall mean the certain hotel building to be constructed on the Project Site and their ancillary facilities (save for casinos). 
 Hotel Revenue Collection Account shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 5 of Article 14. 
 Hotel Operating Expenses Execution Account shall mean set forth in Section 5 of Article 14. 
 Junior CBs shall mean CBs to be issued by the Borrower in an aggregate face value equivalent to KRW One Hundred Billion 100,000,000,000) on the terms of issuance reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders and with junior priority to the Secured Obligation in respect of payment. 
 Junior CB Subscription Agreement shall mean the Junior CB Subscription Agreement to be entered into by and between the Borrower and the Builder in form and substance agreed to by the Facility Agent under which the Builder shall subscribe for Junior CBs. 
 20 

Junior CB Subscription Covenant Letter shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8 of Article 15. 
 Environmental Laws shall mean any and all Laws relating to environmental pollution or environmental conservation and regulating the Borrower and the Borrower s business, including the Framework Act on Environmental Policy, the Environmental Dispute Mediation Act, the Act on the Control and Aggravated Punishment of Environmental Offenses, the Noise and Vibration Control Act, the Soil Environment Conservation Act, the Clean Air Conservation Act, and the Wastes Control Act, etc.. 
 FF&E Lease Financing shall mean the Lease Financing Agreement under which the Borrower leases from a lease financing company the furniture, fixture & equipment for operation of the Project Facilities during a specified period and pays the consideration thereof to the lease financing company. 
 HOA shall mean the Interim Hotel Management Contract to be entered into by and between the Borrower and the Management Service Company which shall contain the major terms and conditions to be included in the Hotel Management Agreement. 
 MGE shall mean Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority d b a Mohegan Gaming & Entertainment indirectly controlling the Borrower via the Shareholder, etc. 
 MGE Development Agreement shall mean, collectively, (i) the International Development Services Agreement entered into by and between the Borrower and Mohegan Gaming Advisors, LLC as of April 10, 2017 and (ii) the Local Development Services Agreement entered into by and between the Borrower and MGE Korea, LLC as of April 10, 2017. 
 MGE Credit Enhancement Support Agreement shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 10 of Article 15. 
 MGE Management Agreement shall mean the Management Services Agreement entered into by and between the Borrower and Mohegan Gaming Advisors, LLC as of December 1, 2019. 
 Tranche A Lenders shall mean the Lenders listed in Exhibit 1 , providing credit facility to the Borrower in accordance with Tranche A Facility. 
 Tranche A Loan shall have the meaning as defined in subparagraph A, Section 1 of Article 2. 
 Tranche A Facility shall mean the credit facility to be provided by Tranche A Lenders up to KRW Seven Hundred Forty Billion 740,000,000,000). 
 21 

Tranche B Lenders shall mean the Lenders listed in Exhibit 1 , providing credit facility to the Borrower in accordance with Tranche B Facility. 
 Tranche B Loan shall have meaning as defined in subparagraph B, Section 1 of Article 2. 
 Tranche B Facility shall mean the credit facility to be provided by Tranche B Lenders up to KRW Three Hundred Billion 300,000,000,000). 
 Section 2 Construction 
 A. In this Agreement, references to any agreement or document shall be construed as references to such agreement or document as amended, novated or supplemented from time to time references to plans, Laws, enforcement decrees, rules and public notifications shall be construed as references to plans, Laws, enforcement decrees, rules and public notifications effective as of the Execution Date and include plans, Laws, enforcement decrees, rules and public notifications as amended or replaced after the Execution Date. 
 B. In this Agreement, unless the context requires otherwise, any reference to words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa. 
 C. Any accounting terms used herein shall, unless specifically otherwise defined herein, be used or interpreted in accordance with the K-GAAP. 
 D. In this Agreement, the Lenders, the Borrower and other person entity referred to herein shall include their respective successors. 
 E. In this Agreement, a month means a period starting on one day in a calendar month and ending on the preceding day of the numerically corresponding day in the next calendar month or (if there is no such numerically corresponding day or if a period starts on the last day in a calendar month) on the last day of such next calendar month. 
 F. In this Agreement, a Corresponding Date of a date shall mean the numerically corresponding date in a referred calendar month, or the numerically corresponding date and month in a referred calendar year. 
 G. In this Agreement, tax or taxation includes any tax, levy, duty, charge, impost, fee, deduction or withholding of any nature now or hereafter imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any taxing or other Governmental Authorities and includes any interest, penalty or other charge payable in respect thereof. 
 H. In this Agreement, Liability or Claim of a party shall be construed to mean Claim or Liability of the counterparty. 
 22 

I. If a date on which a payment is required to be made is not on a Business Day, the payment shall be made on the immediately following Business Day. 
 
 Article 2 Facility 
 Section 1 Facilities of Each Tranche 
 A. In accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Tranche A Lenders shall extend to the Borrower a loan in the amount up to their respective Tranche A Loan Commitments under Tranche A Facility in proportion to their respective Loan Commitments (an outstanding amount drawn down but not yet repaid is referred to as Tranche A Loan ). 
 B. In accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Tranche B Lenders shall extend to the Borrower a loan in the amount up to their respective Tranche B Loan Commitments under Tranche B Facility in proportion to their respective Loan Commitments (an outstanding amount drawn down but not yet repaid is referred to as Tranche B Loan ). 
 Section 2 Purpose of Loan 
 A. The Borrower shall apply the Loan (excluding the Interest Reserve Loan) exclusively to construction, operation, financial and other project costs in connection with the Project. 
 B. The Borrower shall use the Interest Reserve Loan exclusively for payment of interests on the Loan extended in accordance with this Agreement provided, however, in the case of a condition stated in Section 1 Part B of Article 3, the Borrower may use the Interest Reserve Loan for the purpose other than payment of the interests. 
 C. Neither the Lenders nor the Facility Agent shall have any responsibility in connection with the Borrower s application of the Loan. 
 Section 3 Lenders Several Liability 
 A. The rights and obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several, and each Lender and the Facility Agent shall be entitled to enforce its respective rights arising out of any of the Financing Documents unless otherwise specified thereunder. 
 B. A failure of any Lender to perform its obligations hereunder shall neither hold other Lenders or the Facility Agent exempted from their own obligations nor implicate other Lenders to bear such non-performing Lender s obligations. 
 
 23 

Article 3 Drawdown 
 Section 1 Drawdown Procedure 
 A. Before Completion of Construction of the Project, the Borrower may request Drawdown of the Loan Commitments during the Availability Period in accordance with the Drawdown Plan as set out in Exhibit 2 . In case where progress of the Project is delayed or there is any other unavoidable event, the Borrower may adjust the Drawdown schedule under the Drawdown Plan as set out in Exhibit 2 after obtaining prior written consents from the Facility Agent given in accordance with the instruction of the Majority Lenders. After Completion of Construction of the Project, the Borrower may request Drawdown of the Loan Commitments on any Interest Payment Date during the Availability Period. 
 B. Notwithstanding paragraph A, (i) the Borrower may request Drawdown of the Interest Reserve Loan from the Interest Reserve Commitment on each Interest Payment Date during the Construction Period and (ii) during the Operation Period, in case it is expected to be difficult to pay the amount of interests payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date from the cash deposited in the Revenue Deposit Account, the Borrower may, three (3) Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, request the Facility Agent to make a Drawdown and with the Facility Agent s consent, such Drawdown from the Interest Reserve Commitment shall be made provided, however, if, notwithstanding item (ii) above, payment of interest is made from the cash deposited in the Revenue Deposit Account and results in any unused and outstanding Interest Reserve Commitment, the Borrower may request Drawdown of the Loan Commitment in the amount equal to the amount of such unused and outstanding Interest Reserve Commitment, for the purpose consented by the Majority Lenders. 
 C. If the Borrower intends to draw down the Loan Commitments, the Borrower shall file with the Facility Agent a Drawdown Request in form and substance as set forth in Form A not later than three (3) Business Days prior to the date set for Drawdown Proposed Drawdown Date or the later time which the Facility Agent agreed. Provided, however, that the Borrower shall submit a Drawdown Request consented by the Builder before the Completion of Construction, which consent may be omitted after the Completion of Construction. 
 D. The Borrower shall draw down KRW One Hundred Million 100,000,000) or if more than that, multiple amounts of KRW One Hundred Million 100,000,000) (except for the last Drawdown), and the unit of Loan Commitment made available from each Lender may be adjusted at discretion of the Facility Agent. 
 24 

E. The Facility Agent shall notify the Lenders of the receipt of a Drawdown Request and the specific method of Drawdown including the amount of Loan Commitments to be made available from each Lender. 
 F. The Borrower shall request Drawdown in accordance with this Section, and may not arbitrarily delay a Drawdown Request, reduce a Drawdown amount or rescind a Drawdown Request once submitted. 
 G. Upon receipt of a Drawdown Request, subject to fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Section 2 and or 3 of this Article, each Lender shall extend a loan to the Borrower on the designated Proposed Drawdown Date by depositing a specified amount of Loan to the Loan Drawdown Account opened in the name of the Borrower with the Facility Agent (provided, in case of Interest Reserve Loan, to the Loan Repayment Account). Provided that, each lender may deposit after deducting the fee and interest due on the date of withdrawal from the loan amount. 
 H. After the Loan from each Lender is deposited to the Loan Drawdown Account, the Facility Agent shall immediately deduct accrued and unpaid fees, interests and other financial costs, etc. from the Loan and transfer the remaining Loan from the Loan Drawdown Account to the Operating Account of the Borrower. 
 I. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, the Facility Agent and the Borrower may go through the Drawdown Procedure in accordance with a separately agreed-on schedule and procedure, upon consent from all the Lenders. 
 Section 2 Conditions Precedent to Initial Drawdown 
 The obligations of the Lenders to make the Loan Commitments of each Tranche available to the Borrower on the Initial Drawdown Date are subject to the fulfillment of the following conditions to the Facility Agent s reasonable satisfaction 
 A. The Borrower shall have submitted to the Facility Agent all the required documents prior to Drawdown as listed in Exhibit 3 prior to making a Drawdown Request to the Facility Agent or not later than the time agreed with the Facility Agent. The documents shall be prepared in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent. 
 B. Except as scheduled to be executed after the Initial Drawdown Date under this Agreement, all of the Financing Documents shall have been duly executed not later than the Initial Drawdown Date and kept valid since then. 
 C. Except for the Collateral Documents scheduled to be executed after the Initial Drawdown Date under this Agreement, the Borrower shall have entered into the Collateral Documents and perfect the Security Right in accordance with the Collateral 
 25 

Documents not later than the Initial Drawdown Date. Provided, however, that if perfection of the Security Right is possible after the Initial Drawdown Date in light of the particulars of the relevant Lien, the relevant Security Right shall be perfected at a time when it is possible. 
 D. The Implementation Agreement and other subsidiary agreements (if necessary) shall have been duly and validly entered into by and between the Borrower and Incheon International Airport Corporation in terms reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders and shall continue to be effective. 
 E. The Borrower shall have obtained from the Governmental Authorities the Approvals necessary in connection with the Project and maintained such Approvals valid (limited to the Approvals required to be obtained not later than the Initial Drawdown Date, and excluding the casino business license). 
 F. Aggregate amount invested in the Borrower shall be maintained not to be less than US 500,000,000 which is the minimum amount required for foreign direct investment under Article 23-3(1)1 of the FEZ Act, and the aggregate amount invested in the Borrower by the Shareholders shall not be less than US 575,000,000 as required due to cash flow in connection with this Project agreed by the Lenders. 
 G. The MGE Credit Enhancement Support Agreement shall have been duly and validly executed in terms reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders, including the provisions of Section 10 of Article 15, and shall be continuing in effect. 
 H. The Construction Agreement (including the Builder s obligation to guarantee completion of the construction) shall have been duly and validly entered into by and between the Borrower and the Builder in terms reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders and shall continue to be effective. 
 I. The Builder shall have prepared and submitted to the Facility Agent the Construction Completion Guaranty (including the obligation to assume liabilities) in terms reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders with the Builder s internal authorization procedure thereof completed as necessary. 
 J. The Builder shall have duly and validly executed the Junior CB Subscription Covenant Letter in terms reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders and submitted it to the Facility Agent with the internal authorization procedure completed as necessary. 
 K. The HOA (containing major terms and conditions to be included in the Management Service Agreement) shall have been duly and validly entered into by and between the Borrower and the Hotel Management Service Company in terms reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders and shall continue to be valid. 
 26 

L. The Cash Deficiency Support Agreement shall have been entered into by and between the Builder and the Management Service Company to the effect that both the Builder and the Management Service Company shall bear the obligation of cash deficiency support in connection with the payment of interest on Tranche B Loan and Interest Deposit Account and shall be submitted to the Facility Agent and the internal authorization procedures of the Builder and the Management Service Company necessary therefor shall be completed. 
 M. The Borrower shall collect from Incheon International Airport Corporation and deliver to the Facility Agent a consent letter of (i) agreeing to the creation of yangdo-dambo right on the position and rights of the Borrower under the Implementation Agreement, (ii) providing a prior consent to disposition of the Borrower s assets provided as the Collateral to the Lenders in accordance with the Collateral Documents in case of acceleration of the Secured Obligations, and (iii) setting forth alternatives (in terms reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent) in case of termination of the Implementation Agreement due to reasons attributable to the Borrower. 
 N. The Borrower shall have completed its internal procedures (board resolutions, or if required under the Laws or its Articles of Incorporation, resolutions of the general meeting of shareholders, to the extent necessary for execution and performance of the relevant agreements) to approve execution and performance of the Financing Documents. 
 O. The Borrower shall have MGE complete its internal authorization procedure of approving execution and performance of the Financing Documents to which MGE is a party. 
 P. The Borrower shall have paid fees and costs in full as set forth in Article 6 when due and payable. 
 Q. The Borrower shall have sent to the Facility Agent a Drawdown Request during the banking hours (in Seoul) of a date being not later than three (3) Business Days prior to the Proposed Drawdown Date or the later time agreed to by the Facility Agent. 
 R. Conditions or submitted documents in connection with the conditions precedent to Drawdown shall continue to be in full force and effect until the Proposed Drawdown Date, and if necessary, substituted with appropriate documents. 
 S. No Event of Default or Potential Event of Default shall exist on the Drawdown Date, and no such event shall arise due to the relevant Drawdown. 
 T. Representations and warranties made by the Obligors in this Agreement and other Financing Documents shall be true and correct as of the Drawdown Date. 
 27 

U. Following the Execution Date until the relevant Drawdown Date, no domestic international political, economic, or social event likely to have Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred and be continuing at the reasonable discretion of the Facility Agent. 
 V. The Phase 1B Project Performance Guarantee Agreement shall have been duly and validly entered into by and between the Borrower and Incheon International Airport Corporation in connection with the requirements in Article 7-2(1) of the Attached Conditions of Notice of Eligibility in terms reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders and shall continue to be effective. 
 W. The Borrower shall have submitted to the Facility Agent the additional documents, etc. reasonably requested by the Facility Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. (Seoul Time) on the Proposed Drawdown Date, provided, however, Facility Agent s request for additional documents, etc. must be received by the Borrower not later than one (1) Business Day before the Proposed Drawdown Date. 
 Section 3 Conditions Precedent to Subsequent Drawdown 
 The obligations of the Lenders to make Loan Commitment of each tranche available to the Borrower after the Initial Drawdown Date are subject to the fulfillment of the following conditions in substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent. The documents that have already been submitted to the Facility Agent prior to the Proposed Drawdown Date including such documents submitted as conditions precedent to the Initial Drawdown and have not been changed may still be used 
 A. All of the conditions precedent to Initial Drawdown as set forth in Section 2 shall have been validly satisfied and 
 B. All of the conditions subsequent to Drawdown as set forth in Section 4 below that shall be required to be satisfied prior to the relevant Drawdown Date shall have been satisfied. 
 Section 4 Conditions Subsequent to Drawdown 
 The following conditions shall be fulfilled to the reasonable satisfaction of the Facility Agent subsequent to the Drawdown 
 A. The Borrower shall obtain casino license required for the operation of the Project, within thirty-one (31) months from the Initial Drawdown Date. 
 B. Immediately upon Completion of Construction of the Project Facilities (within one (1) month from the Completion of Construction Date), the Borrower shall complete title registration of the Project Facilities in its name and at the same time, enter into the 
 28 

Real Estate Collateral Trust Agreement with a trustee reasonably appointed by the Facility Agent so that Tranche A Lenders shall be the first priority beneficiaries and Tranche B Lenders shall be the second priority beneficiaries and the Lenders shall be issued the preferential beneficiary certificates up to 130 of their respective Loans at the request of each Lender. 
 C. Immediately upon Completion of Construction of the Project Facilities (within one (1) month from the Completion of Construction Date), the Borrower shall purchase an insurance necessary for operation and maintenance of the Project Facilities on terms and conditions to the Facility Agent s reasonable satisfaction with an insurance company to which the Facility Agent has agreed in advance, enter into the Insurance Keun -Pledge Agreement, and establish the insurance keun -pledge over the insurance in favor of Tranche A Lenders as the first priority keun -pledgee and Tranche B Lenders as the second priority keun -pledgee. 
 D. The Borrower shall appoint a supervisor to the Lenders reasonable satisfaction and have the supervisor submit a supervisor s report on the progress of the construction for the Project on the 15 th day of every month (if such date is not a Business Day, the following Business Day). 
 E. The Borrower shall apply the Loan exclusively to the uses as provided by Section 2 of Article 2, and submit relevant supporting documents within thirty (30) days from the Drawdown Date of such Loan. 
 F. Within twelve (12) months from the Initial Drawdown Date, the Borrower shall duly and validly enter into the Hotel Management Agreement with the Management Service Company in terms reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders, and submit a copy of the Hotel Management Agreement to the Lenders and Facility Agent. If the Hotel Management Agreement includes the terms contained in the HOA without any changes that is unfavorable of the Lender, such Hotel Management Agreement shall be deemed to have terms reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders. 
 
 G. In accordance to the Junior CB Subscription Covenant Letter, the Borrower shall issue to the Builder, (i) the first Junior CBs with a principal amount of KRW Fifty Billion 50,000,000,000) by December 31, 2022 and (ii) the second Junior CBs with a principal amount of KRW Fifty Billion 50,000,000,000) by March 31, 2023, and submit a copy of the relevant Junior CB Subscription Agreements to the Facility Agent. 
 
 H. The Borrower shall enter into an amendment to the Implementation Agreement with Incheon International Airport Corporation and submit a copy of the amendment to the 
 29 

Facility Agent no later than September 30, 2021 pursuant to the Attached Conditions of the Notice of Eligibility. 
 
 I. The Borrower shall obtain permission for amendment of the Project and approval for amendment of the implementation plan from the Governmental Authorities no later than March 31, 2022 and submit a copy of the permission for amendment and a copy of the approval for amendment to the Facility Agent. 
 J. The Borrower shall perform other matters reasonably requested by the Facility Agent given in accordance with the instruction of the Majority Lenders. 
 Section 5 Irrevocable Drawdown Request 
 Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, Drawdown Requests are irrevocable, and the Borrower shall draw down the Loan in accordance with the relevant Drawdown Request. In the event the Borrower fails to draw down for any reason (excluding events attributable to the Facility Agent or any Lender), the Borrower shall indemnify the Lenders and the Facility Agent from loss and costs (including losses arising from cancellation of funding or application to other uses), and the amount and the procedure of indemnification shall be in accordance with the Facility Agent s notice thereof. 
 Section 6 Obligation to Request Drawdown under the Drawdown Plan 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article, the Borrower shall request the Drawdown of the Loan Commitments during the Availability Period in accordance with the Drawdown Plan as set out in Exhibit 2 . Provided, however, that the Borrower may adjust the Drawdown schedule under the Drawdown Plan as set out in Exhibit 2 only after obtaining prior written consents from the Facility Agent given in accordance with the instruction of the Majority Lenders. 
 
 Article 4 Interest 
 Section 1 Payment of Interest 
 A. The Borrower shall pay interests accrued on each Drawdown amount of Loan of each Tranche during each Interest Period as calculated by applying the interest rate stated below Agreed Interest Rate on each Interest Payment Date. The Agreed Interest Rate (fixed floating) and the time of interest payment (in advance in arrear) shall be as set forth in Exhibit 1 
 1. Agreed Interest Rate of Tranche A Loan 
 30 

(i) Fixed interest rate 5.4 per annum 
 (ii) Floating interest rate Sum of the Base Rate and the Margin 
 
 2. Agreed Interest Rate of Tranche B Loan 
 (i) Fixed interest rate 7.0 per annum 
 (ii) Floating interest rate Sum of the Base Rate and the Margin 
 B. Any interest that has already been paid shall be returned in no event for any reason including Prepayment or Acceleration. 
 Section 2 Interest Period 
 Interest Period shall mean every three (3) months 
 A. The Initial Interest Period of the Initial Drawdown Amount shall start from the Initial Drawdown Date and end on its Corresponding Date in the calendar month that is three (3) months from the Initial Drawdown Date 
 B. The initial Interest Period of Drawdown amount after the Initial Drawdown shall start on the relevant Drawdown Date and end on the last date of the then-current Interest Period relating to the Initial Drawdown Amount 
 C. Except for the initial Interest Period of each Drawdown amount, each Interest Period shall start from the last date of the immediately preceding Interest Period and end on the Corresponding Date to the Initial Drawdown Date in the calendar month that is three (3) months from the last date of the immediately preceding Interest Period 
 D. If the last date of each Interest Period in accordance with A to C above, is not a Business Day, the Interest Period shall end on the next following Business Day(if the next following Business Day is included in the following month, it ends on the immediately preceding Business Day) 
 E. With respect to any Interest Period, if the last date of Interest Period does not exist, such Interest Period shall end on the last business day of the month which is three (3) months from the month containing the start date, on the premise of the application of sub-paragraph F below and 
 F. Any Interest Period which ends after the Maturity Date shall end on the Maturity Date. 
 Section 3 Calculation of Interest 
 31 

Interest shall accrue from day to day and be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 365 days (in case of a leap-year, 366 days), with any amount less than one Korean Won trimmed. For calculation purposes, the actual number of days elapsed shall include the first day of the Interest Period but exclude the last day. Provided, however, that with respect to repayment of the Loan on the same date of Drawdown thereof, an interest for a day shall accrue. 
 
 Article 5 Repayment, Prepayment and Cancellation of Facility 
 Section 1 Repayment 
 Unless otherwise provided herein, the Borrower shall repay the Loan on the Maturity Date in a bullet payment. 
 Section 2 Voluntary Prepayment 
 A. The Borrower may voluntarily prepay the Loan of each Tranche in whole or in part upon the following terms and conditions Provided, however, that the Borrower may not voluntarily prepay in accordance with this Paragraph until a date (inclusive) after one (1) year has passed from the Initial Drawdown Date 
 1. The Borrower shall give the Facility Agent a written notice of the prepayment amount and the proposed date of prepayment at least five (5) Business Days in advance provided, however, that prepayment shall be made only on each Interest Payment Date. 
 2. Prepayment amount shall be in an amount of at least KRW Ten Billion 10,000,000,000) and if greater, in integral multiples of KRW One Billion 1,000,000,000) or the full amount of the Loan together with interests accrued thereon. 
 3. On the prepayment date, the Borrower shall fully pay the prepayment together with any and all interest accrued thereon up to the date of such prepayment and other fees, etc. due and payable hereunder by depositing the same to the Loan Repayment Account. Immediately upon deposit of the above prepayment into the Loan Repayment Account (in any event within one (1) Business Day from the date of payment), the Facility Agent shall ensure that the prepayment for each Lender is transferred to an account designated by each Lender. 
 B. The Borrower shall pay the voluntary prepayment fee as set forth below as calculated per time of prepayment(Provided that, Prepayment Fee shall be paid within the limits under the applicable laws and internal regulation of each lenders at that time) 
 32 

1. Prepayment during a period from a date when 1 year has passed from the Initial Drawdown Date (not inclusive, if the date is not a Business Day, the following Business Day) to the Completion Date (inclusive, if the date is not a Business Day, the following Business Day) 1.0 of the principal of the Loan to be prepaid. 
 2. Prepayment after the Completion of Construction Date 0.1 of the principal of the Loan to be prepaid. 
 C. The Prepayment notice made by the Borrower in accordance with the foregoing Paragraph A may not be cancelled, and the Borrower shall prepay in accordance with the notified particulars on the prepayment date. 
 D. Only after the principal and interests of Tranche A Loan are fully repaid, Tranche B Loan may be prepaid, and distribution of the prepaid amount to the Lenders ranking pari passu shall be made in proportion to the outstanding principal amount of the Loan of the relevant tranche. 
 E. The Borrower may not re-draw the Loan prepaid in whole or in part. The Borrower is not obligated to prepay the Loan in whole or in part to the Lenders unless provided herein. 
 F. The Borrower shall transfer the prepayment to the Loan Repayment Account not later than the noon of the prepayment date and request the Facility Agent to transfer from the Loan Repayment Account to each Lender s account so that the Loan of each Lender is prepaid. The Facility Agent shall at the request of the Borrower ensure that the prepayment per Lender is transferred from the Loan Repayment Account to the Lender s account within bank business hours of the prepayment date. 
 Section 3 Mandatory Prepayment 
 A. Upon sale of the Collateral or sale of tangible intangible assets with value in excess of KRW Three Billion 3,000,000,000), the Borrower shall apply any proceeds from such sale to prepayment of the Loan. For the avoidance of doubt, sale under this paragraph does not include leases, subleases, licensing, and any other acts which authorizes the right to use without the change of the ownership of tangible intangible assets(For the avoidance of doubt, Borrower shall not grant permission of lease, sub-lease, licensing, or other any Authority to use regarding with casino license). 
 B. Immediately upon receipt of the proceeds from the sale under Paragraph A, the Borrower shall transfer to the Loan Repayment Account the net proceeds remaining after deduction of taxes, public imposts or expenses imposed on or incurred by the Borrower, and make prepayment on the first coming Interest Payment Date after the relevant transfer date. 
 33 

C. Upon receipt of insurance proceeds in connection with any insurance covered event concerning the Collateral, the Borrower shall prepay the Loan in the amount equal to 100 of the insurance proceeds provided, however, the Borrower may, notwithstanding this Section, apply the insurance proceeds to re repair and restore the Collateral with the consent of the Facility Agent with approval of the Majority Lenders(Provided that, the Lenders shall agree to the use for restoration or recovery of the Collateral, unless there are any extenuating circumstances or reasonable justification).. 
 D. Only after payment of the outstanding principal amount of Tranche A Loan, the Borrower may repay Tranche B Loan, and repaid amount per Lender of each Tranche shall be distributed to each Lender in proportion to the outstanding principal of the Loan of each Lender. 
 E. No prepayment fee will be paid by the Borrower with respect to the mandatory prepayment. 
 On the prepayment date, the Borrower shall fully pay any and all accrued interest and other fees, etc. due and payable hereunder, together with the interest on the amount of the Loan so prepaid accrued on a pro rata daily basis up to the date of such prepayment by depositing the same to the Loan Repayment Account. Immediately upon deposit of the above prepayment into the Loan Repayment Account (in any event within one (1) Business Day from the date of payment), the Facility Agent shall ensure that the prepayment for each Lender is transferred to an account designated by each Lender. 
 F. The Borrower may not re-draw an amount prepaid. 
 G. The Borrower shall transfer the prepayment to the Loan Repayment Account not later than the noon of the prepayment date and request the Facility Agent to transfer prepayment per Lender from the Loan Repayment Account to each Lender s account so that the Lenders are prepaid. The Facility Agent shall at the request of the Borrower transfer each Lender s prepayment from the Loan Repayment Account to the Lender s account within bank business hours of the prepayment date. 
 
 Article 6 Fees and Expenses 
 Section 1 Fees 
 The Borrower shall pay fees (as determined in accordance with the Fee Letter) to the Lenders in accordance with the Fee Letter entered into by and between the Borrower and the respective 
 34 

Lender. The fees that has already been paid under the Fee Letter shall not be returned in any event for any reason unless otherwise provided in the Fee Letter. 
 Section 2 Commitment Fees 
 A. The Borrower shall pay the commitment fee in arrear as calculated in the following formula with respect to the relevant Interest Period to the Lenders on each Commitment Fee Payment Date 
 Commitment Fee 0.3 of the amount not drawn down (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding an amount of Drawdown on the same date) from the Loan Commitment of any Lender as of the Commitment Fee Payment Date 
 B. The Commitment Fee shall accrue from day to day, shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 365 days or 366 days (in case of a leap year), including the first day of the relevant period but excluding the last day. Any fractional amount of the Commitment Fee less than KRW 1 shall be rounded down to the nearest KRW 1. 
 Section 3 Expenses 
 The Borrower shall, regardless of whether any Drawdown is made under this Agreement, pay or reimburse all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Facility Agent or the Lenders in connection with preparation, negotiation and registration of this Agreement, the Collateral Documents and other Financing Documents, establishment of Security Right, asset-backed transaction of securitized lenders, financial arrangement and investigation, calculation, permit, consent or waiver to be conducted by the Facility Agent or the Lenders in accordance with the Financing Documents (e.g. cost of establishing and registering rights, appraisal and assessment cost, legal fee or other fees, translation, business trip and other actually incurred expenses together with value added taxes and other taxes and public imposts imposed thereto). The Facility Agent and the relevant Lenders shall furnish the Borrower with receipts, invoices and other supporting documents evidencing such costs and expenses, and the expenses paid pursuant to this Section shall be returned in no event for any reason 
 Section 4 Enforcement Cost 
 As the Facility Agent or the Lenders request from time to time, the Borrower shall reimburse the Facility Agent or the Lenders expenses and fees (including legal fee, other fees, actually incurred fees together with taxes and public imposts including the VAT imposed thereon) reasonably incurred by the Facility Agent or the Lenders for execution based on the Financing Documents, proceedings for the collection of claims under the Financing Documents, preservation of other rights based on the Financing Documents, and procedure to defend litigation or claims, etc. from a third party against the Facility Agent or the Lenders in connection with the Financing Documents. The Facility Agent and the relevant Lender shall 
 35 

furnish the Borrower with receipts, invoices and other supporting documents evidencing such costs and expenses. 
 Section 5 Taxes Relating to the Agreement 
 The Borrower shall pay any present or future stamp duties, any other similar taxes, notarization fee, registration fee and other similar fees that are payable in connection with this Agreement and the Financing Documents, and shall indemnify the Facility Agent and the relevant Lenders from loss suffered by any of them due to default in payment of such tax or fees. 
 
 Article 7 Payments 
 Section 1 Drawdown 
 The amount to be advanced to the Borrower by each Lender pursuant to this Agreement shall be deposited to the Loan Drawdown Account opened in the name of the Borrower at the Facility Agent in funds immediately available for withdrawal on the same day by 3 00 P.M. (Seoul Time) on the relevant Drawdown Date, whereby the Borrower shall be deemed to have borrowed the relevant amount. The Facility Agent shall remit the relevant amount from the Loan Drawdown Account to the Operating Account within bank business hours of the relevant Drawdown Date or a separately agreed upon time after deducting accrued fees and interests from the deposit of the Loan from each Lender. 
 Section 2 Payments by Borrower 
 Each payment required to be made by the Borrower hereunder shall be remitted to the Loan Repayment Account by 2 00 P.M. (Seoul Time) in immediately available funds on the relevant payment date. The Facility Agent shall remit the above amount to an account designated by each Lender by a prior notice given to the Facility Agent in accordance with Section 3 below. The Borrower shall be deemed to have performed its obligations to the Lenders when the Borrower pays the above amount to the Facility Agent. 
 Section 3 Application towards Repayment 
 Any amount received by the Lenders or the Facility Agent on maturity, by prepayment or exercise of the Security Right, etc., which is not sufficient to pay obligations due and payable in full, shall be applied in the following order of priority. Distribution among the Lenders ranking pari passu shall be made pro rata based on the outstanding balance of the principals of the Loan advanced by the Lenders 
 A. Any fees and expenses (including expenses set forth in Article 6) payable to the Facility Agent or the Lenders under the Financing Documents 
 36 

B. Default interest and damages for delay accrued on any sum payable to Tranche A Lenders under the Financing Documents 
 C. Interests on Tranche A Loan when due and payable 
 D. Principal of Tranche A Loan when due and payable 
 E. Default interest and damages for delay accrued on any sum payable to Tranche B Lenders under the Financing Documents 
 F. Interests on Tranche B Loan when due and payable and 
 G. Principal of Tranche B Loan when due and payable. 
 Section 4 Business Day 
 If any sum would otherwise become due for payment on a day which is not a Business Day, that sum shall become due on the next following Business Day, in which case the Interest shall be accordingly adjusted. 
 Section 5 Evidence of Obligations 
 The Facility Agent shall keep an accounting book to record from time to time an amount paid or payable by the Borrower in accordance with the ordinary accounting practices. In any legal disputes or under this Agreement, the records in the accounting book, unless they contain any manifest error, shall be deemed correct and exact about the stated amount and the fact that the Borrower is liable to pay such amount with respect to the Lenders and the Borrower. 
 Section 6 Deemed Effect 
 If this Agreement or other Financing Documents provide that the Lenders or the Facility Agent may determine or confirm any amount or rate payable by the Borrower, such determination or confirmation, unless it contains any manifest error, shall be deemed correct with respect to the Lenders and the Borrower. 
 
 Article 8 Alternative Base Rate 
 Section 1 Grounds for Change in Base Rate 
 If, with respect to the Loan, (i) the Base Rate applicable on any Base Rate Determination Date is not published, or (ii) the published Base Rate does not substantially reflect the Lenders actual funding cost due to a crunch in domestic international market condition or a change in governmental financial monetary policies or for other reasons (excluding any cost increase due 
 37 

to reasons attributable to a certain Lender such as credit rating downgrade, equity capital ratio decrease, breach of laws, etc.), the Facility Agent may, upon a request of the Majority Lenders, determine an alternative Base Rate after notification to the Borrower in accordance with this Article. If any portion of the Loan Commitments remains undrawn, no Drawdown shall be made unless and until an alternative Base Rate is agreed upon in accordance with Section 2 of this Article 8. 
 Section 2 Agreement on Alternative Base Rate 
 Immediately following receipt of a notification pursuant to Section 1 above, the Borrower and the Facility Agent shall negotiate in good faith with a view to agreeing upon an alternative Base Rate on the relevant Tranche Loan, and the Facility Agent shall have consulted with the Lenders prior to such negotiation with the Borrower. If an alternative Base Rate is agreed within a period of thirty (30) Business Days after such notification or such longer period for discussion as the Borrower and the Facility Agent may agree, the alternative Base Rate on the relevant Tranche Loan shall apply retrospectively to the relevant Base Rate Determination Date. 
 Section 3 Determination of Alternative Base Rate by Facility Agent 
 If an alternative Base Rate is not so agreed between the Facility Agent and the Borrower within the negotiation period pursuant to Section 2 above, the Facility Agent shall reasonably determine an alternative Base Rate by reference to market yields of various securities including corporate bonds issued and outstanding in Korea, and notify it to the Borrower and the Lenders in writing, and such alternative Base Rate shall apply retrospectively to the commencement date of the Interest Period related to the relevant Base Rate Determination Date. 
 Section 4 Prepayment 
 If the Borrower does not agree on an alternative Base Rate notified by the Facility Agent pursuant to Section 3 above, the Borrower shall notify the Facility Agent thereof within five (5) Business Days from the receipt of the notification and may fully prepay the principal and interest of the relevant tranche loan including the interest accrued on the Loan at the alternative Base Rate notified by the Facility Agent pursuant to Section 3 (in this case, the alternative Base Rate shall be applied from the next date of the Borrower s receipt of the notification on the alternative Base Rate pursuant to Section 3) and any other obligations owed by the Borrower under this Agreement and the Collateral Documents within ten (10) Business Days from the receipt of the notice of the alternative Base Rate without any prepayment fee. 
 
 Article 9 Change of Laws and Circumstances 
 Section 1 Unlawfulness 
 38 

If it becomes unlawful for any Lender to give effect to its obligations hereunder due to change of Laws, change in interpretation and application of Laws or change in policies of the competent Governmental Authorities, etc. after the Execution Date hereof, the Lender shall so notify the Borrower through the Facility Agent. In that case, such Lender s Loan Commitments shall be cancelled immediately and such Lender s obligation to make the Loan Commitments shall cease. In such case, the Lender shall use its reasonable efforts to mitigate such unlawfulness, and assuming this, the Borrower shall, within thirty (30) Business Days from the receipt of the notification prepay the Lender s Loan in full together with interest accrued thereon to the date of prepayment and any other monies owing hereunder to such Lender. Provided, however, that if the Borrower prepays the Loan pursuant to this Section, no prepayment fee shall be paid. 
 Section 2 Additional Expenses 
 If any of the following events takes place to any Lender, due to change of Laws, change in interpretation and application of Laws or change in policies of the competent Governmental Authorities, etc. after the Execution Date hereof and such event is not cured even with the Lender s reasonable efforts, such Lender shall so notify the Borrower through the Facility Agent 
 A. If the Lender becomes liable to pay any taxes or any sum in connection with any amount paid by the Borrower under this Agreement (excluding taxes imposed on the ordinary operating income of the head office or offices of the Lender or taxes to be reimbursed pursuant to Article 10) or 
 B. If the Lender s cost of Participation increases or received amount in connection with the Loan Agreement decreases, 
 
 In that case, the Borrower shall (irrespective of whether the Lender s Loan is repaid or not) pay to the relevant Lender such taxes or sum as set forth in paragraph A or the increased costs or decreased amount as set forth in paragraph B (collectively, Increased Costs through the Facility Agent. In order for the relevant Lender to bill the Borrower for the Increased Costs, the Lender shall submit to the Borrower the ground, details of calculation, statements or other evidentiary documents of the Increased Costs, and the Lender s confirmation of the Increased Cost shall, unless it contains any manifest error, be regarded correct with respect to the Borrower and the Lenders. Provided, however, that if such Increased Costs continue to be incurred, the Borrower may, after giving at least thirty (30) Business Days prior written notice to the Facility Agent, prepay the relevant Lender s Loan together with interests accrued thereon up to the prepayment date and other sum of money payable by the Borrower(provided that, in the case of such Lender is the Lender of Tranche B, it is necessary to be obtained by the consents of Tranche A lenders who holds at least 2 3 of the aggregate sum of Tranche A 
 39 

loan(including undrawn Loan commitment)), in which case no prepayment fee is payable. After such prepayment in full, the relevant Lender s Loan Commitments shall cease to be effective. 
 Article 10 Taxes, Etc. 
 Section 1 Unconditional Repayment 
 The Borrower shall pay any amount required to be paid under this Agreement in full, without any set-off or making it subject to any other condition or without any deduction or withholding of any taxes. 
 Section 2 Additional Payment 
 If the Borrower or a third party is obligated to deduct or withhold a sum from an amount to be paid to the Facility Agent or any Lender, the Borrower shall pay an additional amount to the relevant payment to ensure that the Facility Agent or the relevant Lender is paid an amount each would have received if no deduction or withholding were to be made. The Borrower shall submit to the Facility Agent or such Lender evidentiary documents that the amount to be deducted or withheld was duly paid to the tax authority etc. Provided, however, that if the Facility Agent or the Lender receives a tax refund or tax benefit from the Governmental Authority, such amount of tax refund or tax benefit shall be immediately returned to the Borrower. 
 
 Article 11 Representations and Warranties of Borrower 
 The Borrower shall represent and warrant the following matters to the Lenders and the Facility Agent as of the Execution Date and each Drawdown Date. As long as this Agreement continues to be effective, the Borrower shall be deemed to continue to represent and warrant the following matters 
 Section 1 Juristic Personality and Qualification 
 The Borrower is a stock company duly organized and validly existing under the Laws of Korea. 
 Section 2 Power and Authority 
 The Borrower has full legal right, power and authority to carry on the business as currently being carried on, own its assets, bear obligations and other liabilities under the Financing Documents, prepare and deliver the Financing Documents and other related documents, and perform all the terms and conditions thereof. 
 Section 3 Solvency 
 40 

The Borrower is able to pay any amount payable in respect of the Loan under the Financing Documents. 
 Section 4 Compliance with Laws 
 The Borrower is in compliance with all Laws, regulations, instructions and guidelines of the Governmental Authorities applicable to the Borrower, including the tax Laws and the environmental Laws of which violation would have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5 Establishment and Maintenance of Lien 
 All the Liens required to be established by the Borrower in favor of the Lenders under the Collateral Documents (only those Liens required to be established as of the relevant date in accordance with this Agreement) have been duly established and maintained. 
 Section 6 Dispute 
 No litigation, administrative proceeding, arbitration or other dispute which would cause a Material Adverse Effect on management or financial standing of the Borrower is presently pending against the Borrower or its assets and, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, there are no issues with respect to such litigation or non-payment of taxes or fees. 
 Section 7 No Other Indebtedness 
 Other than the Permitted Indebtedness as of the Execution Date, the Borrower has no indebtedness to any other third party. 
 Section 8 No Lien 
 Other than the Permitted Lien, the Borrower has good and valid right to all of its assets, free and clear of any Lien or any restriction. 
 Section 9 No Event of Default 
 There is no Event of Default or no Potential Event of Default existing with respect to the Borrower or its assets. 
 Section 10 No Proceeding Including Insolvency 
 No liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy, rehabilitation procedure or other procedures specified under the Debtor Rehabilitation and Bankruptcy Act or the Corporate Restructuring Promotion Act, or workout procedure under the creditor banks autonomous agreement or any other similar procedure has been initiated against or with respect to the Borrower, and to the best knowledge of the Borrower, there is no threat of such procedure. 
 41 

Section 11 Approvals 
 The Borrower has duly obtained and maintained the Approvals necessary for performance of the Project and execution, delivery, and performance of the Financing Documents, and is not in breach of the conditions of such Approvals, as of the Execution Date. 
 Section 12 Authorization of Borrowing 
 The Borrower has taken all appropriate and necessary corporate and legal actions to authorize the execution and delivery of the Financing Documents, to which it is a party, and to authorize the performance and observance of the terms and conditions thereof. 
 Section 13 Legal Actions 
 The Borrower has completed any and all registration, recordation or application procedures (excluding such procedures as required after the Execution Date of this Agreement or the Financing Documents) necessary in order to ensure the legality, validity and enforceability of the Financing Documents and all the documents to be executed and delivered in accordance therewith. 
 Section 14 Binding Agreement Compliance with Laws and Other Agreements 
 The Borrower s obligations under the Financing Documents have duly and validly arisen and are enforceable against the Borrower. The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of the this Agreement (i) will not result in any breach or violation of any Laws applicable to the Borrower (ii) will not result in any breach of the Articles of Incorporation of the Borrower and (iii) will not result in any breach or violation of contracts or certificates relating to the Borrower or its assets. 
 Section 15 Financial Statements 
 The most recent financial statements (including the income statement and the statement of financial position) of the Borrower were prepared in accordance with the Korean Laws, the K-GAAP, and other accounting principles generally applied in Korea, and present a fair description of the financial condition of the Borrower for the time and period indicated. There are no contingent liabilities or losses that have not been included in the financial statements and may have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Borrower, and after the date of the financial statements, there has been no Material Adverse Effect on the business or financial matters of the Borrower. 
 Section 16 Ownership Right to Use 
 The Borrower holds the complete and unrestricted (excluding the Permitted Lien) ownership and or the right to use all the assets the Borrower is holding for the performance of the Project. 
 42 

Section 17 Accuracy of Information 
 All the information furnished in writing by the Borrower to the Lenders or the Facility Agent in connection with the arrangement of the Facility and the negotiation of this Agreement is accurate in all aspects, and the Borrower has provided the Lenders and the Facility Agent with all the information requested thereby for the execution hereof. Any information provided by the Borrower does not contain any false statement or omit a fact that may have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Article 12 Affirmative Covenants 
 Until the time the Secured Obligations are repaid in full, the Borrower shall comply with the following affirmative covenants 
 Section 1 Maintenance of Juristic Personality 
 The Borrower shall maintain its juristic personality in accordance with the applicable Laws. 
 Section 2 Maintenance of Approvals and Compliance with Laws 
 A. The Borrower shall duly and validly obtain and maintain all the Approvals essential for the performance of the Project, and if there are any Approvals yet to be obtained as of the Execution Date as are necessary for the performance of the Project, the Borrower shall timely obtain such Approvals. In this regard, the Borrower shall obtain the casino business license necessary for the performance of the Project within thirty one (31) months from the Initial Drawdown Date and keep the license in full effect and force. 
 B. The Borrower shall fully perform the obligations in accordance with the conditions of each Approval related to the Project (including the Attached Conditions of Notice of Eligibility related to casino business). 
 C. The Borrower shall comply with the applicable Laws, regulations, instructions and guidelines of the Governmental Authorities in material aspects applicable to the Borrower, and obtain or effect all the Approvals and the conditions under the applicable Laws as may be additionally required for the performance of the Project. 
 Section 3 Compliance with Implementation Agreement 
 The Borrower shall perform and comply with its obligations under the Implementation Agreement, and shall keep valid its status as a party thereto. 
 Section 4 Compliance with HOA and Hotel Management Agreement 
 43 

The Borrower shall ensure that the HOA and the Hotel Management Agreement is duly and validly executed to the Lenders reasonable satisfaction, shall comply with and perform its obligations under the HOA and the Hotel Management Agreement, and shall keep valid its status as a party to the HOA and the Hotel Management Agreement. 
 Section 5 Use of Funds 
 The Borrower shall ensure that the Drawdown Amount will only be applied and used for the purposes set forth in Section 2 of Article 2 hereof. 
 Section 6 Provision and Maintenance of Collaterals 
 The Borrower shall ensure that any and all Collaterals, guarantees and covenants, etc. are provided in accordance with the Collateral Documents and kept valid. 
 Section 7 Financial Statements 
 A. The Borrower shall deliver to the Facility Agent each audit report on the financial statements of the Borrower prepared by an accounting firm reasonably approved in advance by the Facility Agent within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year, (and such report shall include such accounting firm s opinion that the financial statements of the Borrower are fairly indicated from the perspective of materiality in accordance with the K-GAAP). 
 B. The Borrower shall address any reasonable request from the Facility Agent for explanation about the current status of the Borrower. 
 Section 8 Submission of Budgets 
 The Borrower shall prepare and submit to the Facility Agent (i) during the Construction Period, an annual and a quarterly construction budget and construction plan until the Completion of Construction Date not later than the Initial Drawdown Date and December 15 (or such other date as otherwise agreed by the Borrower and the Facility Agent) of each year, and (ii) during the Operation Period, an annual operation budget and operation plan for the relevant year (if submitted on the Operation Commencement Date) and the next year (on December 15 of each year) not later than the Operation Commencement Date and on December 15 (or such other date as otherwise agreed by the Borrower and the Facility Agent) of each year. 
 Section 9 Notice of Material Circumstances and Proposal of Alternatives 
 If the Borrower becomes aware of the occurrence of any Material Circumstances, it shall give a written notice thereof to the Lenders, and within fifteen (15) Business Days propose specific alternatives to solve the relevant circumstances to the Lenders, and report to the Lenders on the progress of remedial actions taken accordingly. 
 44 

Section 10 Taxes and Public Imposts 
 The Borrower shall pay any and all taxes, charges and public imposts imposed on the Borrower or its assets not later than the payment date. 
 Section 11 Insurance 
 The Borrower shall take out and maintain an insurance policy ordinarily applicable to entities located in the same or similar location with the Borrower and engaging in the same or similar line of business activities with the Borrower, according to the terms of insurance (insured risks and amount) to the Lenders reasonable satisfaction, the Borrower s insurance plan so as to insure the business, properties and assets related to the Project from an insurance company having maintained financial steadiness to the Facility Agent s reasonable satisfaction. Further, with respect to the assets additionally acquired in connection with the Project, the Borrower shall take out additional insurance policy (or inclusion in the insured properties) on the earliest date when such insurance is made available. Further, in connection with insurance (including additional insurance) purchased by the Borrower in connection with the Project, the Borrower shall establish Security Right in favor of the Lenders (insurance keun -pledge having Tranche A Lenders as the first priority keun -pledgee and Tranche B Lenders as the second priority keun -pledgee) over (i) any and all rights to the insurance proceeds, (ii) claims for insurance premiums refundable under the insurance agreement or policy or any amount receivable thereunder and (iii) any and all rights held by the Borrower in connection with the insurance. 
 Section 12 Obligation to Keep the Representations and Warranties Accurate 
 The Borrower shall maintain the exactness and correctness of the representations and warranties set out in Article 11 hereof. 
 Section 13 Maintenance of Project Documents 
 The Borrower shall appropriately keep the Project Documents in effect and perform its obligations thereunder in material respects. 
 Section 14 Preparation and Maintenance of the Project Related Documents 
 A. The Borrower shall keep and maintain books, record and other materials in connection with the Project in accordance with the applicable Laws and the K-GAAP. 
 B. The Borrower shall prepare the Project related documents including a demand forecast, etc., at the reasonable request from the Facility Agent and provide them therewith, to the extent of not hindering the ordinary course of business of the Borrower, and after commencement date of operation, materials that verify the operation details shall be submitted quarterly to the Facility Agent. 
 45 

Section 15 Compliance with the Fund Management Regulation 
 The Borrower shall comply with the general fund management by the Facility Agent and the Monetary Claim Trustee and application of funds in accordance with the criteria agreed in advance with respect to the Project Accounts pursuant to Article 14 hereof and the Monetary Claim Trust Agreement. 
 Section 16 Miscellaneous 
 The Borrower shall do such things or submit such documents to the Facility Agent as requested by the Facility Agent in its reasonable discretion as necessary for the protection of the Lenders rights hereunder. 
 
 Article 13 Negative Covenants 
 Until the Secured Obligations are repaid in full, the Borrower shall continue to comply with the following negative covenants 
 Section 1 Restriction on Restructuring, Etc. 
 The Borrower may not perform the following without the prior written consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with prior written instructions of the Majority Lenders 
 1) Merger with another company 
 2) Division, merger through division, comprehensive share swap, and comprehensive share transfer 
 3) Voluntary liquidation or dissolution 
 4) Transfer of business or disposal of any material assets equivalent thereto (save for any transfer of business assets of the Phase 1B) 
 5) Acquisition of any business or material assets of others (likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Borrower s repayment capability) 
 6) Acquisition of equity interests in other corporations (including equity-linked securities) or 
 7) Return or rescission of the material Approvals in connection with the Project. 
 Section 2 Restriction on Transfer of Interest and Provision of Lien 
 46 

The Borrower shall ensure that the Shareholder will not transfer, establish a Lien over or otherwise dispose of shares issued by the Borrower and held by the Shareholder in favor of a third party without a prior written consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with instructions of the Majority Shareholders provided, however, that this section does not apply with respect to the security interest established in favor of the Builder under Article 15 Section 1 Paragraph B. 
 Section 3 Prohibition on Engagement in New Business Activities 
 A. The Borrower shall not engage in or carry on new business activities other than the Project without a prior written consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with instructions of the Majority Lenders. 
 B. Borrower shall not carry out the IBC-III Development Project of Incheon International Airport (including but not limited to Phase IB and Phase 2 projects)(the Additional Development Project other than the Project pursuant to the Implementation Agreement, without a prior written consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with instructions of the Majority Lenders provided, however, Borrower may take actions in order to satisfy the requirements in Article 7-2 (1) and (2) of the Prerequisites of Notification of Eligibility, to the extent necessary to obtain and maintain the casino business license. 
 C. If the Additional Development Project to be carried out by a person other than the Borrower, (i) will not have any Material Adverse Effect on the progress of the Phase 1A Project or financial condition of the Borrower, (ii) will not infringe on the Security Rights under the Collateral Documents and (iii) the Implementation Agreement is duly modified or divided in connection with implementation of the Additional Development Project , the Lenders may not unreasonably withhold or refuse to consent as to such new development project. 
 D. Notwithstanding paragraph C, the Borrower shall in connection with the Additional Development Project (1) refrain from, and ensure that its affiliates refrain from, raising funds for the Additional Development Project from financial market in Korea, and (2) ensure that MGE refrain from providing any credit enhancement support for the purpose of financing the Additional Development Project, without a prior written consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with instructions of the Majority Lenders. Provided, however, that MGE s credit enhancement support or credit facility to be provided in connection with the Borrower s execution of the Phase 1B Project Performance Guarantee Agreement to satisfy the requirements in Article 7-2(1) of the Attached Conditions of Notice of Eligibility shall be permitted without a prior written consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with instructions of the Majority Shareholders. 
 Section 4 Prohibition on Assumption of Liabilities 
 47 

Other than the Permitted Indebtedness, the Borrower shall not assume or acquire (including endorsement of notes) any direct or indirect indebtedness (including borrowings or guarantee obligation) of a third party without a prior written consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with instructions of the Majority Lenders. 
 Section 5 Prohibition on Provision of Lien 
 Other than the Permitted Lien, the Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, establish any Lien over the present or future property, profits, or all of tangible or intangible assets without a prior written consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with instructions of the Majority Lenders. 
 Section 6 Prohibition on Return of Capital 
 Unless permitted in this Agreement, the Borrower shall not provide a Return of Capital in any type without a prior written consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with instructions of the Majority Lenders. 
 Section 7 Prohibition on Disposal of Major Assets 
 Unless otherwise permitted in this Agreement, the Borrower shall not assign, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantial part of business or assets currently owned by the Borrower or to be acquired by the Borrower in the future, via a single transaction or multiple transactions provided, however, in the event an Additional Development Project is approved or otherwise permitted in accordance with Section 3(C) of Article 13, and the Additional Development Project does not constitute a part of the Project, assignment, transfer, lease or other disposal of the related business assets of such Additional Development Project shall be permitted, and the Lenders shall cooperate as may be necessary to effectuate such assignment, transfer, lease or other disposal. 
 Section 8 Restriction on Investment and Credit Facility 
 A. Other than the Permitted Investment, the Borrower shall not carry out any Investment without a prior written consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with instructions of the Majority Lenders. 
 B. The Borrower shall not extend any credit facility (including guarantee or assumption of liabilities) to a third party without a prior written consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with instructions of the Majority Lenders. 
 C. Notwithstanding other provisions of this Section, the Borrower may carry out Marker practice in the form of credit loans to customers in the ordinary course of casino business to the extent of complying with the standards of applicable laws and standards set forth by relevant authorities, including the Bank of Korea. Majority Lenders may 
 48 

reasonably request Borrower to discuss(capping limits etc.) the Marker practice in consideration of applicable laws and standards set forth by relevant authorities during the period from 9 months to 6 months prior to the commencement date of operation 
 Section 9 Prohibition on Waiver of the Project, Etc. 
 Unless otherwise provided in the Financing Documents, the Borrower shall not carry out any of the following acts without a prior written consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with instructions of the Majority Lenders. 
 1) Waiver of the Project, change or suspension of the Project that would bring Material Adverse Effect or 
 2) Other than a Permitted Lien, execution of a contract establishing any lien or legal relationship over or in connection with the Borrower s Implementation right or any other relevant rights about the Project in favor of a third party. 
 Section 10 Prohibition on Amendment of Project Documents and Articles of Incorporation 
 The Borrower shall not do any of the following acts without a prior written consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with instructions of the Majority Lenders 
 A. Amendment, revision, modification, cancellation or termination of the Implementation Agreement 
 B. Amendment, revision, modification, cancellation or termination of the HOA or the Hotel Management Agreement (provided, however, that the HOA will be terminated upon the execution of the Hotel Management Agreement) 
 C. Change, modification, amendment, cancellation, or termination of the Project Documents or express or implied agreement thereto, consent thereto or approval thereof to the material detriment of the Lenders, unless otherwise required or permitted by this Agreement or applicable Laws or 
 D. Modification or amendment of the Articles of Incorporation that may have a Material Adverse Effect, unless otherwise required by this Agreement or the applicable Laws. 
 Section 11 Maintenance of Senior Priority 
 The Borrower shall not allow a third party to obtain a senior priority with respect to the Security Right or the Collateral, unless otherwise permitted under the Financing Documents. 
 Section 12 Project Accounts 
 49 

The Borrower shall not open, operate, or maintain any accounts other than the Project Accounts or such accounts as permitted under this Agreement in connection with the Project, without a prior written consent of the Facility Agent. 
 Section 13 Prohibition on Change of Control 
 The Borrower shall ensure that no Change of Control takes place until obtaining the casino business license. 
 
 Article 14 Fund Management 
 Section 1 Principle of Fund Management 
 A. The Borrower agrees to open the accounts provided by this Article and comply with this Article in connection with management of such accounts in order to efficiently manage the amount of Loan under this Agreement until the Borrower repays the Loan in full. 
 B. The Borrower hereby instructs and authorizes the Facility Agent to transfer the amount deposited with the accounts provided by this Article without a separate order of the Borrower in order to perform the Borrower s obligations under this Agreement. The Borrower s instruction or authorization to the Facility Agent of transfer or withdrawal between the accounts may not be cancelled or rescinded until the Secured Obligations are repaid in full. 
 Section 2 Loan Drawdown Account 
 A. The Borrower shall open and maintain an account Loan Drawdown Account in the name of the Borrower with the Facility Agent in order to receive the Loan from each Lender. The Borrower shall establish the Account Keun -Pledge over the Loan Drawdown Account in favor of the Lenders. 
 B. Prior to the Completion of Construction, the Borrower and the Builder shall delegate any and all power and authority in connection with management and operation of the Loan Drawdown Account to the Facility Agent, and such delegation may not be cancelled or rescinded until the Secured Obligations are repaid in full. 
 C. After the Completion of Construction, the Borrower shall have itself and the Management Service Company to delegate any and all power and authority in connection with management and operation of the Loan Drawdown Account to the Facility Agent, and such delegation may not be cancelled or rescinded until the Secured Obligations are repaid in full. 
 50 

D. The Borrower shall make a Drawdown Request to the Facility Agent in accordance with Section 1 of Article 3 of this Agreement for a Drawdown of the Loan, and the Facility Agent shall transfer funds deposited with the Loan Drawdown Account (i) prior to the Completion of Construction, to the Operating Account and (ii) after the Completion of Construction, to the Revenue Deposit Account, in accordance with Section 1 of Article 3 provided, however, in the case of drawdown of the Loan from the Interest Reserve Commitment for the payment of interest, funds deposited with the Loan Drawdown Account shall be transferred to the accounts of each Lender. 
 Section 3 Loan Repayment Account 
 A. The Borrower shall open and maintain an account Loan Repayment Account in the name of the Monetary Claim Trustee with the Facility Agent to transfer repayments from the Borrower s Operating Account for debt service of the Loan and to receive the Interest Reserve Commitment and prepayments. 
 B. The Borrower shall make any prepayments including any and all sum of money to be used as resources of Mandatory Prepayment deposited with the Loan Repayment Account. 
 C. In case of voluntary prepayment, the Borrower shall make the voluntary prepayment by depositing the applicable prepayment amount into the Loan Repayment Account. 
 D. The Borrower shall apply the funds deposited with the Loan Repayment Account only to debt service of the Loan. 
 E. Other than the matters specified in this Section, management and application of the funds deposited with the Loan Repayment Account shall be in accordance with the Monetary Claim Trust Agreement. 
 Section 4 Operating Account 
 A. The Borrower, before the Completion of Construction of the Project, shall open and maintain an account Operating Account in the name of the Monetary Claim Trustee with the Facility Agent for the purpose of depositing and withdrawing any and all project costs and operating expenses of the Borrower. 
 B. The Borrower shall prior to the Initial Drawdown Date (i) transfer any and all money held by the Borrower (including capital contributed to the Borrower) for the implementation of the Project to the Operating Account, and (ii) ensure that the Shareholder s additional capital contribution to the Borrower made after the execution of this Agreement will be transferred to the Operating Account within five (5) Business Days from the contribution date. 
 51 

C. The funds deposited with the Operating Account shall be applied to payment of the obligations when due and payable in the following order of priority. If the Monetary Claim Trustee and the Facility Agent (i) reasonably determine that the total balance of deposit with the Operating Account is not sufficient to pay all the obligations listed in this paragraph C, or (ii) if the budget pursuant to Section 8 of Article 12 is exceeded or any payment is deemed as unreasonable expenditures, the Monetary Claim Trustee and the Facility Agent may reject or withhold application of funds to junior priority obligations before paying the senior priority obligations 
 1. Transfer to a separate account for the processing of the Shareholder s payment of stocks, any and all taxes and public imposts, contributions, surcharges, trust fee, trust management expenses, and any other amount which the Borrower has obligation to pay under relevant Laws, when due and payable 
 2. Interest, default interest, fees, subordinated loan and other financial costs relating to Tranche A Loan when due and payable 
 3. Interest, default interest, fees, subordinated loan and other financial costs relating to Tranche B Loan when due and payable 
 4. Outstanding principal of Tranche A Loan when due and payable 
 5. Outstanding principal of Tranche B Loan when due and payable 
 6. Construction costs and other essential Project expenses (including expense incurred pre-opening) and 
 7. Transfer of any balance to the Revenue Management Account (after the Completion of Construction of the Project). 
 D. For payment from the Operating Account, the Borrower shall provide the Facility Agent with the request for payment in the form of the Form B with the consent of the Builder and the evidences for payment once a month in principle and the Monetary Claim Trustee shall make payments from the Operating Account with the consent of the Facility Agent. 
 E. After the Completion of Construction, the funds in the Operating Account shall be transferred to the Revenue Management Account, and the Monetary Claim Trustee shall manage any funds related to the Project through the Revenue Management Account 
 F. Other than the matters specified in this Section, management and application of the funds deposited with the Operating Account shall be in accordance with the Monetary Claim Trust Agreement. 
 52 

Section 5 Revenue Collection Account of Each Facility 
 A. The Borrower shall, before the Initial Drawdown, open and maintain (i) accounts in the name of the Borrower with the Facility Agent for the purpose of collecting revenues from the Hotel Facilities (collectively, the Hotel Revenue Collection Account and accounts in the name of the borrower for the purpose of managing collected revenue( Hotel Operating Expenses Execution Account ,and (ii) accounts in the name of the Borrower with the Facility Agent for the purpose of collecting revenues from Project Facilities other than the Hotel Facilities (the Non-Hotel Revenue Collection Account together with the Hotel Revenue Collection Account, the Revenue Collection Accounts ). 
 B. The Borrower shall ensure that all revenues arising from the Hotel Facilities are deposited with the Hotel Revenue Collection Account, and such revenues shall be immediately transferred to the Hotel Operating Expenses Execution Account. The Borrower shall directly manage or ensure the Management Service Company manages the Hotel Revenue Collection Account and Hotel Operating Expenses Execution Account from the Completion of Construction Date. The Borrower shall directly manage and settle or ensure the Management Service Company manages and settle necessary expenses relating to the Hotel Facilities and transfer the amount outstanding in the Hotel Operating Expenses Execution Account to the Revenue Management Account on every Business Day. If necessary for managing account according to this sub-paragraph, Borrower needs to amend Monetary Claim Trust Agreement and take other necessary action before the date of Completion of the Construction 
 C. The Borrower shall ensure that all revenues arising from the Non-Hotel Facilities are deposited into the Non-Hotel Revenue Collection Account, and transfer the amount outstanding in the Non-Hotel Revenue Collection Account to the Revenue Management Account on each business day pursuant to Monetary Claim Trust Agreement. In the case of the Agent and Monetary Claim Trustee request the application for a account transfer service for automatic account transfer on every business day before the commencement of operation, the Borrower shall apply for the service. 
 D. The Borrower shall entrust the claim for return of deposit with the Non-Hotel Revenue Collection Account before the Initial Drawdown, and shall complete the procedures (notification and approval of trust or other procedures with similar effects) necessary for such entrustment. 
 E. Other than the matters specified in this Section, management and application of the funds deposited with the Revenue Collection Account shall be in accordance with the Monetary Claim Trust Agreement. 
 Section 6 Revenue Management Account 
 53 

A. The Borrower shall, from the Completion of Construction Date of the Project, open and maintain accounts (collectively, Revenue Management Account in the name of the Monetary Claim Trustee with the Facility Agent in order to manage the deposit and withdrawal of the Borrower s all business expenses and operating expenses.. 
 B. If no Event of Default has occurred, the funds deposited with the Revenue Management Account shall be applied to payment of the obligations when due and payable in the following order of priority. If the Monetary Claim Trustee and the Facility Agent (i) reasonably determine that the total balance of deposit with the Revenue Management Account is not sufficient to pay all the obligations listed in this paragraph B, or (ii) if the budget pursuant to Section 8 of Article 12 is exceeded or any payment is deemed as unreasonable expenditures, the Monetary Claim Trustee and the Facility Agent may reject or withhold application of funds to junior priority obligations before paying the senior priority obligations 
 1. Any and all taxes and public imposts, contributions, surcharges, trust fee and trust management expenses, land use fee under the Implementation Agreement, when due and payable 
 2. Base fee to be paid to the Management Service Company according to the HOA and Hotel Management Agreement 
 3. Interest, default interest, fees, subordinated loan and other financial costs relating to Tranche A Loan when due and payable 
 4. Interest, default interest, fees, subordinated loan and other financial costs relating to Tranche B Loan when due and payable 
 5. the Required Interest Deposit pursuant to Section 7 of this Article 
 6. Outstanding principal of Tranche A Loan when due and payable 
 7. Outstanding principal of Tranche B Loan when due and payable 
 8. Costs and expenses that are determined by the Lenders and the Facility Agent to be essentially incurred for performance of this Agreement, Drawdown of the Loan, keeping valid the Financing Documents, establishment and enforcement of the Security Right, and maintenance of the Collateral, etc. 
 9. Essential project expenses required for pursing this Project essential expenses necessary for the operation of the Project Facilities, including wages, utility costs, marketing expenses, operation expenses for non-hotel facilities and 
 54 

10. Incentive Fee payable to the Hotel Management Service Company under the HOA and Hotel Management Agreement. 
 11. Any indebtedness incurred pursuant to the FF&E Lease Financing as defined in Subparagraph 6) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness in Article 1 and any indebtedness incurred under the Working Capital Facility as defined in Subparagraph 7) of such definition 
 12. Interests on the Junior CB when due and payable 
 13. Payments in the following order of priority in the aggregate amount of up to 35 of the Excess Cash Flow provided that, in relation to the payment of the following items, the Borrower shall provide the Facility Agent with confirmation letters from an accounting firm acceptable to the Lenders and from the representative director of the Borrower which confirm that such payment is in compliance with the requirements under this item, no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the relevant payment date of such payment and shall obtain from the Facility Agent their acknowledgment with respect to such confirmation letters, of which acknowledgement shall not be unreasonably withheld or refused. Payment under this item may be made after the Lenders provide the above acknowledgment on its respective due date. 
 (i) Management Fee 
 (ii) Development Fee 
 (iii) Dividends payable to the Shareholders 
 C. For payment from the Revenue Management Account, the Borrower shall provide the Monetary Claim trustee with the request for payment in the form of Form B and the evidences for payment once a month in principle, and the Monetary Claim Trustee shall make payments from the Revenue Management Account with the consent of the Facility Agent 
 D. If any Event of Default has occurred, payment from the Revenue Management Account shall be, in principle, made in the following order. Monetary Claim Trustee and the Facility Agent may reject or withhold application of funds to junior priority obligations before paying the senior priority obligations if the balance in the Revenue Management Account is reasonably likely to be insufficient for the full payment of items in this paragraph C. 
 1. expenses arising from recovery of loans including enforcement of Security Right 
 55 

2. Tranche A financial costs (fees, interests, default interest and subordinated loan, etc. relating to Tranche A Facility) when due and payable 
 3. outstanding balance of Tranche A loan principal when due and payable 
 4. Tranche B financial costs (fees, interests, default interest and subordinated loan, etc. relating to Tranche B Facility) when due and payable 
 5. outstanding balance of Tranche B loan principal when due and payable 
 6. other expenses deemed reasonable by the Lenders and the Facility Agent 
 7. (If there is any remaining amount) payment of the remaining amount to the Borrower. 
 E. Other than the matters specified in this Section, management and application of funds deposited with the Revenue Management Account shall be in accordance with the Monetary Claim Trust Agreement. 
 Section 7 Interest Deposit Account 
 A. The Borrower shall open and maintain an account Interest Deposit Account in the name of the Monetary Claim Trustee with the Facility Agent in order to deposit, maintain and pay the Interest Deposit. 
 B. The Borrower shall deposit with the Interest Deposit Account an expected amount of interest payable on Tranche B Facility for the following three (3) months Required Interest Deposit as of the ten (10) Business Days prior to the 36 month anniversary of the Initial Drawdown Date and ten (10) Business Days prior to each interest payment date thereafter, and the funds Interest Deposit deposited with the Interest Deposit Account may be withdrawn only for payment of interests on Tranche B Facility under this Agreement. 
 C. If the sum deposited with the Revenue Management Account is not sufficient to pay interests on Tranche B on any Interest Payment Date, the Borrower shall withdraw the Interest Deposit from the Interest Deposit Account to pay interests to the Tranche B Lenders. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) interest for Tranche B will be paid from the Revenue Management Account, unless the balance amount therein is insufficient, (ii) in which case the Required Interest Deposit in the Interest Deposit Account will be used, (iii) and as set forth in Paragraph D, MGE will be responsible for depositing the insufficient amount of the Required Interest Deposit to the Interest Deposit Account. 
 D. If the Facility Agent decides that an amount deposited in the Revenue Management Account will be insufficient to deposit or maintain the Required Interest Deposit as of 
 56 

twenty (20) Business Days prior to any Interest Payment Date, the Facility Agent shall notify MGE thereof to request that MGE to deposit the Required Interest Deposit to the Interest Deposit Account by the 20th Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, and MGE is required to make up the deficient amount of the Required Interest Deposit in accordance with its credit enhancement support obligation by the 10th Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
 E. If MGE fails to fulfill its obligations under Paragraph D, the Facility Agent shall promptly notify the Builder and Management Service Company thereof and the Builder and the Management Service Company shall deposit any shortfall amount of the Required Interest Deposit to the Interest Deposit Account by the first Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
 F. Other than the matters specified in this Section, management and application of the funds deposited with the Interest Deposit Account shall be in accordance with the Monetary Claim Trust Agreement. 
 
 Article 15 Collaterals 
 The Borrower shall provide the Lenders with the Security Right in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders in accordance with this Article in order to secure the Secured Obligations. Establishment of the Security Right in accordance with this Article is one of the conditions precedent to Drawdown of the Loan and thus is required to be completed prior to Drawdown of the Loan. Provided, however, that if a separate time is set for establishment of any Security Rights in the following Sections or the relevant Collateral Documents, the Security Rights shall be established not later than such time. 
 Section 1 Share Keun -Pledge 
 In order to secure the Secured Obligations, the Borrower shall have the Shareholder enter into the Share Keun -Pledge Agreement with the Lenders in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent and complete the procedure of establishing the first priority Keun -Pledge in favor of Tranche A Lenders and the second priority Keun -Pledge in favor of Tranche B Lenders over any and all rights to the shares issued by the Borrower held by the Shareholder (required to be 100 of the shares issued by the Borrower) prior to the Initial Drawdown. Moreover, if the Borrower issues shares or other equity-linked securities after the initial Drawdown, then such shares or securities shall be provided to the Lenders as Collateral. 
 
 Section 2 Waiver and Transfer of Business Right and Implementation Right 
 57 

The Borrower shall execute and submit to the Facility Agent an undertaking to the effect that the Borrower will not transfer the business right and the Implementation right (including lease right to the Project Site, the construction permit, the casino business license, and any other rights under the Implementation Agreement) to a third party and upon acceleration of its obligations, will transfer the business right and the Implementation right to the Lenders or a person designated by the Lenders Waiver and Transfer of Business Right and Implementation Right in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders and the Facility Agent prior to the Initial Drawdown. 
 Section 3 Account Keun -Pledge 
 In order to secure the Secured Obligations, the Borrower shall enter into the Account Keun -Pledge Agreement with the Lenders in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent to establish the first priority keun -pledge in favor of Tranche A Lenders and the second priority keun -pledge in favor of Tranche B Lenders over the Loan Drawdown Account (with the maximum secured amount of 130 of the each Loan Commitments) and complete the procedures of establishing the Account Keun -Pledge in accordance with the Account Keun -Pledge Agreement prior to the Initial Drawdown. 
 Section 4 Yangdo-Dambo of Project Documents and Division of Implementation Agreement 
 A. The Borrower shall enter into the Yangdo-Dambo Agreement (i.e. assignment of collaterals in the event of default, and return of collaterals upon full performance of obligations) with the Lenders as assignees in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent to provide the Lenders with the Borrower s status and rights under the Agreements Subject to Yangdo-Dambo as collateral and complete the procedures of establishing the Security Right in accordance with the Yangdo-Dambo Agreement prior to the Initial Drawdown. Further, with respect to such provision of the collateral, the Borrower shall collect (i) a consent letter (which shall provide for alternatives in case of termination of the Implementation Agreement due to reasons attributable to the Borrower) from Incheon International Airport Corp. and (ii) consent letters from the Builder and the Management Service Company, executed in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders and submit the consent letter to the Lenders. Provided that, the establishment of the Security Right under Yangdo-Dambo Agreement shall be permitted only to the extent of having no adverse effect on the Borrower s applying for, obtaining, and maintaining necessary Authorizations in connection with the Project, including a casino license. 
 B. If the Implementation Agreement needs to be modified or divided in connection with implementation of the Additional Development Project and accordingly, the Borrower and the Additional Project Developer request cooperation from the Lenders with respect to such modification or division of the Implementation Agreement, the Lenders shall 
 58 

upon unanimous consent cooperate to such modification or division (such consent shall not be unreasonably rejected, withheld or delayed unless such modification or division of the Implementation Agreement may have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial standing of the Borrower or infringes the Borrower s right to the Project and the Project Site under the Implementation Agreement and the Lenders Security Right therein). 
 Section 5 Beneficiary Rights in Monetary Claim Trust Agreement 
 A. In order to secure the Secured Obligations and delegate fund management of the Project Accounts to the Monetary Claim Trustee, the Borrower shall enter into the Monetary Claim Trust Agreement (including Basic and Special Conditions of Monetary Claim Trust Transaction collectively Monetary Claim Trust Agreement with the Monetary Claim Trustee in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent prior to the Initial Drawdown of the Loan Repayment Account, the Operating Account, the Revenue Management Account, and the Interest Deposit Account shall be opened in the name of the Monetary Claim Trustee, and procure Monetary Claim Trustee to manage the accounts thereto. 
 B. The Borrower shall entrust the claim for return of deposits with the Non-Hotel Revenue Collection Account with the Monetary Claim Trustee, and procure Monetary Claim Trustee to manage the account thereto, and class 1 beneficiary rights (up to an amount equivalent to 130 of the respective Loan Commitments) shall be issued to Tranche A Lenders as class 1 beneficiaries and class 2 beneficiary rights (up to an amount equivalent to 130 of the respective Loan Commitments) shall be issued to Tranche B Lenders as class 2 beneficiaries. In the case of Junior CB subscription agreement is entered into by and between the borrower and Builder, class 3 beneficiary rights may be issued to Builder in the condition of no infringement occurs on the rights of the Lenders rights pursuant to the Monetary Claim Trust Agreement 
 Section 6 Builder s Construction Completion Guaranty 
 The Builder shall execute and submit to the Facility Agent the Construction Completion Guaranty in favor of the Lenders in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent prior to the Initial Drawdown. The Construction Completion Guaranty shall include a provision that the Builder undertakes to perform its completion obligation (to complete the Project Facilities within 21 months from the Initial Drawdown Date, and the time frame set forth in the Construction Completion Guaranty and in the event of default thereof, to assume the Secured Obligations). 
 Section 7 Builder s Waiver and Estoppel Letter for the Construction Right and the Right of Retention 
 59 

The Builder shall execute and submit to the Facility Agent the Waiver and Estoppel Letter for the Construction Right and the Right of Retention in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent prior to the Initial Drawdown. 
 Section 8 Builder s Junior CB Subscription Covenant Letter 
 The Builder shall execute and submit to the Facility Agent the Junior CB Subscription Covenant Letter in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent in favor of the Lenders prior to the Initial Drawdown. The Junior CB Subscription Covenant Letter shall include a covenant that the Builder shall subscribe for the convertible bonds to be issued by the Borrower in an aggregate face value of KRW100 Billion 100,000,000,000) on subordinated conditions. 
 Section 9 Cash Deficiency Support Agreement between Builder and Management Service Company 
 The Borrower shall have the Builder and the Management Service Company enter into the Cash Deficiency Support Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent that provides for the joint obligation of the Builder and the Management Service Company to support cash deficiency in paying interests on Tranche B Loan and Required Interest Deposit for the Interest Deposit Account, prior to the Initial Drawdown and shall submit the Cash Deficiency Support Agreement to the Facility Agent. 
 Section 10 MGE s Credit Enhancement Support Agreement 
 The Borrower shall have MGE execute and submit to the Facility Agent the Credit Enhancement Support Agreement MGE Credit Enhancement Support Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent(including MGE s Waiver of Sovereign Immunity) prior to the Initial Drawdown to the effect that MGE shall provide credit enhancement support to the extent of US 100 million with respect to the Borrower s obligation to pay the principal, interest (including default interest), expenses, fees, Required Interest Deposit for the Interest Deposit Account and any other sum. 
 Section 11 Insurance Keun -Pledge 
 The Borrower shall immediately upon Completion of Construction of the Project Facilities (in any event within one (1) month from the Completion of Construction Date) purchase an insurance necessary for maintenance and operation of the Project Facilities on terms and conditions to the Facility Agent s reasonable satisfaction with an insurance company to which the Facility Agent has agreed in advance enter into the Insurance Keun -Pledge Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent whereby the first priority keun -pledge (with secured maximum amount of 130 of the Loan Commitments) shall be granted to Tranche Lenders and the second priority keun -pledge (with secured maximum amount of 130 of the Loan Commitments) shall be granted to Tranche B Lenders over the insurance and 
 60 

complete the procedures of establishing the keun -pledge (with secured maximum amount of 130 of the respective Loan Commitments) in accordance with the Insurance Keun -Pledge Agreement. 
 Section 12 Beneficiary Right in Real Estate Security Trust 
 The Borrower shall immediately upon Completion of Construction of the Project Facilities (in any event within one (1) month from the Completion of Construction Date) complete the title registration of the Project Facilities in the name of the Borrower and at the same time enter into the Collateral Trust Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent to entrust to a trust company, to which the Facility Agent has appointed in advance, the Project Facilities as collateral in favor of Tranche A Lenders as the first priority beneficiaries and Tranche B Lenders as the second priority beneficiaries, and shall have the trust company issue beneficiary rights (up to an amount of 130 of the respective Loan Commitments) to the Lenders. 
 Section 13 Delegation of the power to execute the Collateral Documents 
 The Lenders, by the execution of this Agreement, authorize and appoint the Facility Agent as the true and lawful attorneys-in fact and representatives of the Lenders with full power and authority to execute any of the Collateral Documents (and other documents regarding the provision of the Collateral), prepare other documents required therefor, manage the Collateral according to the relevant documents, and perform all reasonable acts which may be required in connection therewith, and the Facility Agent hereby accepts such appointment. 
 
 Article 16 Event of Default and Acceleration 
 Section 1 Event of Default 
 Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement. 
 A. The Borrower fails to pay the Principals and Interests of Loan, default interest, fees, expenses or any sum payable under the Financing Documents on the relevant payment date 
 B. The Borrower fails to perform or breaches its obligations or covenants under this Agreement or the Financing Documents and fails to cure such breach within ten (10) Business Days (provided, however, that if default or breach of covenants or obligations under this Agreement or other Financing Documents are provided separately as an event of default, pursuant to such provision), or fails to fulfill the conditions subsequent to Drawdown and fails to cure such failure within ten (10) Business Days 
 61 

C. The Borrower defaults its obligation to provide the subordinated loan under Article 23 hereof 
 D. The Borrower s representations and warranties made in accordance with the Financing Documents or the Project Documents are found to be incorrect or false 
 E. Any Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Borrower 
 F. Any Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Builder, the Management Service Company or MGE 
 G. The Borrower s assumption of obligations under the Financing Documents is found to be illegal due to amendment of Laws 
 H. The Borrower has been ordered by a court judgment to pay monetary claim in the amount of KRW Three Billion 3,000,000,000) or more, and compulsory enforcement or provisional enforcement of such judgment is permitted, and the Borrower fails to perform the judgment, invalidate the judgment or suspend the effect and enforcement of such judgment within forty-five (45) days 
 I. Any material portion of the assets of the Borrower have been confiscated, expropriated or appropriated by any Governmental Authority, or similar disposition or a decision thereof is rendered 
 J. (i) Any Financing Documents or any Security Right created thereunder become invalid, cancelled, lapsed or unenforceable in accordance with their terms, or (ii) disputes arise with respect to validity, legality or enforceability of any Financing Documents, having Material Adverse Effect 
 K. The Builder defaults its Completion Obligation 
 L. The Builder is in breach of its obligations under the Junior CB Subscription Covenant Letter 
 M. The Borrower is in breach of its obligations under the Junior CB Subscription Agreement (including convertible bond certificates thereunder) and fails to cure such breach within ten (10) Business Days 
 N. (i) MGE s Credit Enhancement Support Agreement expires (other than as permitted or provided thereunder), (ii)(a) MGE fails to perform its obligations under the Credit Enhancement Support Agreement and (b) with respect to the payment of interest under Tranche B facility only, MGE fails to perform its obligations under MGE Credit Enhancement Support Agreement and the Builder or the Management Service Company fails to perform its obligations under the cash deficiency support 
 62 

agreement, or (iii) MGE s representations and warranties set out in the MGE Credit Enhancement Support Agreement are found to be incorrect or false in a material respect 
 O. If the Builder or the Management Service Company fails to perform its obligations under the cash deficiency support agreement provided, however, that, this shall not apply if MGE provides, in accordance with MGE Credit Enhancement Support Agreement, the Lenders with cash deficiency support amount that the Builder or the Management Service Company has failed to pay within seven (7) days after the date on which the Builder and the Management Service Company failed to pay 
 P. Except for as otherwise provided herein, any of the Financing Documents or any of the Project Documents based on which the Financing Documents are executed in connection with the Project are invalidated, rescinded, cancelled, terminated, or expired (for the avoidance of doubt, including termination of the Implementation Agreement) or are amended or modified without consent of the Facility Agent, or rights under any of the Documents are assigned, transferred or otherwise disposed of to a third party 
 Q. Civil complaints or disputes arise having Material Adverse Effect in connection with the Project and accordingly, the Facility Agent (in accordance with the instruction of the Majority Lenders) makes a reasonable decision that it is difficult to proceed with the Project 
 R. The Borrower fails to obtain the casino business license within thirty-one (31) months from the Initial Drawdown Date 
 S. A material change is made in obtaining the casino business license in connection with the Project, and the Facility Agent (in accordance with the instruction of the Majority Lenders) reasonably concludes that it would be impossible for the Borrower to obtain the casino business license from the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism. 
 T. Approvals necessary for the Project are unobtainable, become invalid, cancelled or enforcement or effect of such Approvals is suspended by injunction, or invalidation or cancellation of such Approvals is objectively expected, or Approvals, permits, reports, etc. necessary for implementation of the Project are cancelled or impossible to be further maintained 
 U. An event of default takes place as set out in the General Terms and Conditions of Credit Transaction 
 V. Acceleration occurs under the Working Capital Facility 
 63 

W. The Borrower making payment under the relevant item without performing the acknowledgment process under Article 14 Section 6(B) item 12 or 
 X. A Material Adverse Effect occurred in the Project and accordingly, the Facility Agent reaches a reasonable conclusion that the Borrower will not be able to pay the Loan, interests or other amount payable under the Financial Documents. 
 Section 2 Effect of Event of Default 
 A. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default as set forth in paragraph A or paragraph E of Section 1, outstanding principals of the Loan, accrued interest thereon, incurred costs and any and all Secured Obligations shall be immediately accelerated, and even without any demand for performance from the Facility Agent or the Lenders, shall become automatically due and payable. 
 B. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default other than the one set forth in paragraph A or paragraph E of Section 1, the Facility Agent may (i) if the Loan are not drawn down in whole or in part, notify the Borrower that the Lenders obligation to advance the Loan under this Agreement is discharged (if the Majority Lenders request, such notice shall be given), or (ii) if the Loan is drawn down even in part, send a notice to the Borrower to declare that the outstanding principals of the Loan, accrued interest thereon, incurred costs and any other sum of the Secured Obligations become due and payable (if the Majority Lenders request, such notice shall be given), in which case upon such notice, such obligations shall be deemed to be due and payable without a separate action of the Facility Agent or the Lenders including request or demand for performance. 
 C. Upon occurrence of an Event of Default, the Facility Agent may exercise rights of the Lenders and the Facility Agent or take actions as granted by the applicable Laws or as set forth in the Financing Documents, and if the Majority Lenders request, such rights or actions must be exercised or taken. 
 D. If the Borrower s obligation to pay the Loan is accelerated and becomes due and payable, the Facility Agent may on behalf of the Lenders exercise the Lenders rights under the Financing Documents and the applicable Laws. 
 E. Even when the Borrower s Secured Obligations are accelerated, the Facility Agent may upon unanimous consent of the Lenders waive acceleration with respect to the Secured Obligations in whole or in part by expression of an explicit intent to the Borrower. 
 
 Article 17 Default Interest 
 64 

If the Borrower fails to pay the Principal and Interest of the Loan, and other obligations under the Financing Documents when due and payable (on Maturity Date, by acceleration or for other reason), the Borrower shall pay to the Lenders default interest on such sum from and including the due date to but excluding the date of actual payment at the Agreed Interest Rate plus 3.0 per annum Default Interest Rate , subject to internal regulations, if any, of each Lender). Default interest shall accrue from day to day and be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 365 days (or 366 days, in the case of a leap year). 
 
 Article 18 Indemnification and Proportional Distribution 
 Section 1 Indemnification 
 A. The Borrower shall indemnify the Facility Agent, each of the Lenders, and their respective officers, directors, employees and representatives (each an Indemnified Party against any and all losses, damages, expenses or fees (including legal fees) incurred by any Indemnified Party without its willful misconduct or negligence as a result of judicial or extrajudicial claim, litigation, execution or other legal proceeding in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of the Financing Documents. 
 B. The Borrower shall indemnify each Lender and the Facility Agent against any and all losses, damages, expenses or fees (including losses from the Borrower s cancellation or application to other uses of funds procured by the Lenders for loan) incurred by them as a consequence of any Event of Default or the Borrower s breach of the Financing Documents. 
 Section 2 Proportional Distribution 
 If any Lender receives any amount in connection with its claims for payment from the Borrower under this Agreement (excluding an amount received from the Facility Agent in accordance with Section 3 of Article 7 hereof or received from the assignee or sub-participant for assignment of the Loan or sub-participation), regardless of the reason, method of receipt (voluntary or involuntary payment by the Borrower, set-off, counter-claim, enforcement of the Security Right, litigation, etc.), the Lender shall pay the amount to the Facility Agent so that each Lender shall be distributed in the proportion set forth in Section 3 of Article 7 hereof. The Facility Agent shall distribute such amount to each Lender in accordance with Section 3 of Article 7. 
 
 Article 19 Lenders and Facility Agent 
 65 

Section 1 Matters to be Jointly Decided 
 A. Except as otherwise set forth in the Financing Documents, the Lenders declaration of intention shall be resolved by voting of the Lenders. Lenders voting rights shall be exercised at the rate of each Lender s Loan Commitments to an aggregate sum of Loan Commitments, prior to the Initial Drawdown, and each Lender s outstanding balance of Loan (including the available balance of undrawn Loan Commitments) to an aggregate sum of balance of Loan (including the available balance of undrawn Loan Commitments) after the Initial Drawdown. 
 B. Except as otherwise set forth in the Financing Documents, Lenders declaration of intention, including the following matters, shall be resolved by consent from the Majority Lenders. 
 1. Declaration of acceleration for an Event of Default (excluding an Event of Default automatically accelerating payment obligations as set forth in Section 2 paragraph A of Article 16) 
 2. Granting of a cure period with respect to an Event of Default and 
 3. Exercise of the Security Rights upon occurrence of an Event of Default. 
 C. The following matters (including amendment of the Financing Documents relevant to the following matters) shall require unanimous written consent of the Lenders 
 1. Cancellation of the Facility 
 2. Change of the time or the method of repayment of the Loan, interest, fees and other expenses 
 3. Amendment of the major financing terms under the Financing Documents 
 4. Change or termination of the Security Rights granted by the Borrower or a third party in accordance with the Collateral Documents 
 5. Granting of a waiver for an Event of Default and acceleration 
 6. Consent to the termination of yangdo-dambo right established on the Borrower s rights under the Implementation Agreement 
 7. Extension of the Builder s Construction Completion Guaranty Period due to reasons such as change of design, etc. 
 8. Modification or amendment of provisions requiring unanimous consent of the Lenders 
 66 

9. Change of this Paragraph and the definition of the Majority Lenders 
 10. Appointment, dismissal, and change of the Facility Agent and 
 11. Other matters requiring unanimous consent of the Lenders under the Financing Documents. 
 D. If the Facility Agent notices that certain matters require a resolution of the Lenders as provided by the Financing Documents or if any Lender based on its opinion requests the Facility Agent in writing that certain matters require a resolution, the Facility Agent shall immediately notify the Lenders of the matters requiring a resolution and hold the Lenders meeting. The notice shall be given by mail, fax, or E-mail. 
 E. Except for the foregoing matters requiring the Lenders resolution, the Facility Agent shall consult with each Lender, if necessary, before acting on behalf of the Lenders and independently carry out its duties at its reasonable discretion. 
 F. The Facility Agent shall not do any act contrary to a written instruction of the Lenders and act in compliance with a written instruction of the Lenders, in accordance with this Agreement. Consent of the Majority Lenders and the Lenders may be confirmed by the respective Lenders written consent or by other reasonable method determined by the Facility Agent. The Facility Agent shall not be held responsible to the Borrower or any Lenders for any act done in accordance with the Lenders written instructions given in accordance with this Agreement. Unless otherwise provided herein, the Lenders acts done in accordance with this Agreement or the Facility Agent s acts done in accordance with a written instruction of the Lenders shall be binding on all the Lenders and the Borrower at all times. 
 Section 2 Appointment of Facility Agent 
 Each Lender shall appoint the Facility Agent as its irrevocable agent for the purpose set forth herein, and empower the Facility Agent to exercise, on behalf of each Lender, the rights explicitly or implicitly granted under this Agreement. The Facility Agent is a financial institution capable of carrying out the duties of the Facility Agent and has duly completed its internal authorization procedure to perform its duties. 
 Section 3 Scope of Obligations 
 The Facility Agent shall only be regarded as an agent of the Lenders, and unless otherwise set forth herein, shall not be regarded as a trustee of the Lenders or an agent or a trustee of the Borrower. 
 Section 4 Duties of Facility Agent 
 67 

The Facility Agent shall perform the following duties. Provided that, in the case of the notifying duties of paragraph C or paragraph G below, interest and commitment fee, Repayment loan, additional withdrawal, the Facility Agent delegates above duties to the Notifying Agent, and Notifying Agent accept it, and acts on behalf of the Facility Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, the duties of Notifying Agent under this Agreement are limited to the notifying duties pursuant to this Section, and other Notifying Agent shall not have any responsibility or obligation for other parties. 
 A. Fund management under Article 14 hereof 
 B. Distribution of repayment from the Borrower in accordance with this Agreement to the Lenders 
 C. Notification to the Lenders of particulars of documents that are deemed by the Facility Agent as important in connection herewith and occurrence of an Event of Default known to the Facility Agent 
 D. Other measures duly requested by the Majority Lenders in accordance herewith 
 E. Consultation in advance with the Lenders with respect to declaration of acceleration of obligations under Section 2 of Article 16, amendment of the Financing Documents, and etc. 
 F. Obtaining approval of the Majority Lenders before agreeing to matters at the request of the Borrower and 
 G. Confirmation of conditions precedent to Drawdown, audit of financial standing of the Borrower and notification to the Lenders of any important information relating to the Borrower when known to the Facility Agent. 
 Section 5 Authority of Facility Agent 
 The Facility Agent shall have the authority to do the following 
 A. The Facility Agent may perform its duties and responsibilities through any of its directors, officers, employees and agents. 
 B. The Facility Agent may seek advice from outside experts such as attorneys or accountants at its reasonable discretion, pay the fees and perform its duties based on such advice. 
 C. The Facility Agent may elect not to exercise any of its rights or powers unless otherwise instructed by the Majority Lenders, and not to comply with any 
 68 

instruction given by the Majority Lenders which require it to take any legal action, unless it can be compensated for any damages or costs that it may incur. 
 D. The Facility Agent may, at its discretion, elect not to conduct any act which may be in violation of the applicable Laws or cause it to assume any responsibility to any third party, and may elect to conduct any act necessary to comply with the applicable Laws. 
 E. The Facility Agent may deem that no Event of Default has occurred and neither Party is in breach of this Agreement unless given a written notice to the contrary effect. 
 F. The Facility Agent may entirely rely on any and all documents and notices, etc. signed and sent by any authorized person, and such reliance shall be protected. 
 G. Any and all acts of the Facility Agent done in accordance with instructions, reasonably considered legitimate, of the Majority Lenders shall be binding on all the Lenders. 
 Section 6 Indemnification to Lenders 
 The Facility Agent(if applicable, Notifying Agent) shall not have any responsibility or obligation to the Lenders with respect to any of the following matters 
 A. Default by the Borrower or any other party 
 B. Responsibility to guarantee the legality, validity, enforceability and authenticity of this Agreement, the Collateral Documents and other documents, and the accuracy and integrity of the information provided by others 
 C. Responsibility to inspect and confirm the occurrence of any Event of Default or default by the Borrower 
 D. Responsibility to investigate the credibility of the Borrower except as set forth herein or 
 E. Receipt of fees or expenses, and benefits arising from any present or future financial transaction with the Borrower hereunder. 
 Section 7 Indemnification to Borrower 
 The Facility Agent shall not have any responsibility to the Borrower for any default by the Lenders or any third party on the obligations set forth herein. 
 Section 8 Compensation 
 69 

The Facility Agent or any of its officers, employees or agents shall not take any responsibility for any of its acts conducted without any willful misconduct or negligence. If the Borrower fails to make compensation to the Facility Agent for any loss, damage, cost or fee (including the attorneys fees) incurred by the Facility Agent to defend the rights of the Lenders and the Facility Agent in connection with this Agreement or the Collateral Documents without its willful misconduct or negligence, the Lenders shall make compensation therefor to the Facility Agent in proportion to their respective Commitments. 
 Section 9 Covenants by Lenders 
 Each Lender covenants to the Facility Agent as follows 
 A. Each Lender has made, and will make its decision based on its investigation and analysis of the present condition, credibility, prospects, business, operations and assets of the Borrower. 
 B. Each Lender has not relied on the representations and warranties made by the Facility Agent for the execution of this Agreement. 
 C. Unless otherwise set forth in the Financing Documents including this Agreement, the Lenders decisions shall be made by a resolution of the Majority Lenders, and in applying the Financing Documents including this Agreement, if the Facility Agent complies with the intention of the Majority Lenders, it shall be regarded as acting in compliance with the intention of all the Lenders. 
 Section 10 Confirmation by Facility Agent 
 If this Agreement specifies that the Facility Agent shall be able to confirm the amount and proportion payable by each Lender, such confirmation shall be conclusively binding upon each Lender unless it contains any manifest error. 
 Section 11 Resignation of Facility Agent 
 The Facility Agent may resign from the position of the Facility Agent by giving a thirty (30) Business Day written notice to each Lender and the Borrower. The Majority Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Facility Agent upon consultation with the Borrower, and if the Majority Lenders fail to appoint any successor Facility Agent within thirty (30) Business Days from the receipt of the notice of resignation from the Facility Agent or the bank so appointed as successor refuses to accept the appointment, the resigning Facility Agent may, upon consultation with the Borrower, appoint a bank located in Korea as its successor for the benefit of the Lenders. Immediately upon acceptance by the successor bank of such appointment, the successor Facility Agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and obligations of the Facility Agent, and the resigned one shall be exempted from its obligations hereunder. The Facility Agent who resigns hereunder shall be indemnified and compensated for any of its acts or 
 70 

omissions as the Facility Agent even after its resignation in accordance with Sections 6 through 8 of Article 19 hereof. 
 Section 12 Status as Lender 
 The Facility Agent shall have the same rights as those of the other Lenders, and may exercise such rights as if it is not the Facility Agent hereunder. 
 Section 13 Knowledge of Facility Agent 
 A. The Facility Agent shall be deemed to have no knowledge of the Financing Documents. 
 B. The Facility Agent shall be deemed to have no knowledge of occurrence of any Event of Default until being notified from the other parties hereto of such occurrence. 
 
 Article 20 Transfer and Offices 
 Section 1 Borrower 
 The Borrower may not assign or transfer its rights or obligations under this Agreement without consent of the Facility Agent given in accordance with the instruction of the Majority Lenders. 
 Section 2 Lenders 
 Each Lender may transfer or assign all or any part of its rights or obligations, or its status under the Financing Documents by giving a written notice thereof to the Borrower via the Facility Agent. With respect to such assignment or transfer of rights, obligations or contractual status of the Lenders, the other Lenders, the Borrower and the Facility Agent shall be deemed to have consented thereto in advance by execution of this Agreement. The Borrower shall take any and all reasonably necessary measures as reasonably requested by the Lenders for such assignment or transfer. If any Lenders assign or transfer rights, obligations or contractual status under the Financing Documents in accordance with this Section, the transferee or the assignee shall fully succeed to the status of the transferring Lenders under the relevant Financing Documents However, the transferee or the assignee may select Interest Payment Time(In advance or In arrear) and notify the Agent and the Borrower at the time of transfer or assign, and In accordance with such notice, the changed loan conditions will be applied to the transferee or assignee from the time of the transfer or assign takes effect . For the avoidance of any doubt, each Lender may transfer or assign to any third party all or any part of its rights, obligations and contractual status as a party under the Financing Documents by notifying the Facility Agent and the Borrower thereof, before or after the Initial Drawdown Date or any Drawdown Date 
 71 

thereafter, with respect to which the other Parties shall be deemed to have consented in advance by execution of this Agreement. 
 Section 3 Sub-participation 
 Each Lender may have at any time a third party participate in rights and obligations under this Agreement. However, the other parties to this Agreement shall have no legal interest with respect to such participation. 
 Section 4 Confidentiality 
 The Lenders and the Facility Agent shall keep confidential any information gathered in relation with this Agreement and shall not disclose it to a third party without prior written consent of the Borrower unless disclosure is required by Laws, government administrative order, or court ruling provided, however, that the Lenders may disclose information relating to the Borrower to a reasonable extent to (i) their head office, branch offices, auditor, officers, employees, external auditor or any other person entitled to receipt of such information pursuant to the Laws and (ii) to the assignee, successor, a potential assignee or participant in loan under Section 3, on condition of confidentiality. 
 Section 5 Offices 
 Each Lender shall act via its office set out in Exhibit 1 , and shall notify the Facility Agent of change of such offices. 
 
 Article 21 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
 Section 1 Governing Law 
 This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of Korea. 
 Section 2 Jurisdiction 
 The Borrower agrees that any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement may be brought in the Seoul Central District Court and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court. The foregoing provision does not restrict the rights of the Facility Agent or the Lenders to file a lawsuit with or obtain judgment from any other court. 
 
 Article 22 Notices 
 72 

Section 1 Notices 
 Any and all notices hereunder shall be given in writing and sent by registered mail, fax, or E-mail to the relevant parties at the following address or any other address as designated by the other party not later than three (3) Business Days in advance 
 Borrower Inspire Integrated Resort Co., Ltd. 
 Address 21F, Two IFC, 10, Gukjegeumyung-ro, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea 
 Tel. No. 02-6137-3903 
 Fax No. 02-6137-9499 
 Person in Charge Sung-ho Kim Attorney(General Counsel) 
 Email raymond.kim inspireer.com 
 
 Facility Agent KOOKMIN BANK Co.,Ltd. 
 Address 9F 50, Yeouinaru-ro, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea 
 Tel. No. 02-2073-0660, 02-2073-8167 
 Fax No. 0502-306-1595, 0502-306-6953 
 Person in Charge Jeong Seong-ok , Kim Jong-hoon 
 Email sungoak.chung kbfg.com, jonghoon kbfg.com 
 
 Notifying Agent KB Securities Co.,Ltd. 
 Address 12F 50, Yeouinaru-ro, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea 
 Tel. No. 02-6114-2132, 02-6114-2142 
 Fax No. 02-6114-5653, 02-6114-5657 
 Person in Charge Park Ji-won , Kim In-hoo 
 73 

Email parkjw kbfg.com, inhookim kbfg.com 
 
 Notices to other Lenders shall be sent to the addresses listed in Exhibit 1. 
 Section 2 Deemed Delivery 
 Any notices shall be deemed delivered (i) if given by registered mail, at the time when delivered to the addressee, and (ii) if given by fax or E-mail, at the time when the confirmation of receipt is transmitted from the addressee. Provided, however, that if such day is not a Business Day in the place to which it is sent, such notice shall be deemed delivered on the next following Business Day at such place. 
 Section 3 Facility Agent 
 Any and all notices about the Financing Documents including this Agreement between the Lenders and the Borrower shall be made via the Facility Agent. 
 
 Article 23 Subordinated Loan 
 Section 1 Subordinated Loan to SPC Lenders 
 A. In connection with the Loan from the SPC Lenders in accordance herewith, the Borrower shall provide the relevant Lenders with an amount of subordinated loan equivalent to withholding taxes (including special taxes) imposed on the loan interests and handling fees pursuant to the Corporate Tax Act, Local Tax Act and other applicable Laws, by remitting from time to time such amount to the account designated by the relevant Lenders at the same time with payment of interests on the Interest Payment Date hereunder. Provided, however, that on any Drawdown Date, the SPC Lenders may deduct an amount of subordinated loan under this Article and provide the balance of Drawdown amount to the Borrower, which shall be regarded as provision of the subordinated loan on the relevant Drawdown Date. 
 B. If the Borrower pays the withholding taxes including corporate tax on interest income from the Loan under this Agreement pursuant to the relevant Laws, the Borrower shall notify and send to the relevant Lenders the certificate of withholding tax payment. Provided, however, that the Borrower may authorize the relevant Lenders to report and pay the withholding taxes. 
 Section 2 Conditions of Subordinated Loan 
 74 

The Borrower shall provide the SPC Lenders with subordinated loan on the following conditions 
 A. Amount of the subordinated loan As set forth in Section 1 above. 
 B. Credit Period The credit period starts on the Execution Date hereof and ends on the Maturity Date (if this is not a Business Day, the following Business Day) of the Loan from the relevant Lender. Provided, however, that, if the withheld taxes are refunded after the Maturity Date of the Loan, the credit period shall extend to the refunding date of such withheld taxes. 
 C. Interest and Default Interest No interest or default interest shall accrue on the subordinated loan under this Article. 
 D. Prepayment Only in the event that the SPC Lenders receive tax refund from the competent tax office, the relevant Lenders may prepay the subordinated loan to the Borrower in an amount equivalent to the tax refund, without paying any prepayment fee. Provided, however, that if any withheld tax is refunded to the Fund Management Account, the subordinated loan shall be deemed to be provided from such refund, notwithstanding that this subparagraph allows prepayment. 
 Section 3 Restriction on Exercise of Rights including Security Right and Right of Setoff, etc. 
 Not until the time any and all obligations Senior Obligations the SPC Lenders owe to a third party other than the Borrower are repaid in full, the Borrower s exercise of rights shall be restricted as follows 
 A. The Borrower shall not claim setoff or other rights with respect to the SPC Lenders claim for Loan and other obligations against the Borrower, in connection with the credit provision under this Article. 
 B. The Borrower may not demand prepayment of the subordinated loan under this Article or accelerate the relevant SPC Lenders obligation, and shall be restricted from applying for commencement of the rehabilitation procedure or bankruptcy procedure under the Debtor Rehabilitation and Bankruptcy Act, reorganization procedure or any similar procedure and from infringing rights or benefits of persons such as holders of asset-backed securities issued by the relevant SPC Lenders entitling them to seniority in repayment to the Borrower. 
 C. The Borrower acknowledges that repayment of the subordinated loan under this Article is junior to the SPC Lenders obligations to a third party (including obligations arising from asset-backed securities), and the subordinated loan may be repaid only after the 
 75 

SPC Lenders obligations to a third party are paid in full (except for prepayment under subparagraph D, Section 2 of this Article). 
 
 Section 4 Subordinated Loan to ABL securities Lender 
 In the event of any securities lender raise funds thorough the type of ABL loan agreement, in accordance with applying the provision of this Article mutatis mutandis to SPC ABL Securities Lenders ), Borrower shall make a subordinated loan in the amount of withholding tax (including special collection tax) under the Corporate Tax ACT, Local tax, and other related laws on interest on loan under ABL to the SPC. 
 
 Article 24 Miscellaneous 
 Section 1 Term of Agreement 
 The term of this Agreement shall commence from and including the Execution Date and shall end on the date of termination of the Facility in full or on the date of payment in full of the outstanding Principal and Interest of the Loan and other amount payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under or related to this Agreement. The Borrower s representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement shall continue to be valid after the Loan is provided, and the Borrower s liability to reimburse expenses and indemnify losses shall survive repayment of the Loan. 
 Section 2 Entire Agreement 
 This Agreement and documents referred to in this Agreement constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto and supersedes any prior agreements or covenants among the parties hereto with respect to the Transaction. 
 Section 3 Amendment 
 Any amendment of this Agreement or any waiver of any right under this Agreement shall be binding only through the relevant parties expressions of intent in writing. The Lenders expression of their intention shall be in accordance with Section 1 of Article 19 of this Agreement. 
 Section 4 Waiver Cumulative Rights 
 The failure or delay of the Facility Agent or the Lenders to require performance by the Borrower of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect their rights to require performance of such provision nor shall any single or partial exercise of the same preclude any further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The right, power and 
 76 

remedy granted to the Facility Agent or the Lenders hereunder or by law shall be cumulative and may be exercised in part or in whole from time to time. 
 Section 5 Severability 
 If any specific provision contained in this Agreement or any document executed in connection herewith shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable Laws, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 Section 6 Set-Off 
 If any amount becomes due and payable by the Borrower upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, any Lender or the Facility Agent may set off any obligation owed by the Borrower to the Lender hereunder against any obligation (whether or not matured) owed by the Lender to the Borrower, including any balances of the Borrower s accounts, by giving a notice to the Borrower. If any Lender effects a set-off pursuant to this Article, Section 2 of Article 18 shall apply. 
 Section 7 Application of the General Terms and Conditions of Credit Transaction 
 The Borrower approves that the General Terms and Conditions of Credit Transaction shall apply hereto, and in the event of any discrepancy among this Agreement, other Financing Documents and the General Terms and Conditions of Credit Transaction, this Agreement and other Financing Documents shall prevail. 
 Section 8 Builder 
 The Builder has full knowledge of this Agreement, and agrees to the terms and conditions hereof, to be bound by this Agreement and comply with this Agreement. 
 Section 9 Limitation of Liability of Trustee 
 INDUSTIRIAL BANK OF KOREA, one of the Lender, is trustee of KB WISE STAR NO. 18 QUALIFED PRIVATE REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST (the Fund duly established under Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act( Capital Markets Act ), and KB ASSET MANAGEMNT Co., Ltd. is collective investment business entity of this Fund, therefore the parties in this Agreement acknowledge and agree that conclusion and performance effect of financial contracts including this agreement is belonged to trustee properties of this Fund, and any responsibility and obligation of financial contracts as Trustee or collective investment business entity of INDUSTIRIAL BANK OF KOREA and KB ASSET MANANGEMENT Co., Ltd, is limited within trustee properties of this Fund. 
 
 77 

Signature pages follow 

78 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be prepared, signed and sealed by their respective duly authorized signatories as of the date first written above, and the Facility Agent shall retain the original copy hereof and the other parties retain one duplicate copy each. The seal between pages of this Agreement may be substituted by boring by Bae, Kim & Lee LLC. 
 
 Borrower 
 
 Inspire Integrated Resort Co., Ltd. 

By s Andrew Billany (seal) 
 Name Andrew Billany 
 Title Representative Director 

79 

Facility Agent 
 
 KOOKMIN BANK Co., Ltd. 
 CEO Yin Hur 
 By s Kab-Seub Lee (seal) 
 Name Kab-Seub Lee 
 Title Manager, Director of Structured Finance Division 

80 

Notifying Agent 
 
 KOOKMIN Securities Co., Ltd. 
 
 By s Sung-Hyun Kim (seal) 
 Name Sung-Hyun Kim 
 Title Representative Director 

81 

Builder 
 
 Hanwha Engineering & Construction Corp. 
 
 By s Jeahak Jung (seal) 
 Name Jeahak Jung 
 Title Deputy Section Chief 

82 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 5
 a2021930ex1020.htm
 EX-10.20

Document 
 Exhibit 10.20 

 DATED 4 NOVEMBER 2021 
 
 USD 275,000,000 SECURED TERM LOAN FACILITY 
 for 
 
 MGE KOREA LIMITED 
 
 as Borrower 

MGE KOREA HOLDING III LIMITED 
 
 as Shareholder 
 THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS LISTED IN PART 2 OF SCHEDULE 1 
 
 as Lenders 

SERICA AGENCY LIMITED 
 
 as Agent 
 SERICA AGENCY LIMITED 
 
 as Security Agent 
 FACILITY AGREEMENT 
 relating to 
 INSPIRE Integrated Entertainment Resort 

CONTENTS 
 CLAUSE PAGE 
 1. Definitions and Interpretation 
 4 
 2. The Facility 
 39 
 3. PURPOSE 
 39 
 4. Conditions of Utilisation 
 40 
 5. UTILISATION 
 40 
 6. REPAYMENT 
 41 
 7. Prepayment and Cancellation 
 41 
 8. INTEREST 
 45 
 9. Interest Periods 
 46 
 10. Fees 
 47 
 11. Tax Gross Up and Indemnities 
 48 
 12. Increased Costs 
 57 
 13. OTHER INDEMNITIES 
 58 
 14. MITIGATION BY THE LENDERS 
 61 
 15. Costs and Expenses 
 61 
 16. Cash Management 
 62 
 17. Representations 
 65 
 18. Information Undertakings 
 75 
 19. Financial Covenants 
 80 
 20. General Undertakings 
 86 
 21. Property Undertakings 
 96 
 22. Development Undertakings 
 100 
 23. Events of Default 
 102 
 24. PROVISIONS IN RELATION TO GAMING BOARDS 
 109 
 25. Changes to the Lenders 
 109 
 26. RESTRICTION ON DEBT PURCHASE TRANSACTIONS 
 115 
 27. Changes to the obligors 
 115 
 28. CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY THE lenders 
 115 
 29. Role of the Agent AND the Security Agent 
 115 
 30. APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS 
 130 
 31. Sharing among the Finance Parties 
 132 
 32. Payment Mechanics 
 133 
 33. Set-Off 
 137 
 34. Notices 
 137 
 35. CALCULATIONS AND CERTIFICATES 
 139 
 36. PARTIAL INVALIDITY 
 139 
 37. REMEDIES AND WAIVERS 
 139 
 38. Amendments and Waivers 
 139 
 39. Confidentiality 
 141 
 40. COUNTERPARTS 
 146 
 41. Governing Law 
 146 

42. Dispute Resolution 
 146 
 43. PROCESS AGENT 
 147 
 Schedule 1 
 148 
 The Original Parties 
 148 
 Part 1 Borrower and Shareholder 
 148 
 Part 2 The Original Lenders 
 149 
 Schedule 2 The Property 
 150 
 Schedule 3 
 151 
 Part 1 Initial Conditions Precedent (Prior to Delivery of Utilisation Request) 
 151 
 Part 2 Conditions Subsequent after Utilisation 
 156 
 Part 3 Further Conditions Subsequent 
 157 
 Schedule 4 Form of Utilisation Request 
 158 
 Schedule 5 Form of Compliance Certificate 
 160 
 Schedule 6 LMA FORM OF CONFIDENTIALITY UNDERTAKING 
 161 
 Schedule 7 Form of Transfer Certificate 
 166 
 Schedule 8 Form of Assignment Agreement 
 169 
 Schedule 9 Competitors 
 172 

THIS AGREEMENT (this Agreement is dated 4 November 2021 and made 
 BETWEEN 
 (1) MGE Korea Limited , a private company limited by shares incorporated in England and Wales with Company Number 11802191 and its registered office address at 100 New Bridge Street, London, EC4V 6JA as borrower (the Borrower 
 (2) MGE KOREA HOLDING III LIMITED, a private company limited by shares incorporated in Jersey with Company Number 138231 and its registered office address at 22 Grenville Street, St. Helier, JE4 8PX, Jersey as the sole shareholder of the Borrower (the Shareholder 
 (3) THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS listed in Part 2 of Schedule 1 The Original Parties as lenders (the Original Lenders 
 (4) SERICA AGENCY LIMITED as agent of the other Finance Parties the Agent and 
 (5) SERICA AGENCY LIMITED as security trustee for the Secured Parties the Security Agent ). 
 WHEREAS , the Senior Borrower (as defined below) is developing the integrated resort project as described in the Prerequisites of Notification of Eligibility which involves the construction of a hotel, a casino and a family park on the project site of 461,661 square metres in the IBC (international business center)-III region owned by Incheon International Airport located at 2955 Unseo-dong, Jung-gu, Incheon, Korea (the Project and the Project Site , respectively) 
 WHEREAS , the Senior Borrower filed an application for preliminary review as to whether the Senior Borrower is qualified to operate a casino within the Property (as defined below) with the Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism in accordance with Article 23-3 of the Special Act on Designation and Management of Free Economic Zones and received the Prerequisites of Notification of Eligibility 
 WHEREAS , the Senior Borrower intends to obtain a Final Casino License by satisfying the prerequisites set forth in the Prerequisites of Notification of Eligibility (as defined below) 
 WHEREAS , the Senior Borrower is to receive a certain loan from the lenders under the Senior Facilities Agreement (as defined below) for financing the construction and operation of, and other project costs relating to, the Project and those lenders are to make available a certain credit facility to the Senior Borrower subject to the terms and conditions of the Senior Facilities Agreement and 
 WHEREAS , the Borrower intends to receive a certain loan from the Lenders, and the Lenders intend to make available a certain credit facility to the Borrower, for the purposes set out in Clause 3 and otherwise subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 THE PARTIES AGREE AS FOLLOWS 
 1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
 1.1 Definitions 
 In this Agreement 

Acceptable Bank means 
 (a) a bank or financial institution which has a rating for its long-term unsecured and non credit-enhanced debt obligations of A- or higher by Standard & Poor s Rating Services or Fitch Ratings Ltd or A3 or higher by Moody s Investors Service Limited or a comparable rating from an internationally recognised credit rating agency or 
 (b) any other bank or financial institution approved by the Majority Lenders 
 Account Bank means any bank where an account of the Borrower is held in accordance with this Agreement 
 Accounts means, collectively, the Operating Accounts and the Blocked Accounts and Account means any of them 
 Agreement for Lease means an agreement to grant an Occupational Lease for all or part of the Property and Agreements for Lease means more than one of such agreements 
 Affiliate means, in relation to any person, a Subsidiary of that person or a Holding Company of that person or any other Subsidiary of that Holding Company 
 Amendment to the Implementation Agreement means that certain amendment to the Implementation Agreement dated as of 30 September 2021 and entered between IIAC and the Senior Borrower 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means, collectively, any law of any jurisdiction in which the Shareholder or any member of the Group performs business, or of the United States, or of the United Kingdom, including without limitation, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the United Kingdom Bribery Act, as amended, and any and all anti-corruption or similar Laws of the Republic of Korea or any other jurisdiction applicable to any of the Shareholder and any member of the Group 
 Approved Auditor means one of PricewaterhouseCoopers, Ernst & Young, KPMG, Deloitte, BDO Seidman or any other primary internationally recognised firm of independent auditors 
 Approved Form means, with respect to any relevant document, that document in the form delivered to the Agent pursuant to Clause 4.1 Initial Conditions Precedent to the Utilisation ), as may be amended from time to time in accordance with Clause 20.12 Transaction Documents and Other Agreements or such other form otherwise acceptable to the Lenders 
 Assignment Agreement means an agreement substantially in the form set out in Schedule 8 Form of Assignment Agreement 
 Authorisation means 
 (a) an authorisation, consent, approval, resolution, licence, exemption, filing, notarisation, lodgement, or registration and 
 (b) in relation to anything which will be fully or partly prohibited or restricted by law if a Governmental Agency intervenes or acts in any way within a specified period after lodgement, filing, registration or notification, the expiry of that period without intervention or action 

Availability Period means the period from and including the date of this Agreement to and including one Month thereafter 
 Available Commitment means a Lender s Commitment minus 
 (a) the amount of its participation in any outstanding Loans and 
 (b) in relation to any proposed Utilisation, the amount of its participation in any Loans that are due to be made on or before the proposed Utilisation Date 
 Available Facility means the aggregate for the time being of each Lender s Available Commitment 
 Bain SPV means Sankaty European Investments s. . r.l. a s oci t responsabilit limit e incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
 BCC LP means Bain Capital Credit, LP, a limited partnership formed in Delaware with a registered address at 200 Clarendon Street, Boston MA 02116, U.S.A. 
 Blocked Account means each of the following (a) each account (if any) of the Borrower specified as a Blocked Account in the Debenture, (b) each other account as may be identified in writing by the Borrower, the Agent and the Security Agent from time to time as a Blocked Account in accordance with the terms of the Debenture and (c) any renewal or redesignation of any of the foregoing account(s) 
 Borrower Share Charge means the share charge over all the issued shares of the Borrower dated on or about the Facility Agreement Date entered into between the Shareholder as chargor and the Security Agent as chargee 
 Borrowings has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Budget means the annual budget delivered under the terms of the Warrant Agreement and delivered to the Agent in accordance with Clause 18.4 Budget 
 Buildings shall mean the facilities to be newly built on the Project Site pursuant to the Project Plan, including a hotel (including a casino), related commercial facilities and other subsidiary facilities as described in more detail in Schedule 2 The Property) , provided that temporary buildings built and used in connection with the construction of any Building during the Construction Period are not included herein 
 Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in Hong Kong Seoul, London and New York 
 Business Plan means the Business Plan as defined under the Senior Facilities Agreement and prepared by or on behalf of the Borrower and the Senior Borrower and delivered to the Agent pursuant to Clause 4.1 Initial Conditions Precedent to the Utilisation 
 Calculation Period has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Capital Expenditure has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Cash Equivalent Investments means, at any time 

(a) certificates of deposit maturing within one year after the relevant date of calculation and issued by an Acceptable Bank 
 (b) any investment in marketable debt obligations issued or guaranteed by the government of the United States of America, the United Kingdom or Korea or by an instrumentality or agency of any of them having an equivalent credit rating, maturing within one year after the relevant date of calculation and not convertible or exchangeable to any other security 
 (c) commercial paper not convertible or exchangeable to any other security 
 (i) for which a recognised trading market exists 
 (ii) issued by an issuer incorporated in the United States of America, the United Kingdom or Korea 
 (iii) which matures within one year after the relevant date of calculation and 
 (iv) which has a credit rating of either A-1 or higher by Standard & Poor s Rating Services or F1 or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd or P-1 or higher by Moody s Investors Service Limited, or, if no such rating is available in respect of the commercial paper, the issuer of which has, in respect of its long-term unsecured and non-credit enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating 
 (d) sterling bills of exchange eligible for rediscount at the Bank of England and accepted by an Acceptable Bank (or their dematerialised equivalent) 
 (e) any investment in money market funds which 
 (i) have a credit rating of either A-1 or higher by Standard & Poor s Rating Services or F1 or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd or P-1 or higher by Moody s Investors Service Limited and 
 (ii) invest substantially all their assets in securities of the types described in paragraphs (a) to (e) above, to the extent that investment can be turned into cash on not more than 30 days notice or 
 (f) any other debt security approved by the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders), 
 in each case, denominated in USD, Sterling or KRW to which any member of the Group is alone (or together with other members of the Group) beneficially entitled at that time and which is not issued or guaranteed by any member of the Group or subject to any Security (other than Security arising under the Transaction Security or Permitted Security) 
 Cashflow has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Casino means the foreigner-exclusive casino contemplated under the Project Plan to be developed at the Property in a manner consistent with the Specifications 
 Change of Control has the meaning given to that term in paragraph (c) of Clause 7.2 Change of Control 

Claim means any claim, action, cause of action, investigation, proceeding, charge, suit, or any other similar right or claim 
 Code means the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
 Collateral Documents has the meaning given to it in the Senior Facilities Agreement 
 Commitment means 
 (a) in relation to an Original Lender, the amount set opposite its name under the heading Commitment in Part 2 of Schedule 1 The Original Parties) and the amount of any other Commitment transferred to it under this Agreement and 
 (b) in relation to any other Lender, the amount of any Commitment transferred to it under this Agreement 
 Competitor has the meaning given to that term in Clause 25.1 Assignments, Transfers and Sub-participations by the Lenders 
 Completion Inspection Approval means the approval from the relevant Governmental Agency(ies) in respect of its or their satisfactory completion inspection of the Property, including but not limited to the completion inspection approval from the Seoul Regional Office of Aviation the relevant planning bureau, the relevant construction bureau, fire protection bureau and any other Governmental Agency that may be relevant to the Development according to the Development Plan 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate delivered pursuant to paragraph (a) of Clause 18.2 Compliance Certificate substantially in the form set out in Schedule 5 (Form of Compliance Certificate) or otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting on instructions from the Majority Lenders) 
 Confidential Information means all information relating to any of the Shareholder or any member of the Group, any of the Finance Documents, the transactions contemplated thereby or the Facility in whatever form, and includes information given to any Party orally and any document, electronic file or any other way of representing or recording information which contains or is derived or copied from such information but excludes information that 
 (a) is or becomes public information other than as a direct or indirect result of any breach of Clause 39 Confidentiality 
 (b) is identified in writing at the time of delivery as non-confidential by the delivering Party or any of its advisers or 
 (c) is known by a Party before the date the information is disclosed to it in accordance with paragraph (a) or (b) above or is lawfully obtained by that Party after that date, from a source which is, as far as that Party is aware, unconnected with any party to a Finance Document and which, in either case, as far as that Party is aware, has not been obtained in breach of, and is not otherwise subject to, any obligation of confidentiality 
 Confidentiality Undertaking means a confidentiality undertaking substantially in a recommended form of the LMA as set out in Schedule 6 LMA Form of Confidentiality Undertaking or in any other form agreed between the Borrower and a Finance Party 

Consolidated Total Borrowings has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Consolidated Total Net Borrowings has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Constitutional Documents means the documents listed in paragraph 1.1(a) of Part 1 of Schedule 3 Initial Conditions Precedent (Prior to Delivery of Utilisation Request) in the form delivered to the Agent at prior to the delivery of the Utilisation Request 
 Construction Agreement means the Construction Agreement as defined under the Senior Facilities Agreement 
 Construction Period shall mean a period from the Facilities Agreement Date (inclusive) to the date immediately preceding the Operations Commencement Date (inclusive) 
 Contractor means Hanwha Engineering & Construction Corp. 
 Contractor s Completion Guarantee means any completion guarantee given or required to be given under the Construction Agreement in favour of the Senior Borrower in support of the Contractor s obligations under a Construction Agreement, including the Hanwha Completion Guarantee 
 CTA means the Corporation Tax Act 2009 
 Current Assets has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Current Liabilities has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Debenture means the fixed and floating security deed dated on or about the Facility Agreement Date entered into between the Borrower as chargor and the Security Agent as chargee 
 Debt Purchase Transaction means, in relation to a person, a transaction where such person 
 (i) purchases by way of assignment or transfer 
 (ii) enters into any sub-participation in respect of or 
 (iii) enters into any other agreement or arrangement having an economic effect substantially similar to a sub-participation in respect of, any Commitment or amount outstanding under this Agreement 
 Debt Service has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Default means an Event of Default or any event or circumstance specified in Clause 23 Events of Default (other than Clause 23.20 Acceleration )) which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination under the Finance Documents or any combination of any of the foregoing) be an Event of Default 

Delegate means any delegate, custodian, nominee, agent, attorney or co-trustee appointed by a Finance Party 
 Development means the construction, building and other works with respect to the Project, to be undertaken in accordance with the Project Plan, the Development Documents, the Specifications and the Development Consents as described in the Development Plan (and which shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, include the construction, building and other works with respect to Phase 1B) 
 Development Completion means Completion of Construction as defined under the Senior Facilities Agreement 
 Development Consent means any Authorisation (including any planning, building and other permission, approval of all relevant matters and confirmation of satisfaction of all conditions precedent to the commencement of development) required under any law or regulation in connection with the Development 
 Development Document means 
 (a) the Construction Agreement 
 (b) the Contractor s Completion Guarantee 
 (c) any performance security or bond the Contractor provides pursuant to a Construction Agreement and 
 (d) any other document designated as such by the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) and the Borrower 
 Development Party means 
 (a) the Contractor 
 (b) the Project Monitor 
 (c) any contractor or sub-contractor that is a Sponsor Affiliate or 
 (d) any other person designated as such by the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) and the Borrower 
 Development Plan means the plan for the Development of the Property, including a Feasibility Study Report for the Development as required pursuant to the Senior Facilities Agreement, prepared by or on behalf of the Senior Borrower and delivered on or prior to the Utilisation Date pursuant to Clause 4.1 Initial Conditions Precedent to the Utilisation ), as may be updated and or revised from time to time in accordance with Clause 22.5 Development Plan 
 Development Services Agreement means the Development Services Agreement dated April 10, 2017, as amended on January 30, 2020, between the Senior Borrower and Mohegan Gaming Advisors, LLC and the Development Services Agreement dated April 10, 2017, as amended on January 30, 2020, entered into between the Senior Borrower and MGA Korea, LLC 
 Dispute has the meaning given to that term in Clause 42 Dispute Resolution 
 Distribution has the meaning given to that term in Clause 20.13 Shares, Dividends and Share Redemption 

Disruption Event means either or both of 
 (a) a material disruption to those payment or communications systems or to those financial markets which are, in each case, required to operate in order for payments to be made in connection with the Facility (or otherwise in order for the transactions contemplated by the Finance Documents to be carried out) which disruption is not caused by, and is beyond the control of, any of the Parties or 
 (b) the occurrence of any other event which results in a disruption (of a technical or systems-related nature) to the treasury or payments operations of a Party preventing that, or any other Party 
 (i) from performing its payment obligations under the Finance Documents or 
 (ii) from communicating with other Parties in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents, 
 and which (in either such case) is not caused by, and is beyond the control of, the Party whose operations are disrupted 
 DSCR has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 DSCR Commencement Date has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 EBITDA has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Environment means humans, animals, plants and all other living organisms including the ecological systems of which they form part and the following media 
 (a) air (including, without limitation, air within natural or man-made structures, whether above or below ground) 
 (b) water (including, without limitation, territorial, coastal and inland waters, water under or within land and water in drains and sewers) and 
 (c) land (including, without limitation, land under water) 
 Environmental Claim means any claim, proceeding or investigation by any person in respect of any Environmental Law 
 Environmental Laws means any and all federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules, regulations, ordinances, codes, treaties, permits, binding guidelines, restrictions, the constitution, acts, enforcement decrees, notifications, provisions, rules of common law and any other similar rules (collectively, the Laws relating to environmental pollution or environmental conservation or protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation, Laws relating to releases or threatened releases of hazardous materials or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, transport or handling of hazardous materials, and regulating the Borrower, the Senior Borrower and their respective businesses 
 Environmental Permit means any Authorisation and the filing of any notification, report or assessment required under any Environmental Law for the operation of the business of any member of the Group conducted on or from the properties owned or used by the relevant member of the Group 

Equity Securities has the meaning given to that term in Clause 7.3 Trade Sale Prepayment 
 ESG Laws means all laws and codes of any Governmental Agency now or hereafter in effect in each case (a) to the extent binding upon any member of the Group and (b) to the extent that they constitute Environmental Laws or relate to or apply to working conditions, health and safety, employee relations and diversity, board independence, structure and transparency, supply chain, privacy, cyber, cyber-security, organized crime, anti-social forces and prostitution issues 
 Event of Default means any event or circumstance specified as such in Clause 23 Events of Default (other than Clause 23.20 Acceleration )) 
 Exceptional Items has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Export Control Law means any export or import control law, restriction or sanction administered by OFAC, the U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security (formerly known as the Bureau of Export Administration), the U.S. State Department s Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, the MOTIE, the Defense Acquisition Program Administration of Korea, the United Nations, or any other Governmental Agency in Korea, the E.U., or the United States. Export Control Laws include, without limitation, the U.S. International Traffic in Arms Regulations the economic sanctions rules and regulations administered by OFAC the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (15 C.F.R. Parts 730 et seq.) E.U. Council Regulations on export controls (including Nos. 428 2009, 267 2012) other E.U. Council sanctions regulations, as implemented in E.U. Member States United Nations sanctions policies the Defense Acquisition Program Act of Korea and the Foreign Trade Act of Korea 
 Facility means the term loan facility made available under this Agreement as described in Clause 2 The Facility 
 Facility Agreement Date means the date of this Agreement 
 Facility Office means the office or offices notified by a Lender to the Borrower in writing on or before the date it becomes a Lender (or, following that date, by not less than five Business Days written notice) as the office or offices through which it will perform its obligations under this Agreement 
 Family Park shall mean the facilities to be newly built on the Project Site pursuant to the Project Plan, including a family park and other related ancillary facilities, as described in more detail in Schedule 1 The Property 
 FATCA means 
 (a) sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code or any associated regulations 
 (b) any treaty, law or regulation of any other jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental agreement between the US and any other jurisdiction, which (in either case) facilitates the implementation of any law or regulation referred to in paragraph (a) above or 
 (c) any agreement pursuant to the implementation of any treaty, law or regulation referred to in paragraphs (a) or (b) above with the US Internal Revenue Service, the US government or any governmental or taxation authority in any other jurisdiction 

FATCA Application Date means 
 (a) in relation to a withholdable payment described in section 1473(1)(A)(i) of the Code (which relates to payments of interest and certain other payments from sources within the US), 1 July 2014 or 
 (b) in relation to a passthru payment described in section 1471(d)(7) of the Code not falling within paragraph (a) above, the first date from which such payment may become subject to a deduction or withholding required by FATCA 
 FATCA Deduction means a deduction or withholding from a payment under a Finance Document required by FATCA 
 FATCA Exempt Party means a Party that is entitled to receive payments free from any FATCA Deduction 
 Fee Letter means any fee letter or letters dated on or about the date of this Agreement between any of the Lenders, the Agent or the Security Agent and the Borrower 
 FF&E Lease Financing has the meaning given to it under the Senior Facilities Agreement 
 Final Casino License means with respect to the Casino, the license to operate casino business (as defined in paragraph 5 of Article 3(1) of the Tourism Promotion Act) to be granted by the Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism pursuant to Article 23-3 of the Special Act on Designation and Management of Free Economic Zones 
 Final Maturity Date means the date falling 66 Months from and including the Utilisation Date, and if such date is not a Business Day, the preceding Business Day 
 Finance Document means 
 (a) this Agreement 
 (b) the Sponsor Indemnity 
 (c) any Security Document 
 (d) the Utilisation Request 
 (e) any Fee Letter 
 (f) the Intercreditor Side Letter or 
 (g) any other document designated as such by the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) and the Borrower 
 Finance Party means the Agent, the Security Agent or a Lender 
 Financial Covenants means the covenants contained in Clause 19 Financial Covenants 
 Financial Indebtedness means any indebtedness for or in respect of 
 (a) moneys borrowed 

(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised equivalent 
 (c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument 
 (d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis) 
 (e) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) of a type not referred to in any other paragraph of this definition having the commercial effect of a borrowing (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, trade credit on customary terms in the ordinary course of business) 
 (f) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value (or, if any actual amount is due as a result of the termination or close out of that derivative transaction, that amount shall be taken into account) 
 (g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution and 
 (h) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above 
 First Test Date has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Funds Flow means the funds flow memorandum delivered under paragraph 12.2 of Part 1 of Schedule 3 Initial Conditions Precedent (Prior to Delivery of Utilisation Request) 
 GAAP means 
 (a) in the case of the Borrower, IFRS 
 (b) in the case of the Sponsor, generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied and 
 (c) in the case of the Senior Borrower, K-GAAP (as defined in the Senior Facilities Agreement) 
 Governmental Agency means any government or any governmental department, agency, instrumentality, semi-governmental or judicial entity or authority (including, without limitation, any stock exchange or any self-regulatory organisation established under statute), including any entity or enterprise owned or controlled by a government, or a public international organisation, including any Governmental Authorities as defined under the Senior Facilities Agreement 

Government Official means (i) an officer, agent or employee of a government, government-owned or controlled enterprise (or any agency, department or instrumentality thereof), political party or public international organization, (ii) a candidate for government or political office, or (iii) an agent, officer, or employee of any entity owned or controlled by a government 
 Group means the Borrower, the Senior Borrower and each of their respective Subsidiaries 
 Group Structure Chart means the group structure chart delivered to the Agent pursuant to Clause 4.1 Initial Conditions Precedent to the Utilisation 
 Hanwha CB Subscription Agreement means the Junior CB Subscription Agreement in respect of the Hanwha Convertible Bonds as defined under the Senior Facilities Agreement 
 Hanwha CB Subscription Covenant Letter means the Junior CB Subscription Covenant Letter as defined under the Senior Facilities Agreement 
 Hanwha Completion Guarantee means the Construction Completion Guaranty as defined in and under the Senior Facilities Agreement 
 Hanwha Convertible Bonds means convertible bonds issued or to be issued by the Senior Borrower to HE&C pursuant to the Hanwha CB Subscription Agreement 
 Hanwha Convertible Bond Documents means the Hanwha CB Subscription Agreement, the Hanwha CB Subscription Covenant Letter, the Hanwha Convertible Bonds and any document evidencing any security interest granted in connection with any of the foregoing 
 HE&C means Hanwha Engineering & Construction Corp., a corporation incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Korea 
 Holding Company means, in relation to a person, any other person in respect of which it is a Subsidiary 
 Hotels means the three hotels contemplated under the Project Plan to be developed at the Property in a manner consistent with the Specifications and Hotel means any of them 
 Hong Kong means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China 
 Hotel HOA means the HOA as defined under the Senior Facilities Agreement, delivered to the Agent pursuant to Clause 4.1 Initial Conditions Precedent to the Utilisation 
 Hotel Management Agreement means (i) Management Service Agreement as defined under the Senior Facilities Agreement and (ii) any other hotel management agreement to be entered into from time to time between the Senior Borrower and the Hotel Manager, as the same may be amended or supplemented or replaced from time to time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement 
 Hotel Manager means Hanwha Hotels and Resorts Corp. or its Affiliate, or any other hotel manager appointed to manage and operate the Hotels in accordance with Clause 21.6 Hotel Management 

Hotel Operations Date means the date on which any of the Hotels is open to the public for commercial operation (which date the Borrower shall promptly notify to the Agent) 
 IFRS means UK-adopted international accounting standards within the meaning of section 474(1) of the Companies Act 2006 to the extent applicable to the relevant financial statements 
 IIAC means the Incheon International Airport Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Korean Airports Corporation which is a state-owned company incorporated pursuant to the Korea Airports Corporation Act 
 Implementation Agreement means the Agreement for Implementation of IBC-III dated August 1, 2016 between the IIAC and the Senior Borrower, as amended, restated or supplemented by the Ancillary Agreement for Implementation of IBC-III dated April 27, 2017 between the IIAC and the Senior Borrower and the Amendment to the Implementation Agreement 
 Initial Valuation means the valuation of the Property delivered to the Agent pursuant to Clause 4.1 Initial Conditions Precedent to the Utilisation 
 Insurance Keun-Pledge Agreement has the meaning given to that term in the Senior Facilities Agreement 
 Insurances means any contract and policy of insurance required to be taken out from time to time in respect of the Property in accordance with the terms of Clause 21.8 Insurances of this Agreement 
 Intercreditor Side Letter means the letter agreement dated on or around the Facility Agreement Date and entered into between, among others, the Senior Borrower and the facility agent under the Senior Facilities Agreement on behalf of the lenders thereunder 
 Interest Expense has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Interest Payment Date means the last day of each Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Final Maturity Date. If, however, such day (save for the Final Maturity Date) is not a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will instead be the next Business Day in that calendar month (if there is one) or the preceding Business Day (if there is not) 
 Interest Period means each period determined in accordance with Clause 9 Interest Periods and, in relation to an Unpaid Sum, each period determined in accordance with Clause 8.4 Default Interest 
 IPO has the meaning given to that term in Clause 7.4 IPO Prepayment 
 ITA means the Income Tax Act 2007 
 Knowledge of a person means the actual knowledge of (a) in the case of a person who is an individual, such person, and (b) in the case of any person that is a corporation, each of the directors, officers and employees (with the position of team lead, team-jang (as applicable) or higher) of such person, in each case after inquiry of all employees of the Shareholder and or the Borrower and or the Senior Borrower reasonably expected to have actual knowledge of such fact or matter 

Leasehold Interest means the Senior Borrower s leasehold interest in the land comprising the Property as granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Implementation Agreement 
 Legal Reservations means 
 (a) the principle that equitable remedies may be granted or refused at the discretion of a court and the limitation of enforcement by laws relating to insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganisation and other laws generally affecting the rights of creditors 
 (b) the time barring of claims under the applicable statutes of limitation, the possibility that an undertaking to assume liability for or indemnify a person against non-payment of stamp duty may be void and defences of set-off or counterclaim 
 (c) the limitation of the enforcement of the terms of leases or tenancies of real property by laws of general application to those leases or tenancies 
 (d) similar principles, rights and remedies under the laws of any Relevant Jurisdiction and 
 (e) any other matters which are set out as qualifications or reservations as to matters of law of general application in any legal opinions supplied to the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement from time to time 
 Lender means 
 (a) any Original Lender and 
 (b) any bank, financial institution, trust, fund or other entity which has become a Party as a Lender in accordance with or Clause 25 Changes to the Lenders which in each case has not ceased to be a Party as such in accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
 Lien has the meaning given to it in the Senior Facilities Agreement 
 Loan means the loan made or to be made under the Facility or the principal amount outstanding of that loan for the time being 
 Majority Lenders means a Lender or Lenders whose Commitments aggregate more than 50 per cent. of the Total Commitments or, if the Total Commitments have been reduced to zero, aggregated more than 50 per cent. of the Total Commitments immediately prior to the reduction 
 Make-Whole Period has the meaning given to that term in Clause 10.3 Prepayment Fee 
 Mandatory Prepayment Deductions means any costs, expenses, commissions, fees and taxes incurred in connection with any IPO or Trade Sale 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on 
 (a) the business, operations, property, assets or financial condition of the Shareholder and the members of the Group (taken as a whole) or 
 (b) the ability of any of the Sponsor, the Shareholder or the Borrower to perform its payment obligations under any Finance Document or 

(c) subject to the Legal Reservations and any Perfection Requirements, the validity or enforceability of, or the effectiveness or ranking of any Security granted or purported to be granted pursuant to any of, the Finance Documents 
 Material Contract means 
 (a) the Implementation Agreement 
 (b) the Development Documents 
 (c) the Development Services Agreement 
 (d) the Hotel Management Agreement or 
 (e) the Mohegan Management Agreement 
 Material Financing Agreement means 
 (a) each of the Senior Finance Documents 
 (b) each of the Hanwha Convertible Bond Documents and 
 (c) each other financing agreement that constitutes a Permitted Refinancing of the Senior Facilities Agreement and or the Hanwha Convertible Bonds (if any) 
 Minimum Cash Balance means (i) prior to the Hotel Operations Date, an amount equal to the higher of (A) KRW 10,000,000,000 and (B) the lower of (x) such amount reasonably determined by the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) as being necessary to cure any cash shortfall based on the most recently available financial information of the Group and (y) KRW 35,000,000,000 and (ii) from the Hotel Operations Date, KRW 35,000,000,000 
 MCST means the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism of the Republic of Korea or any successor entity thereof 
 Mohegan Manager means Mohegan Gaming Advisors, LLC, MGA Korea, LLC, or an Affiliate of the Sponsor or any other manager or service provider appointed in respect of any part of the Project in accordance with Clause 21.7 Mohegan Management 
 Mohegan Management Agreement means (i) the management services agreement dated 1 December 2019 between the Senior Borrower as owner and Mohegan Gaming Advisors, LLC, (ii) the management services agreement dated 1 December 2019 between the Senior Borrower as owner and MGA Korea, LLC and any other agreement in respect of the management of any part of the Project entered or to be entered into between the Mohegan Manager (as manager) and the Senior Borrower or the Borrower from time to time, as the same may be amended, supplemented or replaced in accordance with this Agreement from time to time 
 Money Laundering Laws has the meaning given to that term in Clause 17.30 Anti-Money Laundering 
 Month means a period starting on one day in a calendar month and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the next calendar month, except that 
 (a) (subject to paragraph (c) below) if the numerically corresponding day is not a Business Day, that period shall end on the next Business Day in that calendar 

month in which that period is to end if there is one, or if there is not, on the immediately preceding Business Day 
 (b) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which that period is to end, that period shall end on the last Business Day in that calendar month and 
 (c) if an Interest Period begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month, that Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day in the calendar month in which that Interest Period is to end The above rules will only apply to the last Month of any period 
 Net Distribution Proceeds means the total gross amount of cash proceeds of any dividend or other distribution to the Borrower from the Senior Borrower, minus any amounts applied (a) in any payment or prepayment of principal of the Loan and or any accrued PIK Interest in accordance with Clause 8.3 Payment of PIK Interest in cash) and (b) in payment of customary professional fees and administrative costs and expenses in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower as a holding company 
 Net Leverage has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Occupational Lease means any lease, sub-lease, tenancy, sub-tenancy or licence or other right of occupation or right to receive rent to which the Property or any part thereof may at any time be subject and includes any guarantee of a tenant s obligations under the same 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of the Treasury 
 OFAC Sanctions has the meaning given to that term in paragraph (a) of Clause 17.31 Sanction 
 Operating Account means each of the following (a) each account of the Borrower specified as an Operating Account in the Debenture, (b) each other account as may be identified in writing by the Borrower, the Agent and the Security Agent from time to time as an Operating Account in accordance with the terms of the Debenture, (c) each other account of the Borrower not identified as a Blocked Account in the Debenture or otherwise not designated as a Blocked Account in accordance with the terms of the Debenture, and (d) any renewal or re-designation of any of the foregoing account(s) 
 Operations Commencement Date means the date notified in writing by the Borrower to the Agent as the starting date of the commercial operation of the Project facilities for their respective intended uses after Development Completion (which shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be the date when both the Casino and the Hotels are operating in accordance with the Final Casino License) 
 Original Financial Statements means 
 (a) in relation to the Borrower, its consolidated audited financial statements as at 30 September 2020 and 
 (b) in relation to the Senior Borrower 
 (i) its audited financial statements as at 31 December 2016, 31 December 2017, 31 December 2018, 30 September 2019 and 30 September 2020 and 

(ii) its unaudited financial statements as at 31 August 2020 
 Original Jurisdiction means, in relation to the Shareholder or the Borrower, the jurisdiction under whose laws the Shareholder or the Borrower (as applicable) is incorporated or otherwise established as at the Facility Agreement Date 
 Party means a party to this Agreement 
 Payment has the meaning given to that term in paragraph (a) of Clause 17.29 Anti-Corruption Laws 
 Perfection Requirements means 
 (a) the delivery to the Security Agent of all deliverables required pursuant to any Security Document in order to perfect the Security granted thereunder 
 (b) the registration of such Security Document in each jurisdiction where such registration is required to perfect the Security granted by such Security Document within the time periods required in such jurisdiction 
 (c) in respect of the Senior Borrower, the delivery to the Senior Secured Parties of all deliverables and performance of all steps required pursuant to the Senior Finance Documents in order to perfect the Security granted thereunder and 
 (d) any other requirements pursuant to any Security Document in order to perfect the Security granted thereunder 
 Permitted Acquisition means 
 (a) an acquisition by the Shareholder of Equity Securities in the Borrower 
 (b) an acquisition by the Borrower of Equity Securities in the Senior Borrower or funded by Subordinated Debt or equity capital contributions made by the Shareholder to the Borrower 
 (c) any equity capital contribution of the Shareholder to the Borrower 
 (d) any equity capital contribution of the Borrower to the Senior Borrower funded by Subordinated Debt or equity contributions made by the Shareholder to the Borrower 
 (e) any acquisition of Cash Equivalent Investments, provided that (in the case of the Borrower), such Cash Equivalent Investments become subject to Transaction Security under the Debenture or 
 (f) any acquisition with the prior written consent by the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) 
 Permitted Borrower Shareholder Activities means 
 (a) with respect to the Borrower 
 (i) ownership of shares in the Senior Borrower 
 (ii) ownership of cash and Cash Equivalent Investments provided that they are subject to applicable Transaction Security 

(iii) the entry into, and carrying out of, the transactions contemplated by or permitted under, the Transactions Documents to which it is a party in accordance with the terms thereof 
 (iv) the provision of administrative services (excluding Treasury Transactions) to members of the Group of a type customarily provided by a Holding Company to its Subsidiaries 
 (v) the opening and maintenance of bank accounts in accordance with Clause 16.1 Bank Accounts and provided that such accounts are subject to Transaction Security 
 (vi) incurring liabilities arising by operation of law 
 (vii) the performance of obligations under and compliance with its Constitutional Documents in the Approved Form, or any applicable law, ordinance, regulation, rule, order, judgement, decree or permit applicable to it, including, without limitation, as a result of or in connection with the activities of the Borrower 
 (viii) any activities reasonably necessary to maintain tax status, incurring liabilities for, or in connection with, taxes and making claims (and the receipt of any related proceeds) for rebates or indemnification with respect to taxes 
 (ix) any liabilities incurred under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party in accordance with the term thereof, and customary professional fees and administrative costs and expenses in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower as a holding company 
 (x) any Permitted Acquisition, Permitted Disposal, Permitted Payment, Permitted Financial Indebtedness, Permitted Security, Permitted Loans, Permitted Guarantees or Permitted Transaction 
 (xi) the Phase 1B Spin-off and 
 (xii) those activities which are reasonably incidental to the matters set out in paragraphs (i) to (xi) above 
 (b) with respect to the Shareholder 
 (i) ownership of shares in the Borrower 
 (ii) ownership of cash and Cash Equivalent Investments 
 (iii) the entry into, and carrying out of, the transactions contemplated by or permitted under, the Transactions Documents to which it is a party in accordance with the terms thereof 
 (iv) the provision of administrative services (excluding Treasury Transactions) to members of the Group of a type customarily provided by a Holding Company to its Subsidiaries 
 (v) the opening and maintenance of bank accounts 
 (vi) incurring liabilities arising by operation of law 

(vii) the performance of obligations under and compliance with its Constitutional Documents in the Approved Form, or any applicable law, ordinance, regulation, rule, order, judgement, decree or permit applicable to it, including, without limitation, as a result of or in connection with the activities of the Shareholder 
 (viii) any activities reasonably necessary to maintain tax status, incurring liabilities for, or in connection with, taxes and making claims (and the receipt of any related proceeds) for rebates or indemnification with respect to taxes 
 (ix) any liabilities incurred under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party in accordance with the term thereof, and customary professional fees and administrative costs and expenses in the ordinary course of business of the Shareholder as a holding company 
 (x) any Permitted Acquisition, Permitted Disposal, Permitted Payment, Permitted Financial Indebtedness, Permitted Security, Permitted Loans, Permitted Guarantees or Permitted Transaction applicable to the Shareholder 
 (xi) the Phase 1B Spin-off and 
 (xii) those activities which are reasonably incidental to the matters set out in paragraphs (i) to (xi) above 
 Permitted Disposal means any sale, lease, licence, transfer or other disposal 
 (a) constituting a Change of Control, an IPO or a Trade Sale, subject to compliance with Clause 7.2 Change of Control ), Clause 7.3 Trade Sale Prepayment and Clause 7.4 IPO Prepayment respectively 
 (b) of Cash Equivalent Investments for cash or other Cash Equivalent Investments 
 (c) of cash not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement 
 (d) in respect of the Borrower and the Senior Borrower, made in the ordinary course of trading of any asset subject only to the floating charge created under the Debenture 
 (e) of any asset of the Shareholder which is not subject to (or purported to be subject to) any Transaction Security 
 (f) of any asset of the Senior Borrower by the Senior Borrower 
 (i) to another member of the Group (other than the Borrower) 
 (ii) in exchange for other assets comparable or superior as to type, value and quality 
 (iii) that is surplus, obsolete, worn out or redundant 
 (iv) in respect of any Permitted Letting 
 (v) that is permitted under the terms of the Senior Facilities Agreement in the Approved Form 

(g) of assets with the prior written consent of the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) 
 (h) in connection with the Phase 1B Spin-off or 
 (i) arising as a result of any Permitted Security, Permitted Loan or Permitted Transaction 
 Permitted Financial Indebtedness means 
 (a) with respect to the Borrower 
 (i) Financial Indebtedness arising under any of the Finance Documents 
 (ii) Financial Indebtedness constituting Subordinated Debt from the Shareholder to the Borrower 
 (b) with respect to the Shareholder 
 (i) Financial Indebtedness arising under any of the Finance Documents 
 (ii) Financial Indebtedness constituting Subordinated Debt provided by the Sponsor or any subsidiary of the Sponsor (other than any member of the Group) to the Shareholder and 
 (c) with respect to the Senior Borrower 
 (i) Financial Indebtedness arising under the Senior Facilities Agreement up to an aggregate principal amount not to exceed KRW 1,040,000,000,000 
 (ii) Financial Indebtedness arising under the Hanwha Convertible Bonds up to an aggregate principal amount not to exceed KRW 100,000,000,000 
 (iii) any deposit received from a proposed lessee, tenant or licensee of the Property under any Agreement for Lease or any Occupational Lease 
 (iv) Financial Indebtedness arising under any Working Capital Facility on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders), up to an aggregate principal amount not to exceed KRW 30,000,000,000 
 (v) Financial Indebtedness arising under the FF&E Lease Financing following the Operations Commencement Date on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders), up to an aggregate principal amount not to exceed KRW 40,000,000,000 
 (vi) Financial Indebtedness in respect of the Cash Deficiency Support Agreement (as defined under the Senior Facilities Agreement) in the Approved Form 
 (vii) Financial Indebtedness owed by the Senior Borrower to the Borrower constituting a Permitted Loan under clause (c) of the definition thereof 
 (viii) Financial Indebtedness that constitutes a Permitted Refinancing 

(ix) Financial Indebtedness arising as a result of the enforcement of the Phase 1B Co-Guarantee Agreement, which constitutes Subordinated Debt and 
 (d) any other Financial Indebtedness approved by the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) 
 Permitted Guarantee means 
 (a) any guarantee or indemnity granted by the Borrower in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements to facilitate the operation of bank accounts of the Borrower 
 (b) any guarantee or indemnity granted by the Shareholder in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements to facilitate the operation of bank accounts of the Shareholder 
 (c) any guarantee or indemnity granted by any member of the Group (other than the Borrower) in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements to facilitate the operation of bank accounts of that member of the Group 
 (d) any guarantee or counter-indemnity by the Senior Borrower and or its Subsidiaries in respect of Permitted Financial Indebtedness permitted to be incurred by the Senior Borrower and or its Subsidiaries 
 (e) any guarantee by a member of the Group (other than the Borrower) to extent permitted under the terms of the Senior Facilities Agreement in the Approved Form and 
 (f) any guarantees given with the prior written consent of the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) 
 Permitted Letting means any Agreement for Lease or any Occupational Lease of all or any part of the Property which 
 (a) is on arm s length basis and or at prevailing market rates and on usual market terms, in respect of gross floor area not more than 1,000 (one thousand) square metres of the Property or 
 (b) is otherwise consented to by the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld)) 
 Permitted Loan means 
 (a) any trade credit extended and any advance payment made by any member of the Group (other than the Borrower) in the ordinary course of its business in connection with the Development or the operation of the Property 
 (b) any loan from the Shareholder to the Borrower constituting Subordinated Debt 
 (c) any loan from the Borrower to the Senior Borrower that is funded by equity contributions or Subordinated Debt made by the Shareholder to the Borrower and subject to Springing Security, provided that such loan shall (a) to the extent required under the terms of the Senior Facilities Agreement or any Permitted Refinancing thereof at the time of advancing of such loan, be secured in favour of the secured parties thereunder and be subject to Springing Security or (b) to the extent not required to be secured in favour of the secured 

parties under the Senior Facilities Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof or the lenders under any Permitted Refinancing in accordance with the terms thereof at the time of incurrence of such Financial Indebtedness, be secured on a first-ranking basis in favour of the Security Agent pursuant to the Senior Borrower Assignment Deed to the extent not prohibited under the terms of the Senior Finance Documents or any Permitted Refinancing thereof or 
 (d) any loan in respect of which the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) has given its prior written consent 
 Permitted Other Shareholdings means 
 (a) with respect to the Senior Borrower, any Equity Securities issued to HE&C under the Hanwha Convertible Bonds (or any Permitted Refinancing thereof) representing in the aggregate up to no more than five per cent. of all the shares of the Senior Borrower and 
 (b) with respect to the Borrower, the Senior Borrower or the Shareholder, any warrants held pursuant to or any Equity Securities issued pursuant to the Warrant Agreement 
 Permitted Payment means 
 (a) any payment from the Senior Borrower to the Borrower (including, but not limited to, by way of a dividend or other distribution or as a fee) 
 (b) following the Operations Commencement Date, any payment by the Borrower or the Senior Borrower under any Mohegan Management Agreement and the Development Services Agreements, in each case in the Approved Form, provided that, in each case, (i) no Default is continuing or would result from such payment and (b) the Borrower would be in compliance with Clauses 19.1 DSCR ), 19.2 Net Leverage and 20.30 Minimum Cash Balance on a pro forma basis for such payment, in each case with respect to the most recently ended Calculation Period in respect of which financial statements have been delivered under paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of Clause 18.1 Financial Statements )) and 
 (c) any payment from the Shareholder to its shareholders 
 Permitted Refinancing means any refinancing, replacement, extension, refunding, renewal or similar amendment (the Refinancing in respect of the Senior Facilities Agreement and or the Hanwha Convertible Bonds provided that (a) the principal amount thereof does not exceed the amount so Refinanced (except by an amount equal to the fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith), (b) the total aggregate amount of interest, fees and original issue discount (if any) applicable thereto is the best reasonably achievable amount in the market at that time (taking into account the terms of such Permitted Refinancing required under paragraphs (a) and (c) through (h) of this definition), (c) the credit support provided by the Borrower and its direct or indirect shareholders in respect thereof (including any security, guarantees or other credit support) shall not be greater than the credit support provided in respect of the indebtedness so Refinanced, (d) the covenants relating to distributions and restricted payments shall not be less favourable to the Lenders than those applicable to the indebtedness so Refinanced without the Lenders consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) (e) the final maturity thereof shall not be earlier than the date falling 1 year after the Final Maturity Date, (f) the creditors providing such indebtedness (including any agents or trustees acting on behalf thereof) shall become party to the Intercreditor Side Letter or another letter on terms substantially consistent 

with the Intercreditor Side Letter or other terms reasonably agreed by the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Lenders) and the Borrower, (g) in respect of any Refinancing of the Hanwha Convertible Bonds, the percentage of shares in the Senior Borrower that may be subject to any conversion thereunder shall not exceed five per cent. and (h) the Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to grant first ranking security over the shares it holds in the Senior Borrower in favour of the Security Agent, provided that if the lenders providing such Refinancing indebtedness require a first-ranking security over the shares in the Senior Borrower, the Borrower shall grant to the Security Agent second-ranking share security in respect of the shares in the Senior Borrower, subject to intercreditor terms reasonably acceptable to the Lenders, the Borrower and the lenders of such Permitted Refinancing 
 Permitted Replacement means an amendment, modification, renewal, replacement, consolidation, supplement or waiver of the Hotel Management Agreement if such agreement is replaced by another hotel management agreement on terms that are not materially adverse to the interests of the members of the Group and or the Finance Parties 
 Permitted Security means 
 (a) any Transaction Security 
 (b) in respect of the Borrower and the Senior Borrower, any Security securing the Senior Facilities Agreement in the Approved Form in favour of the Facility Agent (as defined in the Senior Facilities Agreement) 
 (c) any Security arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading provided that the debt which is secured thereby is paid when due or contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and properly provisioned 
 (d) any Security arising pursuant to court proceedings and assessments by authorities being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings 
 (e) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by (i) the Shareholder or (ii) any member of the Group, in each case with its account bank in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting its own debit and credit balances 
 (f) with respect to the Senior Borrower 
 (i) any lien arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading and not as a result of any default or omission by any member of the Group 
 (ii) any Security or Quasi-Security created to secure the obligations under the Hanwha Convertible Bonds in the Approved Form 
 (iii) any Security or Quasi-Security created to secure the return of the lease deposit or chonsei security deposit of lessees or chonsei right holders of real estate owned by the Senior Borrower and 
 (iv) any Security or Quasi-Security created to secure the FF&E Lease Financing 
 (g) any Security or Quasi-Security granted by the Shareholder or any member of the Group, with the prior written consent the Agent and Security Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) and 

(h) in respect of the Borrower and the Senior Borrower, any Security or Quasi-Security securing any Permitted Financial Indebtedness that constitutes a Permitted Refinancing 
 Permitted Transaction means any disposal required, Financial Indebtedness incurred, any loan arising, guarantee, indemnity or Security or Quasi-Security given, or other transaction contemplated under and made in accordance with the terms of the relevant Transaction Documents 
 Phase 1B means the future development adjacent to the Project Site referred to as Theme Park or 1B in the Project Plan to be developed in the location shown in the project layout included in page 20 of the Project Plan. 
 Phase 1B Cash has the meaning given to that term in Clause 20.30 Minimum Cash Balance 
 Phase 1B Co-Guarantee Agreement means the guarantee agreement entered into by the Sponsor or a Sponsor Affiliate (other than any member of the Group) relating to its guarantee of the obligations of the Senior Borrower relating to the development of Phase 1B. 
 Phase 1B Project Performance Guarantee Agreement shall have the meaning given to it in the Senior Facilities Agreement 
 Phase 1B Spin-off means the sale, transfer, spin-off, contribution or other disposal (for as low as no consideration) in one or more steps of assets relating to the development, construction or operation of Phase 1B and not necessary for the development, construction or operation of the Project (including but not limited to all registered and unregistered design rights, copyrights, rights in confidential information, trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, logos, know-how, and any associated or similar intellectual property rights, in each case created, conceived, owned, leased, licensed to or developed by or for the Senior Borrower solely with respect to the Phase 1B) and related liabilities by any member of the Group to an entity that is not the Shareholder or a member of the Group, provided such transactions do not have a material adverse effect on the tax arrangements of the Group or are not otherwise materially adverse to the interest of the Secured Parties (other than for the avoidance of doubt by virtue of the loss of the value of the assets the subject of the Phase 1B Spin-off). 
 PIK Interest has the meaning given to that term in Clause 8.1 Rate of interest 
 PIK Rate means 17 per cent per annum 
 Prepayment Fee means the prepayment fee payable in accordance with Clause 10.3 Prepayment Fee 
 Prerequisites of Notification of Eligibility has the meaning given to it under the Senior Facilities Agreement 
 Proceeding means any Claim, suit, action, arbitration, investigation or legal, administrative or other proceeding of any nature, domestic or foreign, civil or criminal, commenced, brought, conducted or heard by or before, or that otherwise involves or may involve any Governmental Agency, arbitrator, mediator, or arbitral or mediation panel pending against a person 
 Project has the meaning given to it in the recitals to this Agreement and, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes Phase 1B and any theme park or themed attractions other than, for the avoidance of doubt, the Family Park 

Project Monitor means the chartered surveyor, architect or equivalent qualification or project monitor or project manager appointed by or on behalf of the Senior Borrower in consultation with the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) in respect of the Development 
 Project Plan means the plan for the Project submitted by the Senior Borrower to the MCST on 23 October 2020, delivered to the Agent pursuant to Clause 4.1 Initial Conditions Precedent to the Utilisation 
 Property means the Project Site, the Buildings and the Family Park 
 Quarter Date has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Quasi-Security means Quasi-Security as defined in Clause 20.4 Negative Pledge 
 Rating Agencies means one or more of Standard & Poor s Ratings Services, Moody s Investors Service Limited, and Fitch Ratings Ltd or of their successors, or another recognised statistical securities rating organisation that may be designated by the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) and Rating Agency means any of them 
 Receiver means a receiver or receiver and manager or administrative receiver of the whole or any part of the Security Assets 
 Related Fund in relation to a fund (the first fund ), means a fund which is managed or advised by the same investment manager or investment adviser as the first fund or, if it is managed by a different investment manager or investment adviser, a fund whose investment manager or investment adviser is an Affiliate of the investment manager or investment adviser of the first fund. 
 Relevant Jurisdiction means, in relation to the Shareholder or any member of the Group (as applicable) 
 (a) its Original Jurisdiction 
 (b) any jurisdiction where any asset subject to or intended to be subject to the Transaction Security to be created by it is situated 
 (c) any jurisdiction where it conducts its business and 
 (d) the jurisdiction whose laws govern the perfection of any of the Security Documents entered into by it 
 Relevant Proceeds has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Repeating Representations means each of the representations set out in Clause 17 Representations other than those set out in Clause 17.8 Deduction of Tax ), 17.9 No Registration Requirements, Filing or Stamp Taxes )), 17.10 Tax ), paragraphs (a), (b) and (d) of Clause 17.13 Financial Statements) , Clause 17.15 No Proceedings Pending or Threatened ), Clause 17.24 (Ownership), Clause 17.27 Insolvency and paragraph (a) of Clause 17.32 Gambling and Regulatory Matters 
 Representative means any delegate, agent, manager, administrator, nominee, attorney, trustee or custodian 

Required Completion Date means the date falling 21 Months after the Utilisation Date (the Original Required Completion Date ), or such later date as extended in accordance with Clause 22.1 Completion and Operation ). 
 Required Operations Date means the date falling 31 Months after the Utilisation Date or any later date requested by the Borrower and agreed to by the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Lenders) 
 Rules has the meaning given to that term in Clause 42 Dispute Resolution 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any country-wide Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, the Crimea region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria) 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time 
 (a) any person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or the Republic of Korea or any other applicable sanctions authority with authority to bind the members of the Group 
 (b) any person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or 
 (c) any person owned or controlled by any such person or persons described in the foregoing paragraph (a) or (b) above 
 Secured Obligations means all money, obligations and liabilities due, owing or incurred by the Borrower and the Shareholder to the Secured Parties under each Finance Document at present or in the future, (whether actual or contingent, whether incurred jointly or severally and whether as principal or surety or in any other capacity whatsoever) except for any money, obligation or liability which, if it were so included, would result in this Agreement contravening section 678 or 679 of the Companies Act 2006 
 Secured Party means a Finance Party, a Receiver or any Delegate 
 Security means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect, including, without limitation, any Lien 
 Security Asset means all of the assets of the Shareholder or the Borrower which from time to time are, or are expressed to be, the subject of the Transaction Security 
 Security Document means any of the following documents 
 (a) the Debenture 
 (b) the Borrower Share Charge 
 (c) the Subordination and Assignment Deed 
 (d) the Springing Security 

(e) any other document evidencing or creating Security over any asset to secure any obligation of the Sponsor, the Borrower or the Shareholder to a Secured Party under the Finance Documents or 
 (f) any other document designated as such by the Agent, Security Agent and the Borrower 
 Security Property means 
 (a) the Transaction Security expressed to be granted in favour of the Security Agent as trustee for the Secured Parties and all proceeds of that Transaction Security 
 (b) all obligations expressed to be undertaken by the Sponsor, the Borrower or the Shareholder to pay amounts in respect of the Secured Obligations to the Security Agent as trustee for the Secured Parties and secured by the Transaction Security together with all representations and warranties expressed to be given by the Borrower or any other person in favour of the Security Agent as trustee for the Secured Parties and 
 (c) any other amounts or property, whether rights, entitlements, choses in action or otherwise, actual or contingent, which the Security Agent is required by the terms of the Finance Documents to hold as trustee on trust for the Secured Parties. 
 Senior Borrower means Inspire Integrated Resort Co., Ltd., a Chusik Hoesa (joint stock corporation), with Registration Number 120111-0762874 and registered office at D-1603, 30 Songdo Miraero, Yeonsu-gu, Incheon, Korea. 
 Senior Borrower Assignment Deed means a deed of assignment by way of security of any shareholder loan granted to the Senior Borrower by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, to be entered into between the Senior Borrower, the Senior Borrower s creditor under such shareholder loan and the Security Agent. 
 Senior Borrower Share Pledge means the first or, as the case may be, second ranking share pledge over all the shares of the Senior Borrower to be entered into between the Borrower as pledgor and the Security Agent as pledgee 
 Senior Facilities means the facilities made available under the Senior Facilities Agreement 
 Senior Facilities Agreement means the facilities agreement dated on 24 September 2021 entered into between, among others, the Senior Borrower as borrower, the financial institutions listed therein as original lenders and Kookmin Bank Co., Ltd as facility agent providing for loans up to the aggregate principal amount of KRW1,040,000,000,000 
 Senior Facilities Discharge Date means the date upon which the obligations under the Senior Facilities are repaid in full 
 Senior Finance Documents means the Financing Documents as defined under the Senior Facilities Agreement 
 Senior Secured Parties means the secured parties under each of the Collateral Documents 
 Single Purpose Entity means a person that, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Finance Documents 

(a) is not engaged and will not engage in any business or activity (including trading, ownership of assets or incurrence of liabilities) other than any Permitted Borrower Shareholder Activities 
 (b) does not and will not commingle its assets with those of any other person and 
 (c) has books, records, accounts, and financial statements, as applicable, which are separate and apart from those of any other person. 
 Specifications means the drawings, plans and specifications for the Development which have been supplied to, and approved by, the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Lenders) and the Project Monitor under Clause 4.1 Initial Conditions Precedent to the Utilisation ), as may be amended in accordance with this Agreement 
 Sponsor means Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority d b a Mohegan Gaming & Entertainment, a governmental instrumentality of the Tribe 
 Sponsor Indemnity means the indemnity agreement dated on or about the Facility Agreement Date between, among others, the Sponsor, the Tribe and the Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) 
 Sponsor Affiliate means in relation to a Sponsor, each of its Affiliates (which shall include any representatives, political subunits or councils, agencies or instrumentalities thereof and the Tribe), any trust of which that Sponsor or any of its Affiliates is a trustee, any partnership of which that Sponsor or any of its Affiliates is a partner and any trust, fund, partnership or other entity which is represented by, managed by, advised by, owned by, or is under the control of, that Sponsor or any of its Affiliates 
 Springing Security means, when delivered, the Senior Borrower Share Pledge and the Senior Borrower Assignment Deed (if any), in each case, entered into on or about the Senior Facilities Discharge Date 
 Subordinated Creditor means the Shareholder, the Sponsor and any subsidiary of the Sponsor (other than any member of the Group) that is a party from time to time to the Subordination and Assignment Deed or such other subordination and assignment agreement on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders), including customary European intercreditor arrangements with regards to distressed disposals and release of subordinated indebtedness on the enforcement of share security (it being understood that the subordination provisions substantially consistent with those included in the Sponsor Indemnity shall be considered satisfactory) 
 Subordinated Debt means all and any debt or other payment obligations owed by (a) the Borrower to the Shareholder, and (b) the Senior Borrower to the Sponsor or any Sponsor Affiliate (other than any member of the Group), provided in each case, that such debt or obligations are (i) governed by English law and (ii) subordinated to the Secured Obligations and subject to Security in favour of the Security Agent pursuant to the Subordination and Assignment Deed or such other subordination arrangement and or Security in favour of the Security Agent (in a form acceptable to the Security Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders)) 
 Subordination and Assignment Deed means to the extent (a) the Shareholder makes any loan or other financial accommodation to the Borrower, or (b) any Sponsor Affiliate (other than a member of the Group) becomes a creditor (by providing any loan or other financial accommodation, by subrogation or otherwise) of the Shareholder or any member of the Group, a subordination and assignment deed entered into between the Subordinated Creditor or such Sponsor Affiliate as 

subordinated creditor, the relevant member of the Group as subordinated debtor and the Security Agent as security agent 
 Subsidiary means an entity of which a person has direct or indirect control or owns directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent of the voting capital or similar right of ownership and control for this purpose means the power to appoint or remove all or the majority of, the board of directors or other equivalent officers of the entity or otherwise direct the management and the policies of the entity whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise 
 Tax means any tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) 
 Tax Deduction has the meaning given to that term in Clause 11 Tax Gross Up and Indemnities 
 Tax Structure Memorandum means the tax structure memorandum titled UK and Jersey corporation tax implications in respect of proposed Loan, Warrants and Options prepared by Deloitte and delivered to the Agent pursuant to Clause 4.1 Initial Conditions Precedent to the Utilisation ). 
 Test Date has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 Third Party Buyer means, with respect to any person, a person who is not an Affiliate of such person 
 Total Commitments means the aggregate of the Commitments being USD 275,000,000 at the date of this Agreement. 
 Trade Sale has the meaning given to that term in Clause 7.3 Trade Sale Prepayment 
 Transaction Documents means 
 (a) the Finance Documents 
 (b) the Warrant Agreement 
 (c) the Valuation Side Letter and 
 (d) any other document designated as such by the Agent and the Borrower 
 Transaction Security means the Security created or evidenced or expressed to be created or evidenced under the Security Documents 
 Transfer Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form set out in Schedule 7 Form of Transfer Certificate or any other form agreed between the Agent and the Borrower 
 Treasury Transaction means any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protections against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price 
 Tribe means The Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut, a federally recognized U.S. Indian tribe 

Turnover Side Letter means that certain side letter entered into on or around the Facility Agreement Date between, among others, the Agent, the Mohegan Manager and the Senior Borrower. 
 Unpaid Sum means any sum due and payable but unpaid by the Sponsor, the Borrower and or the Shareholder under the Finance Documents 
 US means the United States of America 
 US Tax Obligor means 
 (a) the Borrower, if it is resident for tax purposes in the US or 
 (b) the Shareholder, to the extent its payments under the Finance Documents are from sources within the US for US federal income tax purposes 
 Utilisation means the utilisation of the Facility 
 Utilisation Date means the date of the Utilisation 
 Utilisation Request means the notice substantially in the form set out in Schedule 4 Form of Utilisation Request 
 Valuation Side Letter means that certain letter regarding the valuation of the Warrants (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) entered into on or around the date hereof, between, among others, the Original Lenders, the Borrower and the Shareholder 
 VAT means 
 (a) any value added tax imposed by the Value Added Tax Act 1994 and 
 (b) any tax imposed in compliance with the Council Directive of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax (EC Directive 2006 112) 
 (c) any other tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in the United Kingdom or in a member state of the European Union in substitution for, or levied in addition to, such tax referred to in paragraphs (a) or (b) above, or imposed elsewhere (including, without limitation, goods and services tax as provided for under the Goods and Services Tax (Jersey) Law 2007) 
 Warrant Agreement means the warrant agreement dated on or about the Facility Agreement Date between, among others, the Shareholder as the company, the Borrower, the Senior Borrower and an Affiliate of Bain SPV as the original warrantholder 
 Working Capital has the meaning given to that term in Clause 19.3 Financial Definitions and 
 Working Capital Facility shall have the meaning given to that term in the Senior Facilities Agreement. 
 1.2 Construction 
 (a) Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in this Agreement to 
 (i) The Agent , the Security Agent , the Lender , any Finance Party , any Secured Party , any Senior Secured Party , any Party or any 

other person shall be construed so as to include its successors in title, permitted assigns, permitted assignees and permitted transferees to, or of, its rights and or obligations under the Finance Documents 
 (ii) an amendment includes a supplement, novation, extension (whether of maturity or otherwise), restatement, re-enactment, replacement (however fundamental and whether or not more onerous) and amended will be construed accordingly 
 (iii) assets includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description 
 (iv) disposal includes a conveyance, sale, transfer, assignment, grant, lease, licence, declaration of trust or other disposal, whether voluntary or involuntary, and dispose will be construed accordingly 
 (v) without prejudice to any prohibition on amendments in this Agreement, a Finance Document or Transaction Document or any other agreement or instrument is a reference to that Finance Document or Transaction Document or other agreement or instrument as amended, novated, supplemented, extended, replaced or restated in accordance with the terms hereof, including any change in the purpose of, any extension of or any increase in the amount of, a facility or any additional facility 
 (vi) guarantee means any guarantee, letter of credit, bond, indemnity or similar assurance against loss, or any obligation, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, to purchase or assume any indebtedness of any person or to make an investment in or loan to any person or to purchase assets of any person where, in each case, such obligation is assumed in order to maintain or assist the ability of such person to meet its indebtedness 
 (vii) including means including without limitation and includes and included shall be construed accordingly 
 (viii) indebtedness includes any obligation (whether incurred as principal or as surety) for the payment or repayment of money, whether present or future, actual or contingent 
 (ix) a person includes any individual, firm, company, corporation, unincorporated association or body (including partnership, trust, fund, joint venture or consortium), government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium, partnership or other entity (whether or not having separate legal personality) 
 (x) a regulation includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or of any regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation 
 (xi) rent and rental payable under any lease document includes rent, licence fee and other fee for any rights of use or occupation thereunder 
 (xii) set off includes rights of retention, claims of compensation and rights to balance accounts on insolvency 

(xiii) a tenant of the Property or any part thereof includes the lessee, tenant, licensee or any other person who is granted a sub-lease, lease, tenancy, licence or any other right of use or occupation or right to receive rent or other income in respect of the Property or that part thereof 
 (xiv) one gender shall include reference to the other genders 
 (xv) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted and includes any subordinate legislation and 
 (xvi) a time of day is a reference to Seoul time. 
 (b) Section, clause and schedule headings are for ease of reference only. 
 (c) A Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived in writing. 
 (d) An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been waived or remedied. 
 (e) Where a provision of a Finance Document provides for the requirement of any consent, approval or permission of a Finance Party, such provision shall be construed as a requirement for such consent, approval or permission in writing. 
 (f) To the extent there is a reference herein to an obligation of the Shareholder or a member of the Group, the Borrower shall procure the compliance with such obligation by that entity. 
 (g) Unless a contrary indication appears, where this Agreement specifies an amount in a given currency (the specified currency or its equivalent , the equivalent is a reference to the amount of any other currency which, when converted into the specified currency utilising the spot rate of exchange then available to the Agent (or, if the Agent does not have an available spot rate of exchange, any publicly available spot rate of exchange selected by the Agent (acting reasonably)) for the purchase of the specified currency with that other currency at or about 11 a.m. on the relevant date, is equal to the relevant amount in the specified currency. 
 (h) Any defined terms used in this Agreement that have been incorporated by reference to such terms as defined under the Senior Facilities Agreement shall be governed by English law but be interpreted in accordance with Korean law and in the event there is an inconsistency between the Korean language version and the English language translation, then the Korean language version shall prevail. 
 (i) The lease granted under the Implementation Agreement shall for all purposes under this Agreement be treated as an operating lease irrespective of its treatment under applicable GAAP. 
 (j) Any reference to principal and principal amount of the Loan shall include any PIK Interest capitalised in accordance with this Agreement. 
 1.3 Currency symbols and definitions 
 KRW denotes the lawful currency of the Republic of Korea. 
 USD , US dollars , or US denote the lawful currency of the US. 

1.4 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 
 (a) Unless expressly provided to the contrary in a Finance Document, a person who is not a party to that Finance Document has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (the Third Parties Act to enforce or enjoy the benefit of any term of that Finance Document. 
 (b) Notwithstanding any term of any Finance Document, the consent of any person who is not a party to that Finance Document is not required to rescind or vary that Finance Document at any time. 
 (c) Any Receiver, any Delegate or any officer, employee or agent of the Finance Parties and or the BCC LP may, subject to this Clause 1.4 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act and the Third Parties Act, rely on any Clause of this Agreement which expressly confers rights on it. 
 1.5 Jersey Terms 
 In each Finance Document, where it relates to a person (i) incorporated (ii) established (iii) constituted or (iv) formed, in each case, in Jersey, a reference to 
 (a) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, winding up, liquidation, administration, dissolution, or insolvency includes, without limitation, bankruptcy (as that term is interpreted pursuant to Article 8 of the Interpretation (Jersey) Law 1954), a compromise or arrangement of the type referred to in Article 125 of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, any procedure or process referred to in Part 21 of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, and any other similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally under Jersey law 
 (b) a liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator or the like includes, without limitation, the Viscount of the Royal Court of Jersey, Authoris s or any other person performing the same function of each of the foregoing 
 (c) security or a security interest includes, without limitation, any hypoth que whether conventional, judicial or arising by operation of law and any security interest created pursuant to the Security Interests (Jersey) Law 1983 or Security Interests (Jersey) Law 2012 and any related legislation and 
 (d) any analogous proceedings or step being taken in connection with insolvency includes any corporate action, legal proceedings or other formal procedure or formal step being taken in relation to an application for a declaration of en d sastre being made in respect of any such entity or any of its assets (or the making of such declaration). 
 2. THE FACILITY 
 Subject to the terms of this Agreement 
 (a) the Lenders make available to the Borrower a US dollar term loan facility in an aggregate amount equal to the Total Commitments and 
 (b) the Borrower shall borrow the Loan in the amount of the Total Commitments on the Utilisation Date. 

3. PURPOSE 
 3.1 Purpose 
 The Borrower shall apply all amounts borrowed under the Facility towards 
 (a) making a capital contribution of up to USD 275,000,000 to the Senior Borrower for the purpose of partially funding the Development and for working capital of the Senior Borrower 
 (b) payment of any fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Borrower in connection with the Facility or otherwise contemplated by the Finance Documents and 
 (c) such other purpose permitted by law as may be agreed to by the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders). 
 3.2 Monitoring 
 No Finance Party is bound to monitor or verify the application of any amount borrowed pursuant to this Agreement. 
 4. CONDITIONS OF UTILISATION 
 4.1 Initial Conditions Precedent to the Utilisation 
 (a) The Lenders will only be obliged to comply with Clause 5.4 Funding with respect to the Facility if on or prior to the Utilisation Date the Agent has received all of the documents and other evidence listed in Part 1 of Schedule 3 Initial Conditions Precedent (Prior to Delivery of Utilisation Request) in form and substance satisfactory to it (acting reasonably). 
 (b) The Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders promptly upon being so satisfied. 
 4.2 Further Conditions Precedent 
 The Lenders will only be obliged to comply with Clause 5.4 Funding if on the date of the Utilisation Request and the proposed Utilisation Date 
 (a) the Agent has received the duly completed Utilisation Request 
 (b) no Default is continuing or would result from the proposed Loan 
 (c) the Repeating Representations are true in all material respects and 
 (d) no Change of Control has occurred. 
 4.3 Maximum Number of Loan 
 Not more than one Loan shall be outstanding at any time. 

5. UTILISATION 
 5.1 Delivery of Utilisation Request 
 The Borrower shall deliver to the Agent a duly completed Utilisation Request not later than 12 p.m. (Seoul time) on the date falling 2 Business Days prior to the Utilisation Date for utilising the Facility. 
 5.2 Completion of Utilisation Request 
 (a) The Utilisation Request is irrevocable and will not be regarded as having been duly completed unless 
 (i) it specifies the purpose of the Loan to be drawn 
 (ii) it specifies the proposed Utilisation Date is a Business Day within the Availability Period and 
 (iii) the currency and amount of the Utilisation (which must comply with Clause 5.3 Currency and Amount )). 
 (b) Only one Loan may be requested in the Utilisation Request. 
 5.3 Currency and Amount 
 (a) The currency specified in the Utilisation Request must be US dollars. 
 (b) The amount of the proposed Loan must be equal to the Total Commitments. 
 5.4 Funding 
 (a) If the conditions set out in Clauses 4 Conditions of Utilisation and 5.1 Delivery of Utilisation Request to 5.3 Currency and Amount have been met, each Lender shall make its participation in the Loan available on the Utilisation Date. 
 (b) The amount of each Lender s participation in each Loan will be equal to the proportion borne by its Available Commitment to the Available Facility immediately prior to making the Loan. 
 5.5 Cancellation of Commitment 
 The Commitments which, at that time, are unutilised shall be immediately cancelled at 5.00 p.m. on the earlier of the Utilisation Date and the last day of the Availability Period. 
 6. REPAYMENT 
 6.1 Repayment of Loan 
 The Borrower shall repay the Loan in full on the Final Maturity Date. 
 6.2 Reborrowing 
 The Borrower may not reborrow any part of the Facility which is repaid. 

7. PREPAYMENT AND CANCELLATION 
 7.1 Illegality 
 If, in any applicable jurisdiction, it becomes unlawful for any Lender to perform any of its obligations as contemplated by this Agreement or to fund or maintain its participation in any Loan 
 (a) that Lender shall promptly notify the Agent upon becoming aware of that event 
 (b) upon the Agent notifying the Borrower, the Available Commitment of that Lender will be immediately cancelled and 
 (c) the Borrower shall repay that Lender s participation in the Loans made to the Borrower on the last day of the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately after the Agent has notified the Borrower or, if earlier, the date specified by the Lender in the notice delivered to the Agent (being no earlier than the last day of any applicable grace period permitted by law) and that Lender s corresponding Commitment shall be immediately cancelled in the amount of the participation repaid. 
 7.2 Change of Control 
 (a) The Borrower shall promptly (and in any event at least 30 calendar days prior to the completion thereof) notify the Agent of any proposed Change of Control. 
 (b) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control 
 (i) the Facility shall be immediately cancelled and 
 (ii) the Borrower shall immediately prepay the whole Loan. 
 (c) For the purpose of paragraph (a) above, Change of Control means any of the following occurring (i) without the prior written consent of the Lenders or (ii) other than as a result of an IPO (and Change of Control shall include any agreement or arrangement (including any derivative or participation contract) which has the effect of reducing the legal, beneficial, or economic interest of any person referred to below, to below the specified level) 
 (i) the Sponsor ceasing to control the Shareholder 
 (ii) the Shareholder ceasing to be the direct legal and beneficial owner of 100 per cent of the issued shares of, or ceasing to have control of, the Borrower except of the Permitted Other Shareholdings 
 (iii) the Borrower ceasing to be the direct legal and beneficial owner of 100 per cent. of the shares of, or ceasing to have control of, the Senior Borrower except of the Permitted Other Shareholdings and 
 (iv) the Senior Borrower, in one or a series of related transactions, ceasing to own all or substantially all of its assets. 
 (d) For the purposes of paragraph (c) above, a company shall be treated as controlled by a person if that person is able, directly or indirectly, to direct the affairs or policies of that company (whether through ownership of voting securities or otherwise) and or to control the composition of as least half of the 

members of the board of directors or equivalent body of that company and control shall be construed accordingly. 
 7.3 Trade Sale Prepayment 
 (a) The Borrower shall promptly (and in any event at least 30 calendar days prior to the completion thereof) notify the Agent of any proposed Trade Sale. 
 (b) Upon the occurrence of a Trade Sale 
 (i) the Facility shall be immediately cancelled 
 (ii) the Borrower shall immediately prepay the whole Loan. 
 (c) For the purpose of paragraph (a) above 
 Equity Securities means, with respect to any person, any and all shares, membership interests, units, profits interests, ownership interests, equity interests, registered capital or similar securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, such securities of such person, and options, warrants, convertible or exchangeable securities, subscriptions, rights (including any pre-emptive or similar rights), calls or other rights to purchase, acquire or receive any of the foregoing and 
 Trade Sale means, without the prior written consent of the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Lenders), a sale or disposal of any Equity Securities in the Shareholder, the Borrower, the Senior Borrower or any other member of the Group, or all or substantially all assets of any of the foregoing to a Third Party Buyer, other than (i) a sale or assignment of the equity securities from a Permitted Other Shareholdings or (ii) pursuant to an IPO. 
 7.4 IPO Prepayment 
 (a) The Borrower shall promptly (and in any event at least 30 calendar days prior to the completion thereof) notify the Agent of any proposed IPO. 
 (b) Upon the occurrence of a IPO, the Borrower shall 
 (i) immediately prepay the Loan in an amount of principal and interest equal to the IPO Prepayment Proceeds and 
 (ii) if the Loan has not been prepaid in whole pursuant to paragraph (b)(i) above (or otherwise under this Agreement), prepay the remaining amount of the whole Loan within one calendar year from the occurrence of the IPO. 
 (c) For the purpose of this Agreement 
 (i) IPO means an initial public offering involving the listing or the admission to trading of all or any part of the Equity Securities of the Shareholder, the Borrower, the Senior Borrower or any other member of the Group on any recognised investment exchange (as that term is used in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) or in or on any other exchange or market in any jurisdiction or country and 
 (ii) IPO Prepayment Proceeds means the net amount of the cash proceeds received by the Shareholder, the Borrower, the Senior Borrower, the relevant member of the Group or the relevant parent 

company thereof as a result of the IPO, after deduction of any costs, expenses, commissions, fees and taxes incurred in connection with the IPO. 
 7.5 Voluntary Prepayment of Loan 
 The Borrower may, if it gives the Agent not less than 5 Business Days (or such shorter period as the Majority Lenders may agree) prior written notice, prepay the whole or any part of the Loan (but, if in part, being an amount that reduces the amount of the Loan by a minimum amount of USD10,000,000 and in integral multiples of USD100,000). 
 7.6 Restrictions 
 (a) Any notice of prepayment given by any Party under this Clause 7 Prepayment and Cancellation shall be irrevocable and, unless a contrary indication appears in this Agreement, shall specify the date or dates upon which the relevant prepayment is to be made and the amount of that prepayment provided that a notice of voluntary prepayment may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other financing, in which case such other notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Agent on or prior the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied and subject to the Borrower, within 10 (ten) Business Days of demand, reimbursing the Finance Parties for the amount of all duly documented costs and expenses (including legal fees) reasonably incurred by them in connection therewith. 
 (b) Any prepayment under this Agreement or any repayment following the Agent s notice served on the Borrower under Clause 23.20 Acceleration (other than pursuant to Clause 7.1 Illegality )) shall be made together with (i) all interest accrued, unpaid and uncapitalised on the amount prepaid or repaid, as applicable as of the date the prepayment or repayment, as applicable, is made (other than accrued PIK Interest already capitalised in previous Interest Periods), (ii) the Prepayment Fee (if any) and (iii) all other amounts owing under the Finance Documents, without premium or penalty. 
 (c) The Borrower may not reborrow any part of the Facility which is prepaid. 
 (d) No amount of the Commitments cancelled under this Agreement may be subsequently reinstated. 
 7.7 Right of Cancellation and Repayment 
 (a) If 
 (i) any sum payable to any Lender by the Borrower or the Shareholder is required to be increased under paragraph (c) of Clause 11.2 Tax Gross Up or 
 (ii) any Lender claims indemnification from the Borrower or the Shareholder under Clause 11.3 Tax Indemnity or Clause 12.1 Increased Costs ), 
 the Borrower may, whilst the circumstances giving rise to the requirement for that increase or indemnification continues, give the Agent notice of cancellation of the Commitment of that Lender and its intention to procure the repayment of that Lender s participation in the Utilisations. 

(b) On receipt of a notice referred to in paragraph (a) above in relation to a Lender, the Available Commitments of that Lender shall be immediately reduced to zero. 
 (c) On the last day of each Interest Period which ends after the Borrower has given notice under paragraph (a) above in relation to a Lender (or, if earlier, the date specified by the Borrower in that notice), the Borrower, if a Utilisation is outstanding, shall repay that Lender s participation in that Utilisation together with all interest and other amounts accrued under the Finance Documents and that Lender s corresponding Commitment shall be immediately cancelled in the amount of the participations repaid. 
 8. INTEREST 
 8.1 Rate of interest 
 The rate of interest on the Loan is the percentage rate per annum which is the PIK Rate (the PIK Interest ), provided that such rate may be increased as specified in Clause 22.1 Completion and Operation in respect of the period specified in such Clause. 
 8.2 Payment of PIK Interest 
 (a) The PIK Interest on the Loan shall be compounded and capitalised so as to increase (and be treated for all purposes to be part of) the outstanding principal amount of the Loan on each relevant Interest Payment Date and shall be payable on the earliest to occur of 
 (i) the Final Maturity Date 
 (ii) the date on which the whole Loan is prepaid or repaid in full and 
 (iii) any other date as agreed between the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Lenders) and the Borrower. 
 (b) The aggregate amount of the Loan (including all PIK Interest capitalised under paragraph (a) above) shall bear interest in accordance with Clause 8.1 Rate of interest ). 
 8.3 Payment of PIK Interest in cash 
 Notwithstanding Clause 8.2 Payment of PIK Interest ), the Borrower may deliver a written notice to the Agent not less than five Business Days prior to an Interest Payment Date electing to pay in cash the PIK Interest accrued or to be accrued as of that Interest Payment Date, which shall therefore not be capitalised on that day, provided that any such cash payment shall not be funded from the proceeds of the Loan. 
 8.4 Default Interest 
 (a) If the Borrower fails to pay any amount payable by it under a Finance Document on its due date, interest shall accrue on the Unpaid Sum from the due date up to the date of actual payment (both before and after judgment) at a rate which, subject to paragraph (c) below, is 3.00 (three) per cent. per annum higher than the rate which would have been payable if the Unpaid Sum had, during the period of non-payment, constituted the Loan in the currency of the Unpaid Sum for successive Interest Periods, each of a duration selected by the Agent (acting reasonably). 

(b) Any interest accruing under this Clause 8.4 Default Interest shall be immediately payable by the Borrower on demand by the Agent. 
 (c) If any overdue amount consists of all or part of the Loan which became due on a day prior to the Final Maturity Date 
 (i) the first Interest Period for that Unpaid Sum shall have a duration equal to the period to the Final Maturity Date and 
 (ii) the rate of interest applying to the Unpaid Sum during that first Interest Period shall be 3.00 (three) per cent. higher than the rate which would have applied if the Unpaid Sum had not become due. 
 (d) Default interest (if unpaid) arising on an Unpaid Sum will be compounded with the Unpaid Sum on the next Interest Payment Date but will remain immediately due and payable. 
 (e) Any default interest that would otherwise be applicable in respect of any Unpaid Sums due upon an Event of Default resulting from the breach of Clause 22.1 Completion and Operation shall not be applicable in respect of any period in which the increase in PIK Interest applies pursuant to that clause. 
 9. INTEREST PERIODS 
 9.1 Length of Interest Periods 
 (a) Subject to this Clause 9 Interest Periods ), the duration of each Interest Period shall be three Months. 
 (b) Each Interest Period for the Loan shall start on the Utilisation Date or (if already made) on the last day of its preceding Interest Period and end on the next Interest Payment Date. 
 (c) An Interest Period for the Loan shall not extend beyond the Final Maturity Date. 
 9.2 Non-Business Days 
 If an Interest Period would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day, that Interest Period will instead end on the next Business Day in that calendar month (if there is one) or the preceding Business Day (if there is not). 
 10. FEES 
 10.1 Agency Fee 
 The Borrower shall pay to the Agent (for its own account) an agency fee in the amount and at the times agreed in a Fee Letter. 
 10.2 Security Agent Fee 
 The Borrower shall pay to the Security Agent (for its own account) a security agency fee in the amount and at the times agreed in a Fee Letter. 

10.3 Prepayment Fee 
 (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) to (d) below, the Borrower shall pay to the Agent the prepayment fee set out below on the date of any prepayment or repayment by it of all or any part of the Loan pursuant to Clause 7 Prepayment and Cancellation (other than Clause 7.1 Illegality )) or following the Agent s notice served on the Borrower under Clause 23.20 Acceleration ). 
 (b) If the prepayment or repayment occurs during the period from the Utilisation Date to and including the third anniversary of the Utilisation Date (the Make-Whole Period ), the amount of the prepayment fee shall be equal to an amount such that the aggregate of (i) such prepayment fee and (ii) the principal amount so prepaid (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any capitalised PIK Interest), and (iii) all cash interest payments already received by the Lender in respect of the principal amount of the Loan so prepaid on or before the relevant prepayment date, shall be an amount equal to a multiple of 1.65x of the original principal amount of the Loan so prepaid (excluding, for this purpose, any PIK Interest capitalised prior to the date of such prepayment). 
 (c) If the prepayment or repayment occurs after the Make-Whole Period, a prepayment fee in an amount such that the aggregate of (i) such prepayment fee, (ii) the principal amount of the Loan so prepaid (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any capitalised PIK Interest) and (iii) all cash interest payments already received by the Agent in respect of the principal amount of the Loan so prepaid on or before the relevant prepayment date, shall be an amount yielding a 18.00 per cent per annum internal rate of return of the Lenders on the amount so prepaid (excluding any PIK Interest). 
 (d) For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall in no event be required to pay any prepayment fee under both paragraphs (b) and (c) above with respect to the same prepayment by the Borrower. 
 10.4 Exclusivity Period 
 The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that 
 (a) for the purposes of the Project Inspire Key Commercial Terms BCC Loans and Warrants term sheet dated September 8, 2020 between the Borrower, MGE Korea Holding Limited and BCC LP, the Exclusivity Period (as defined therein) shall be extended to 11 59 p.m. Korea Standard Time on the earlier of (x) the last day of the Availability Period and (y) the Utilisation Date 
 (b) BCC LP shall be entitled to rely on this Clause 10.4 as a third-party beneficiary. 
 11. TAX GROSS UP AND INDEMNITIES 
 11.1 Definitions 
 (a) In this Agreement 
 Borrower DTTP Filing means an HM Revenue & Customs Form DTTP2 duly completed and filed by the Borrower, which 
 (a) where it relates to a Treaty Lender that is an Original Lender, contains the scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence stated 

opposite that Lender s name in Part II of Schedule 1 The Original Parties is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of the date of this Agreement or 
 (b) where it relates to a Treaty Lender that is not an Original Lender, contains the scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence stated in respect of that Lender in the documentation which it executes on becoming a Party as a Lender and is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of the date that Treaty Lender becomes a Party as a Lender. 
 Protected Party means a Finance Party which is or will be subject to any liability, or required to make any payment, for or on account of Tax in relation to a sum received or receivable (or any sum deemed for the purposes of Tax to be received or receivable) under a Finance Document. 
 Qualifying Lender means 
 (a) a Lender which is beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in respect of an advance under a Finance Document and is 
 (i) a Lender 
 which is a bank (as defined for the purpose of section 879 of the ITA) making an advance under a Finance Document and is within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax as respects any payments of interest made in respect of that advance or would be within such charge as respects such payments apart from section 18A of the CTA or 
 in respect of an advance made under a Finance Document by a person that was a bank (as defined for the purpose of section 879 of the ITA) at the time that that advance was made and within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax as respects any payments of interest made in respect of that advance or 
 (ii) a Lender which is 
 a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes 
 a partnership each member of which is 
 (1) a company so resident in the United Kingdom or 
 (2) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the CTA 
 a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into 

account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company or 
 (iii) a Treaty Lender or 
 (b) a Lender which is a building society (as defined for the purposes of section 880 of the ITA) making an advance under a Finance Document. 
 Tax Confirmation means a confirmation by a Lender that the person beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in respect of an advance under a Finance Document is either 
 (a) a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes 
 (b) a partnership each member of which is 
 (i) a company so resident in the United Kingdom or 
 (ii) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the CTA or 
 (c) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company. 
 Tax Credit means a credit against, relief or remission for, or repayment of any Tax 
 Tax Deduction means a deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax from a payment under a Finance Document other than a FATCA Deduction and 
 Tax Payment means either the increase in a payment made by the Shareholder or the Borrower to a Finance Party under Clause 11.2 Tax Gross Up or a payment under Clause 11.3 Tax Indemnity ). 
 Treaty Lender means a Lender which 
 (a) is treated as a resident of a Treaty State for the purposes of the Treaty 
 (b) does not carry on a business in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment with which that Lender s participation in the Loan is effectively connected and 
 (c) fulfils any conditions which must be fulfilled under the double taxation agreement for residents of that Treaty State to obtain full exemption from United Kingdom taxation on interest payable to that Lender in 

respect of an advance under a Finance Document, subject to the completion of any necessary procedural formalities. 
 Treaty State means a jurisdiction having a double taxation agreement (a Treaty with the United Kingdom which makes provision for full exemption from tax imposed by the United Kingdom on interest and 
 UK Non-Bank Lender means a Lender which is not an Original Lender and which gives a Tax Confirmation in the documentation which it executes on becoming a Party as a Lender. 
 (b) Unless a contrary indication appears, in this Clause 11 Tax Gross Up and Indemnities a reference to determines or determined means a determination made in the absolute discretion of the person making the determination. 
 11.2 Tax Gross Up 
 (a) The Shareholder and the Borrower shall make all payments to be made by it without any Tax Deduction, unless a Tax Deduction is required by law. 
 (b) The Borrower shall promptly upon becoming aware that it or the Shareholder must make a Tax Deduction (or that there is any change in the rate or the basis of a Tax Deduction) notify the Agent accordingly. Similarly, the Lender shall notify the Agent on becoming so aware in respect of a payment payable to that Lender. If the Agent receives such notification from a Lender it shall notify the Borrower. 
 (c) If a Tax Deduction is required by law to be made by the Borrower or the Shareholder, the amount of the payment due from the Borrower or the Shareholder shall be increased to an amount which (after making any Tax Deduction) leaves an amount equal to the payment which would have been due if no Tax Deduction had been required. 
 (d) A payment shall not be increased under paragraph (c) above by reason of a Tax Deduction on account of Tax imposed by the United Kingdom, if on the date on which the payment falls due 
 (i) the payment could have been made to the relevant Lender without a Tax Deduction if the Lender had been a Qualifying Lender, but on that date that Lender is not or has ceased to be a Qualifying Lender other than as a result of any change after the date it became a Lender under this Agreement in (or in the interpretation, administration, or application of) any law or Treaty or any published practice or published concession of any relevant taxing authority or 
 (ii) the relevant Lender is a Qualifying Lender solely by virtue of paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of Qualifying Lender and 
 (A) an officer of H.M. Revenue & Customs has given (and not revoked) a direction (a Direction under section 931 of the ITA which relates to the payment and that Lender has received from the Shareholder or from the Borrower a certified copy of that Direction and 
 (B) the payment could have been made to the Lender without any Tax Deduction if that Direction had not been made or 

(iii) the relevant Lender is a Qualifying Lender solely by virtue of paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of Qualifying Lender and 
 (A) the relevant Lender has not given a Tax Confirmation to the Borrower and 
 (B) the payment could have been made to the Lender without any Tax Deduction if the Lender had given a Tax Confirmation to the Borrower, on the basis that the Tax Confirmation would have enabled the Borrower to have formed a reasonable belief that the payment was an excepted payment for the purpose of section 930 of the ITA or 
 (iv) the relevant Lender is a Treaty Lender and the Borrower or the Shareholder (as applicable) making the payment is able to demonstrate that the payment could have been made to the Lender without the Tax Deduction had that Lender complied with its obligations under paragraph (g) or (h) (as applicable) below. 
 (e) If the Borrower or the Shareholder is required to make a Tax Deduction, it shall make that Tax Deduction and any payment required in connection with that Tax Deduction within the time allowed and in the minimum amount required by law. 
 (f) Within 30 days of making either a Tax Deduction or any payment required in connection with that Tax Deduction, the Borrower or the Shareholder (as applicable) making that Tax Deduction shall deliver to the Agent a statement under section 975 of the ITA or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Lender that the Tax Deduction has been made or (as applicable) any appropriate payment paid to the relevant taxing authority. 
 (g) 
 (i) Subject to paragraph (ii) below, a Treaty Lender and the Borrower or the Shareholder (as applicable) which makes a payment to which that Treaty Lender is entitled shall co-operate in completing any procedural formalities necessary for the Borrower or the Shareholder (as applicable) to obtain authorisation to make that payment without a Tax Deduction. 
 (ii) 
 (A) A Treaty Lender which is an Original Lender and that holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme, and which wishes that scheme to apply to this Agreement, shall confirm its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in this Agreement and 
 (B) a Treaty Lender which is not an Original Lender and that holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme, and which wishes that scheme to apply to this Agreement, shall confirm its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in the documentation which it executes on becoming a Party as a Lender, 
 and, having done so, that Lender shall be under no obligation pursuant to paragraph (i) above. 

(h) If a Lender has confirmed its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with paragraph (g)(ii) above and 
 (i) a Borrower making a payment to that Lender has not made a Borrower DTTP Filing in respect of that Lender or 
 (ii) a Borrower making a payment to that Lender has made a Borrower DTTP Filing in respect of that Lender but 
 (A) that Borrower DTTP Filing has been rejected by HM Revenue & Customs 
 (B) HM Revenue & Customs has not given the Borrower authority to make payments to that Lender without a Tax Deduction within 60 days of the date of the Borrower DTTP Filing or 
 (C) HM Revenue & Customs has given the Borrower authority to make payments to that Lender without a Tax Deduction but such authority has subsequently been revoked or expired, 
 and in each case, the Borrower has notified that Lender in writing, that Lender and the Borrower shall co-operate in completing any additional procedural formalities necessary for that Borrower to obtain authorisation to make that payment without a Tax Deduction. 
 (i) If a Lender has not confirmed its scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with paragraph (g)(ii) above, neither the Borrower or the Shareholder shall make a Borrower DTTP Filing or file any other form relating to the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme in respect of that Lender s Commitment(s) or its participation in any Utilisation unless the Lender otherwise agrees. 
 (j) A Borrower shall, promptly on making a Borrower DTTP Filing, deliver a copy of that Borrower DTTP Filing to Agent for delivery to the relevant Lender. 
 (k) A UK Non-Bank Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Agent if there is any change in the position from that set out in the Tax Confirmation. 
 11.3 Tax Indemnity 
 (a) The Borrower shall, within three Business Days of demand by the Agent, pay to a Protected Party an amount equal to the loss, liability or cost which that Protected Party (acting reasonably) determines has been (directly or indirectly) suffered for or on account of Tax by that Protected Party in respect of a Finance Document (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any loss, liability or cost suffered for or on account of Tax in respect of or in relation to the Warrant Agreement or the transactions contemplated by the Warrant Agreement shall not be regarded as a loss, liability or cost suffered for or on account of Tax in respect of a Finance Document). 
 (b) Paragraph (a) above shall not apply 
 (i) with respect to any Tax assessed on a Finance Party 
 (A) under the law of the jurisdiction in which that Finance Party is incorporated or, if different, the jurisdiction (or jurisdictions) in 

which that Finance Party is treated as resident for tax purposes or 
 (B) under the law of the jurisdiction in which that Finance Party s Facility Office is located in respect of amounts received or receivable in that jurisdiction, 
 if that Tax is imposed on or calculated by reference to the net income received or receivable by that Finance Party (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including any sum deemed to be received or receivable by that Finance Party) or 
 (ii) to the extent a loss, liability or cost 
 (A) is compensated for by an increased payment under Clause 11.2( Tax Gross Up or 
 (B) would have been compensated for by an increased payment under Clause 11.2 Tax Gross Up but was not so compensated solely because one of the exclusions in paragraph (d) of Clause 11.2 Tax Gross Up applied or 
 (C) relates to a FATCA Deduction required to be made by a Party. 
 (c) A Protected Party making, or intending to make a claim under paragraph (a) above shall promptly notify the Borrower of the event which will give, or has given, rise to the claim. 
 (d) A Protected Party shall, on receiving a payment from the Borrower under this Clause 11.3, notify the Agent. 
 11.4 Tax Credit 
 If the Borrower or the Shareholder makes a Tax Payment and the relevant Finance Party determines that 
 (a) a Tax Credit is attributable to an increased payment of which that Tax Payment forms part, to that Tax Payment or to a Tax Deduction in consequence of which that Tax Payment was required and 
 (b) that Finance Party has obtained and utilised that Tax Credit, 
 that Finance Party shall pay an amount to the Borrower or the Shareholder (as applicable) which that Finance Party determines will leave it (after that payment) in the same after-Tax position as it would have been in had the Tax Payment not been required to be made by the Borrower or the Shareholder (as applicable). 
 11.5 Lender status confirmation 
 Each Lender which is not an Original Lender shall indicate, in the documentation which it executes on becoming a Party as a Lender, which of the following categories it falls in 
 (a) not a Qualifying Lender 
 (b) a Qualifying Lender (other than a Treaty Lender) or 
 (c) a Treaty Lender. 

If such a Lender fails to indicate its status in accordance with this Clause 11.5 then that Lender shall be treated for the purposes of this Agreement (including by the Borrower and the Shareholder) as if it is not a Qualifying Lender until such time as it notifies the Borrower which category applies. For the avoidance of doubt, the documentation which a Lender executes on becoming a Party as a Lender shall not be invalidated by any failure of a Lender to comply with this Clause 11.5. 
 11.6 Stamp taxes 
 The Borrower shall 
 (a) pay all stamp duty, registration and other similar Taxes payable in respect of any Finance Document and 
 (b) within three Business Days of demand, indemnify each Finance Party against any cost, loss or liability that the Finance Party incurs in relation to any stamp duty, registration or other similar Tax payable in respect of any Finance Document, 
 in each case except for any such Tax payable in respect of (i) a voluntary registration of any Finance Document by the Security Agent when such registration is or was not required to maintain, preserve, establish or enforce the rights of the Finance Parties under that Finance Document or (ii) an assignment, transfer, sub participation or sub contract by a Lender of any of its rights or obligations pursuant to Clause 25 Changes to the Lenders ). For the avoidance of doubt, Taxes payable in respect of or in relation to the Warrant Agreement or the transactions contemplated by the Warrant Agreement shall not be regarded as payable in respect of a Finance Document for the purposes of this Clause 11.6. 
 11.7 VAT 
 (a) All amounts expressed to be payable under a Finance Document by any Party to a Finance Party which (in whole or in part) constitute the consideration for any supply for VAT purposes are deemed to be exclusive of any VAT which is chargeable on that supply, and accordingly, subject to paragraph (b) below, if VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Finance Party to any Party under a Finance Document and such Finance Party is required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT, that Party must pay to such Finance Party (in addition to and at the same time as paying any other consideration for such supply) an amount equal to the amount of the VAT (and such Finance Party must promptly provide an appropriate VAT invoice to that Party). 
 (b) If VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Finance Party (the Supplier to any other Finance Party (the Recipient under a Finance Document, and any Party other than the Recipient (the Relevant Party is required by the terms of any Finance Document to pay an amount equal to the consideration for that supply to the Supplier (rather than being required to reimburse or indemnify the Recipient in respect of that consideration) 
 (i) (where the Supplier is the person required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT) the Relevant Party must also pay to the Supplier (at the same time as paying that amount) an additional amount equal to the amount of the VAT. The Recipient must (where this paragraph (i) applies) promptly pay to the Relevant Party an amount equal to any credit or repayment the Recipient receives from the relevant tax authority which the Recipient reasonably determines relates to the VAT chargeable on that supply and 

(ii) (where the Recipient is the person required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT) the Relevant Party must promptly, following demand from the Recipient, pay to the Recipient an amount equal to the VAT chargeable on that supply but only to the extent that the Recipient reasonably determines that it is not entitled to credit or repayment from the relevant tax authority in respect of that VAT. 
 (c) Where a Finance Document requires any Party to reimburse or indemnify a Finance Party for any cost or expense, that Party shall reimburse or indemnify (as the case may be) such Finance Party for the full amount of such cost or expense, including such part thereof as represents VAT, save to the extent that such Finance Party reasonably determines that it is entitled to credit or repayment in respect of such VAT from the relevant tax authority. 
 (d) Any reference in this Clause 11.7 to any Party shall, at any time when such Party is treated as a member of a group for VAT purposes, include (where appropriate and unless the context otherwise requires) a reference to the representative member of such group at such time (the term representative member to have the same meaning as in the Value Added Tax Act 1994). 
 (e) In relation to any supply made by a Finance Party to any Party under a Finance Document, if reasonably requested by such Finance Party, that Party must promptly provide such Finance Party with details of that Party s VAT registration and such other information as is reasonably requested in connection with such Finance Party s VAT reporting requirements in relation to such supply. 
 11.8 FATCA Information 
 (a) Subject to paragraph (c) below, each Party shall, within ten Business Days of a reasonable request by another Party 
 (i) confirm to that other Party whether it is 
 (A) a FATCA Exempt Party or 
 (B) not a FATCA Exempt Party 
 (ii) supply to that other Party such forms, documentation and other information relating to its status under FATCA as that other Party reasonably requests for the purposes of that other Party s compliance with FATCA and 
 (iii) supply to that other Party such forms, documentation and other information relating to its status as that other Party reasonably requests for the purposes of that other Party s compliance with any other law, regulation or exchange of information regime. 
 (b) If a Party confirms to another Party pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) above that it is a FATCA Exempt Party and it subsequently becomes aware that it is not, or has ceased to be a FATCA Exempt Party, that Party shall notify that other Party reasonably promptly. 
 (c) Paragraph (a) above shall not oblige a Finance Party to do anything and paragraph (a)(iii) above shall not oblige any other Party to do anything which would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of 
 (i) any law or regulation 

(ii) any fiduciary duty or 
 (iii) any duty of confidentiality. 
 (d) If a Party fails to confirm whether or not it is a FATCA Exempt Party or to supply forms, documentation or other information requested in accordance with paragraphs (a)(i) or (ii) above (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where paragraph (c) above applies), then such Party shall be treated for the purposes of the Finance Documents (and payments under them) as if it is not a FATCA Exempt Party until such time as the Party in question provides the requested confirmation, forms, documentation or other information. 
 11.9 FATCA Deductions 
 (a) Each Party may make any FATCA Deduction it is required to make by FATCA, and any payment required in connection with that FATCA Deduction, and no Party shall be required to increase any payment in respect of which it makes such a FATCA Deduction or otherwise compensate the recipient of the payment for that FATCA Deduction. 
 (b) Each Party shall reasonably promptly, upon becoming aware that it must make a FATCA Deduction, notify the Party to whom it is making the payment and, in addition, shall notify the Borrower and the Agent and the Agent shall notify the other Finance Parties. 
 12. INCREASED COSTS 
 12.1 Increased Costs 
 (a) Subject to Clause 12.3 Exceptions) , the Borrower shall, within three Business Days of a demand by the Agent, pay for the account of a Finance Party the amount of any Increased Costs incurred by that Finance Party or any of its Affiliates as a result of 
 (i) the introduction of or any change in (or in the interpretation, administration or application of) any law or regulation or 
 (ii) compliance with any law or regulation made after the Facility Agreement Date. 
 The terms law and regulation in this paragraph (a) shall include any law or regulation concerning capital adequacy, prudential limits, liquidity, reserve assets or Tax. 
 (b) In this Agreement, Increased Costs means 
 (i) a reduction in the rate of return from the Facility or on a Finance Party s (or its Affiliate s) overall capital 
 (ii) an additional or increased cost or 
 (iii) a reduction of any amount due and payable under any Finance Document, 
 which is incurred or suffered by a Finance Party or any of its Affiliates to the extent that it is attributable to the undertaking, funding or performance by that Finance Party of any of its obligations under any Finance Document. 

12.2 Increased cost claims 
 (a) A Finance Party intending to make a claim pursuant to Clause 12.1 Increased Costs shall notify the Agent of the event giving rise to the claim, following which the Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower. 
 (b) Each Finance Party shall, as soon as practicable after a demand by the Agent, provide a certificate confirming the amount of its Increased Costs. 
 12.3 Exceptions 
 Clause 12.1 Increased Costs does not apply to the extent any Increased Cost is 
 (a) attributable to a Tax Deduction required by law to be made by the Borrower or the Shareholder 
 (b) attributable to a FATCA Deduction required to be made by a Party 
 (c) compensated for by Clause 11.3 Tax Indemnity (or would have been compensated for under Clause 11.3 Tax Indemnity but was not so compensated solely because any of the exclusions in paragraph (b) of Clause 11.3 Tax Indemnity applied) or 
 (d) attributable to the breach by the relevant Finance Party or its Affiliates of any law or regulation. 
 13. OTHER INDEMNITIES 
 13.1 Currency Indemnity 
 (a) If any sum due from the Borrower or the Shareholder under the Finance Documents (a Sum ), or any order, judgment or award given or made in relation to a Sum, has to be converted from the currency (the First Currency in which that Sum is payable into another currency (the Second Currency for the purpose of 
 (i) making or filing a claim or proof against the Borrower or the Shareholder (as applicable) or 
 (ii) obtaining or enforcing an order, judgment or award in relation to any litigation or arbitration proceedings, 
 the Borrower shall as an independent obligation, within three Business Days of demand, indemnify each Secured Party to whom that Sum is due against any cost, loss or liability arising out of or as a result of the conversion including any discrepancy between (A) the rate of exchange used to convert that Sum from the First Currency into the Second Currency and (B) the rate or rates of exchange available to that person at the time of its receipt of that Sum. 
 (b) Each of the Borrower and the Shareholder waives any right it may have in any jurisdiction to pay any amount under the Finance Documents in a currency or currency unit other than that in which it is expressed to be payable. 
 13.2 Other Indemnities 
 The Borrower shall (and shall procure that the Shareholder will) within three Business Days of demand, indemnify each Secured Party against any cost, loss or liability incurred by that Secured Party as a result of 

(a) the occurrence of any Event of Default 
 (b) a failure by the Borrower, the Shareholder or the Sponsor to pay any amount due under a Finance Document on its due date or in the relevant currency 
 (c) funding, or making arrangements to fund, its participation in the Loan requested by the Borrower in the Utilisation Request but not made by reason of the operation of any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement (other than by reason of default or negligence by that Secured Party alone) 
 (d) the Loan (or part of the Loan) not being prepaid in accordance with a notice of prepayment given by the Borrower and 
 (e) any information produced or approved by the Shareholder or any member of the Group being misleading and or deceptive in any material respect, 
 save to the extent such cost, loss or liability is solely the result of gross negligence, wilful misconduct or breach by a Secured Party of the Finance Documents. 
 13.3 Indemnity to the Agent 
 The Borrower shall promptly indemnify the Agent against 
 (a) any cost, loss or liability incurred by the Agent (acting reasonably) as a result of 
 (i) investigating any event which it reasonably believes is a Default 
 (ii) acting or relying on any notice, request or instruction which it reasonably believes to be genuine, correct and appropriately authorised or 
 (iii) instructing lawyers, accountants, tax advisers, surveyors or other professional advisers or experts as permitted under this Agreement and 
 (b) any cost, loss or liability incurred by the Agent (otherwise than by reason of the Agent s gross negligence or wilful misconduct) in acting as Agent under the Finance Documents. 
 13.4 Indemnity to the Security Agent 
 (a) The Borrower shall promptly indemnify the Security Agent and every Receiver and Delegate against any cost, loss or liability incurred by any of them as a result of 
 (i) any failure by the Borrower to comply with its obligations under Clause 15 Costs and Expenses 
 (ii) acting or relying on any notice or request which it reasonably believes to be genuine, correct and appropriately authorised 
 (iii) the taking, holding, protection or enforcement of the Transaction Security 
 (iv) the exercise of any of the rights, powers, discretions, authorities and remedies vested in the Security Agent and each Receiver and Delegate by the Finance Documents or by law 

(v) any default by the Sponsor, the Shareholder or the Borrower in the performance of any of the obligations expressed to be assumed by it in the Finance Documents or 
 (vi) acting as Security Agent, Receiver or Delegate under the Finance Documents or which otherwise relates to any of the assets of the Shareholder and the Borrower which from time to time are, or are expressed to be, the subject of the Transaction Security (otherwise, in each case, than by reason of the relevant Security Agent's, Receiver's or Delegate's gross negligence or wilful misconduct). 
 (b) The Security Agent and every Receiver and Delegate may, in priority to any payment to the Secured Parties, indemnify itself out of the assets of the Shareholder and the Borrower which from time to time are, or are expressed to be, the subject of the Transaction Security in respect of, and pay and retain, all sums necessary to give effect to the indemnity in this Clause 13.4 and shall have a lien on the Transaction Security and the proceeds of the enforcement of the Transaction Security for all moneys payable to it. 
 13.5 Indemnity as continuing obligation 
 Each indemnity given by the Borrower and or the Shareholder under or in connection with a Finance Document is a continuing obligation, independent of the Borrower s and or the Shareholder s other obligations under or in connection with that or any other Finance Document and survives after that Finance Document is terminated. 
 14. MITIGATION BY THE LENDERS 
 14.1 Mitigation 
 (a) Each Finance Party shall, in consultation with the Borrower, take all reasonable steps to mitigate any circumstances which arise and which result or would result in the Facility ceasing to be available or any amount becoming payable under or pursuant to, or cancelled pursuant to, any of Clause 7.1 Illegality ), Clause 11 Tax Gross Up and Indemnities or Clause 12 Increased Costs including (but not limited to) transferring its rights and obligations under the Finance Documents to another Affiliate or Facility Office. 
 (b) Paragraph (a) above does not in any way limit the obligations of the Borrower or the Shareholder under the Transaction Documents. 
 14.2 Limitation of Liability 
 (a) The Borrower shall promptly indemnify each Finance Party for all costs and expenses reasonably incurred by that Finance Party as a result of any step taken by it under Clause 14.1 Mitigation ). 
 (b) A Finance Party is not obliged to take any steps under Clause 14.1 Mitigation if, in the opinion of that Finance Party (acting reasonably), to do so might be prejudicial to it. 
 15. COSTS AND EXPENSES 
 15.1 Transaction Expenses 
 The Borrower shall (or shall procure that the Shareholder will) within ten Business Days of demand pay (or cause to be paid to) each of the Agent, the Security Agent 

and the Original Lenders the amount of all duly documented costs and expenses (including legal fees) properly incurred by either of them (and, in the case of the Security Agent, any Receiver or Delegate) in connection with the negotiation, preparation, printing, execution and perfection of 
 (a) the Project Inspire Key Commercial Terms BCC Loans and Warrants term sheet dated September 8, 2020 
 (b) this Agreement and any other documents referred to in this Agreement, the Warrant Agreement or any Finance Document and 
 (c) any other Finance Documents executed after the Facility Agreement Date. 
 15.2 Amendment Costs 
 If (a) the Borrower or the Shareholder requests an amendment, waiver or consent or (b) an amendment is required pursuant to Clause 32.11 Change of Currency ), the Borrower shall (or shall procure that the Shareholder will), within ten Business Days of demand, reimburse each of the Agent and Security Agent for the amount of all duly documented costs and expenses (including legal fees) properly incurred by the Agent or the Security Agent (and, in the case of the Security Agent, any Receiver or Delegate) in responding to, evaluating, negotiating or complying with that request or requirement. 
 15.3 Termination Fee 
 The Borrower shall pay to the Agent (on behalf of the Lenders pro rata to their respective Commitments as of the Facility Agreement Date) a termination fee in an amount equal to 10 per cent. of the Commitments as of the Facility Agreement Date on the first Business Day following the expiry of the Availability Period if, following the execution of this Agreement, the Facility is not utilised in full within the Availability Period, provided that no such termination fee shall be payable if the Borrower has delivered and or satisfied all conditions precedent specified in Clause 4.1 (Initial Conditions Precedent to the Utilisation) , Clause 4.2 Further Conditions Precedent) and Part 1 of Schedule 3 Initial Conditions Precedent (Prior to Delivery of Utilisation Request )) (other than the condition precedent specified in paragraph 6(c)(iv) Intercreditor Side Letter thereof) in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably). 
 15.4 Enforcement and Preservation Costs 
 The Borrower shall (or shall procure that the Shareholder will), within three Business Days of demand, pay to each Secured Party the amount of all duly documented costs and expenses (including legal fees of single counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) incurred by that Secured Party in connection with the enforcement of, or the preservation of rights under any Finance Document and or the Transaction Security (or contemplation thereof) and any proceedings instituted by or against that Secured Party as a consequence of it entering into a Finance Document, taking or holding the Transaction Security, or enforcing those rights. 
 16. CASH MANAGEMENT 
 16.1 Bank Accounts 
 (a) Accounts . The Borrower shall on or prior to the Utilisation Date, maintain an account designated as an Operating Account under the Debenture. 

(b) Other Accounts . The Borrower may not, without the prior written consent of the Security Agent, (i) maintain any bank account that is located outside of England and Wales, or (ii) maintain any bank account that is not subject to Security under the terms of the Debenture and designated as an Operating Account or Blocked Account in accordance with the terms of the Debenture. 
 16.2 Control of Accounts 
 (a) The Blocked Account shall be a blocked account as provided in the Debenture and in this Agreement. The Borrower shall not have any right or authority to unilaterally withdraw any funds from the Blocked Account without the written authorisation of the Security Agent, to the Account Bank. 
 (b) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Security Agent may provide written notice to the Borrower and the relevant Account Bank that withdrawals and transfers from any Operating Account are suspended and the account is blocked (the Account Suspension Notice ). If, after the Security Agent has provided such Account Suspension Notice, no Event of Default is continuing, the Security Agent shall, at the request of the Borrower, promptly provide written notice to the Borrower and the relevant Account Bank to confirm that withdrawals and transfers from the relevant Operating Account are resumed (the Account Activation Notice ). For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this paragraph (b) (of itself) shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of any Event of Default or any Default. 
 16.3 Blocked Account 
 (a) General . The Borrower shall have sole signing rights in relation to the Blocked Account but the prior consent of the Security Agent is required for any funds transfer or withdrawal from the Blocked Account. 
 (b) Deposits . 
 (i) The Borrower must ensure that any amount received or receivable by it is paid into the Blocked Account, except for amounts which are expressly permitted to be deposited into the Operating Account pursuant to paragraph (b) of Clause 16.4 Operating Account ). 
 (ii) The Borrower must ensure that 
 (A) all dividends and other Distributions received from the Senior Borrower 
 (B) any proceeds payable to it in connection with a Change of Control 
 (C) any proceeds payable to it in connection with a Trade Sale 
 (D) any IPO Prepayment Proceeds payable to it in connection with an IPO 
 are, promptly upon receipt by it, the Shareholder or any of its Affiliates (as applicable), paid into the Blocked Account. 
 (iii) If any payment of any amount required by the terms of this Agreement to be paid into the Blocked Account is paid into an Account other than 

the Blocked Account, the Borrower shall ensure that such amount must be transferred within two Business Days into the Blocked Account. 
 (c) Withdrawals. With not less than five Business Days notice to the Security Agent, the Borrower may withdraw funds from the Blocked Account for payment of Mandatory Prepayment Deductions of the Borrower, and customary professional fees and administrative costs and expenses in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower as a holding company provided that no prior notice will be required in respect of funds to be paid to the Agent for the account of the Secured Parties in accordance with this Agreement (including, but not limited to, in relation to any repayment of the Loan or payment of cash payment of accrued interest on the Loan in accordance with Clause 8.3 Payment of PIK Interest in cash )). 
 16.4 Operating Account 
 (a) General . The Borrower has sole signing rights in relation to each Operating Account. 
 (b) Deposits . The Borrower shall be entitled to deposit or cause to be deposited, from time to time, into any Operating Account 
 (i) the proceeds of additional share issuances by the Borrower or other capital contributions to the Borrower made in accordance with the Finance Documents and or 
 (ii) the proceeds of any Subordinated Debt. 
 (c) Withdrawals . The Borrower may, subject to any restriction in the Debenture, withdraw any amount properly on deposit in any Operating Account for any purpose. 
 16.5 Miscellaneous Accounts Provisions 
 (a) Any amount received or recovered by the Borrower must be held subject to the Security created by the Finance Documents and immediately be paid to the relevant Account or to the Agent in the same funds as received or recovered. 
 (b) On the Final Maturity Date or at any time after the Agent has given notice pursuant to Clause 23.20 Acceleration ), the monies standing to the credit of the Accounts (or any of them) may be applied by the Agent in or towards repayment of the Loan and or in or towards payment of any other amount outstanding under the Finance Documents. 
 (c) The Agent is not responsible or liable to the Borrower for 
 (i) any non-payment of any liability of the Borrower which could be paid out of moneys standing to the credit of an Account or 
 (ii) any withdrawal wrongly made, if made in good faith, 
 unless such non-payment or withdrawal is caused by the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of the Agent. 
 (d) Each Account may earn interest at such rate as the Borrower may from time to time agree with the Account Bank (as applicable). 

(e) The Borrower may pay the Account Bank such reasonable transaction charges and fees as they may from time to time agree with such bank. 
 17. REPRESENTATIONS 
 The Borrower, or to the extent any specifically relates to it, the Shareholder, makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 17 Representations to each Finance Party on the Facility Agreement Date. 
 17.1 Status 
 (a) The Senior Borrower is a stock corporation, duly incorporated and validly existing and in good standing under the law of its jurisdiction of incorporation. 
 (b) Each of the Shareholder and the Borrower is a private company limited by shares, duly incorporated and validly existing and in good standing under the law of its jurisdiction of incorporation. 
 (c) Each of the Senior Borrower, the Shareholder and the Borrower (i) has the power to own its material assets and (ii) has the power to carry on its business as it is being conducted except where failure to do so would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (d) Neither the Shareholder nor the Borrower is a US Tax Obligor. 
 17.2 Binding Obligations 
 Subject to the Legal Reservations and Perfection Requirements, the obligations expressed to be assumed by each of the Shareholder and the Borrower in each Transaction Document to which it is a party are legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations. 
 17.3 Non-conflict with other Obligations 
 The entry into and performance by each of the Shareholder and the Borrower of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the granting of the Transaction Security to which it is a party do not conflict with 
 (a) any law or regulation applicable to it in any material respect 
 (b) its constitutional documents or 
 (c) any agreement or instrument binding upon it or any of its assets or constitute a default or termination event (however described) under any such agreement or instrument in any material respect. 
 17.4 Power and Authority 
 (a) Each of the Shareholder and the Borrower has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, the Transaction Documents to which it is or will be a party and the transactions contemplated by those Transaction Documents. 
 (b) The Senior Borrower has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, the Material Contracts and the Material Financing Agreements to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Material Contracts and the Material Financing Agreements. 

(c) No limit on either the Shareholder s or the Borrower s powers will be exceeded as a result of the borrowing, grant of security or giving of guarantees or indemnities contemplated by the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
 (d) No limit on the Senior Borrower s powers will be exceeded as a result of the borrowing, grant of security or giving of guarantees or indemnities contemplated by the Material Contracts and or the Material Financing Agreements to which it is a party. 
 (e) Each of the Shareholder and the Borrower is acting as principal and for its own account and not as lender or trustee or in any other capacity whatsoever on behalf of any third party. 
 17.5 Validity and Admissibility in Evidence 
 (a) Subject to the Legal Reservations and Perfection Requirements and except for the registration of the Security Documents and payment of stamp taxes referred to under Clause 17.9 No Registration Requirements, Filing or Stamp Taxes ), all Authorisations required 
 (i) to enable each of the Shareholder and the Borrower to lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
 (ii) to enable the Senior Borrower to lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations in the Material Contracts and the Material Financing Agreements to which it is a party and 
 (iii) to make the Transaction Documents to which each of the Shareholder and the Borrower is a party admissible in evidence in its Relevant Jurisdictions, 
 have been obtained or effected (or will have been obtained or effected on or prior to the Utilisation Date) and are (or will on and after the Utilisation Date be) in full force and effect. 
 (b) All Authorisations necessary for the conduct of the business, trade and ordinary activities of the Borrower and the Senior Borrower have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect except where failure to obtain or effect those Authorisations would not be reasonably be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 17.6 Compliance with Laws 
 Each member of the Group is in compliance in all respects with all laws, regulations and covenants applicable to it and or its assets, except where non-compliance does not have or would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 17.7 Governing Law and Enforcement 
 (a) The choice of the governing law of the Finance Documents will be recognised and enforced in each of the Shareholder s and the Borrower s Relevant Jurisdictions. 
 (b) Any judgment obtained in relation to a Finance Document in the jurisdiction of the governing law of that Finance Document will be recognised and 

enforced in each of the Shareholder s and the Borrower s Relevant Jurisdictions. 
 17.8 Deduction of Tax 
 The Borrower is not required to make any Tax Deduction from any payment it may make under any Finance Document to a Lender which is 
 (a) a Qualifying Lender 
 (i) falling within paragraph (a)(i) of the definition of Qualifying Lender or 
 (ii) except where a Direction has been given under section 931 of the ITA in relation to the payment concerned, falling within paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of Qualifying Lender or 
 (iii) falling within paragraph (b) of the definition of Qualifying Lender or 
 (b) a Treaty Lender and the payment is one specified in a direction given by the Commissioners of Revenue & Customs under Regulation 2 of the Double Taxation Relief (Taxes on Income) (General) Regulations 1970 (SI 1970 488). 
 17.9 No Registration Requirements, Filing or Stamp Taxes 
 Under the laws of each Relevant Jurisdiction of each of the Shareholder and the Borrower, it is not necessary that the Finance Documents be registered, filed, recorded, notarised, or enrolled with any court or other authority in that jurisdiction or that any stamp, registration, notarial or similar Taxes or fees be paid on or in relation to such Finance Documents or the transactions contemplated by such Finance Documents (and, for the avoidance of doubt, neither the entry into the Warrant Agreement nor the transactions contemplated by the Warrant Agreement shall be regarded as a transaction contemplated by the Finance Documents for the purposes of this paragraph) except the registrations required under paragraph (b) of the definition of Perfection Requirements and payment of all associated fees and stamp duty (if any), which registrations, filings and fees will be made and paid promptly after the date of the relevant Security Document within the time periods required under applicable law. 
 17.10 Tax 
 (a) No member of the Group is materially overdue in the filing of any Tax returns and it is not overdue in the payment of any amount in respect of Tax, unless and only to the extent that 
 (i) such payment is being contested in good faith 
 (ii) adequate reserves are being maintained for those Taxes and the costs required to contest them 
 (iii) such payment can be lawfully withheld and 
 (iv) failure to file such returns or pay those Taxes does not have or would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) No claims or investigations are being, or are reasonably likely to be, made or conducted against it with respect to Taxes such that a liability of, or claim 

against, any member of the Group of USD 500,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or more is reasonably likely to arise. 
 17.11 No Default 
 (a) No Event of Default and, as at the Facility Agreement Date and the Utilisation Date, no Default is continuing or is reasonably likely to result from the making of the Utilisation or the entry into, or the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Transaction Document. 
 (b) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or, with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or a termination event (however described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on each of the Shareholder or any member of the Group or to which any of its assets are subject which has or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 17.12 Information 
 (a) All material information supplied by any of the Shareholder, the Borrower or the Senior Borrower or on its behalf to any Finance Party in connection with the Sponsor, the Shareholder, any member of the Group and or the Transaction Documents to which any of the foregoing is a party and or the Property and or the Project and or Phase 1B, (taken as a whole) was true and accurate as at the date it was provided or as at any date at which it was stated to be given and did not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in any material respect. 
 (b) Any projections contained in the information referred to in paragraph (a) above have been prepared as at their date on the basis of recent historical information and on the basis of assumptions believed by the Shareholder, the Borrower or the Senior Borrower (as applicable) to be reasonable at the time they were made. 
 (c) As at the Utilisation Date, nothing has occurred since the date of the information referred to in paragraph (a) above which, if disclosed, would make that information untrue or misleading in any material respect. 
 17.13 Financial Statements 
 (a) The Original Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied. 
 (b) The Original Financial Statements give a true and fair view of (if audited) or fairly represent (if unaudited) its financial condition and operations during the relevant financial year. 
 (c) The most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Clause 18.1 Financial Statements 
 (i) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP as applied to the Original Financial Statements and 
 (ii) give a true and fair view of (if audited) or fairly represent (if unaudited) its financial condition and results of operations during the financial year to which they relate. 

(d) Since the date of the Original Financial Statements there has been no Material Adverse Effect. 
 (e) There are no contingent liabilities or losses that have not been included in the Original Financial Statements or the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Clause 18.1 Financial Statements (as applicable) and which would have been required to be included in accordance with GAAP. 
 17.14 Pari Passu Ranking 
 The Borrower s payment obligations under the Finance Documents to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally. 
 17.15 No Proceedings Pending or Threatened 
 No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of, or before any court, arbitral body or agency which are reasonably likely to be adversely determined, and if so determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, have been commenced or (to the best knowledge of the Borrower and or the Shareholder) threatened in writing against the Borrower and or the Shareholder. 
 17.16 Title 
 (a) The Senior Borrower (i) is the sole legal and beneficial holder of the rights under the Leasehold Interest, and (ii) has good and marketable title (subject to any Authorisations required to develop and operate the Project) to the Leasehold Interest free from Security (other than any Permitted Security under paragraphs (b) through (f) of the definition thereof). 
 (b) All Development Consents required for commencement and implementation of the Development have been or will be obtained and maintained and no event has occurred which would be expected to affect, prevent or delay the Development or any construction or other work necessary for the Development in a manner which has or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 17.17 Leasehold Interest 
 (a) Any rent, premium, administrative fees and all other fees payable to the IIAC or any Governmental Agency in respect of the Leasehold Interest (save and except any fees not yet due to be paid) have been duly paid up to date, and the terms and conditions reserved and contained in the Implementation Agreement have been observed and performed up to date to the extent that failure to do so would have or be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) The Senior Borrower has not varied or modified any of the Leasehold Interest or agreed to or permitted any such variation or modification, except pursuant to the Amendment to the Implementation Agreement. 
 (c) No notice has been received by the Senior Borrower from any Governmental Agency (or any person acting on its behalf) in respect of an unremedied breach of any applicable law, regulation or covenant which would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the Leasehold Interest. 

17.18 No Other Business 
 (a) None of the Shareholder, the Borrower or the Senior Borrower has traded or carried on any business since the date of its incorporation nor is it trading or carrying on any business, except for (i) (in the case of the Senior Borrower) (A) the acquisition, ownership, letting, management and operation of its interests in the Property, the Project and the Leasehold Interest any activities reasonably incidental thereto and (B) the ownership of its interests in Phase 1B and the assets relating to Phase 1B and to the extent the Phase 1B Spin-off is not consummated in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents, the ownership, development and management of Phase 1B and any activities reasonably incidental thereto provided that the Sponsor is in compliance with the related obligations under the Sponsor Indemnity, and (ii) (in the case of the Shareholder or the Borrower), any Permitted Borrower Shareholder Activities (as applicable). 
 (b) As at the Facility Agreement Date, neither the Shareholder nor the Borrower has any Subsidiaries other than (i) (in the case of the Shareholder) the Borrower and (ii) (in the case of the Borrower) the Senior Borrower. 
 (c) The Business of each of the Shareholder, the Borrower and the Senior Borrower is conducted separately from any other entity or business. 
 17.19 Material Contracts 
 (a) There are no terms of the Material Contracts or the Hotel HOA included in side letters or similar documents that have not been disclosed to the Finance Parties. 
 (b) Each copy of a Material Contract and the Hotel HOA delivered to any Finance Party was a true and complete copy as at the date thereof. 
 (c) Neither the Borrower nor any other member of the Group is a party to any material agreements or arrangements other than (i) the Material Contracts, the Hotel HOA, Material Financing Agreements and the Transaction Documents, in each case to which it is a party, (ii) any other agreements or arrangements relating to the Development and the Project that are customarily entered into by companies operating a similar business or constructing a similar project, or (iii) to the extent the Phase 1B Spin-off is not consummated in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents, any other agreements or arrangements relating to the ownership, development and management of Phase 1B and any activities reasonably incidental thereto. 
 17.20 Pensions and Employees 
 Neither the Shareholder nor the Borrower has or has had 
 (a) any obligation in respect of any retirement benefit or occupational pension scheme and 
 (b) any employees. 
 17.21 Ranking of Security and Clawback 
 Subject to the Perfection Requirements and the Legal Reservations 

(a) the Security conferred by each Security Document is not liable to be avoided or set aside on the liquidation or administration of the Shareholder, the Borrower, the Senior Borrower or the Sponsor 
 (b) the Security conferred by each Security Document constitutes a first priority security interest of the type described, over the assets referred to, in that Security Document and 
 (c) the assets referred to in the Security Documents are not subject to any prior or pari passu Security except as permitted under the Finance Documents. 
 17.22 Good Title to Assets 
 Each member of the Group has or (when required) will have a good and valid title to, or valid leases or licences of, the assets necessary to carry on its business as presently conducted to the extent that failure to do so would have or be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 17.23 Legal and Beneficial Ownership 
 Each of the Shareholder and the Borrower is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the respective assets over which it purports to grant Security. 
 17.24 Ownership 
 The ownership of each of the Sponsor, the Shareholder, the Borrower and the Senior Borrower as at the Facility Agreement Date is as set out in the Group Structure Chart. 
 17.25 Environmental Laws 
 (a) Each member of the Group is in compliance with Clause 21.9 Environmental Matters and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner or to an extent which has or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) No Environmental Claim has been commenced or is threatened against any member of the Group where that claim, if determined against it, has or would reasonably be expected, to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 17.26 Shares 
 (a) All shares which are expressed to be subject to any Security created or expressed to be created pursuant to a Security Document are fully paid and none are subject to any option to purchase, cancel or similar rights other than pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
 (b) The constitutional documents of any company whose shares are subject to such Security do not and could not restrict or inhibit any transfer of those shares on creation or on enforcement of that Security and there are no other restrictions contained in any other agreements relating to such shares. 
 17.27 Insolvency 
 No 
 (a) corporate action, legal proceeding or other procedure or step described in Clause 23.9 Insolvency Proceedings or 

(b) creditors process described in Clause 23.10 Creditors Process ), 
 has been taken or (to the best knowledge of the Borrower and or the Shareholder) threatened in writing in relation to the Shareholder or any member of the Group and none of the circumstances described in Clause 23.8 Insolvency apply to the Shareholder or any member of the Group. 
 17.28 Immunity 
 The execution by each of the Shareholder and the Borrower of a Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes, and the exercise by it of its rights and performance of its obligations under that Finance Document will constitute, private and commercial acts performed for private and commercial purposes and it will not be entitled to claim immunity from suit, execution, attachment or other legal process in any proceedings taken in its jurisdiction of incorporation in relation to that Finance Document. The Security Assets are not subject to any sovereign immunity defense by the Shareholder or the Borrower. 
 17.29 Anti-Corruption Laws 
 (a) None of the Shareholder, any member of the Group or their respective directors, officers, agents, employees or other person acting on behalf of the Shareholder or that member of the Group, as the case may be, has taken any action, that would result in a violation or would implicate the Finance Parties in a violation of any applicable Anti-Corruption Laws in any material respect. None of the Shareholder, any member of the Group or their respective directors, officers, agents, employees or other person acting on behalf of the Shareholder or any member of the Group has made or has promised to make, an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, or anything of value Payment (i) to or for the use or benefit of any Government Official, (ii) to any other person, if it knows or has reason to know that any part of such Payment will be directly or indirectly given or paid by such other person, or will reimburse such other person for Payments previously made, to any Government Official or (iii) to any other person or entity, to improperly obtain or keep business or to secure some other improper advantage, in each case, the payment of which would violate applicable Anti-Corruption Laws. As of the date of this Agreement, no Proceeding by or before any Governmental Agency involving the Shareholder or the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Corruption Laws is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Shareholder or the Borrower, threatened. 
 (b) (i) None of the Shareholder or any member of the Group is a Governmental Agency, (ii) no officer, director, and, to the Knowledge of the Shareholder and or any member of the Group, no employee or agent of the Shareholder and or any member of the Group is currently a Government Official and (iii) no Government Official owns an interest in the Shareholder or any member of the Group. 
 (c) Each of the Shareholder, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have maintained their files, books and records in a manner that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflects the transactions and disposition of their assets. 
 17.30 Anti-Money Laundering 
 The operations of each of the Shareholder and each member of the Group are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material respects with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of all money laundering- or 

counter-terrorism finance- related Laws of any jurisdictions in which any of the Shareholder and or any member of the Group conducts business or owns assets, the U.S. Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, and the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (Pub. L. No. 107-56), as amended, the U.S. Money Laundering Control Act 2002 of 1986, as amended (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws ). As of the date of this Agreement, no Proceeding by or before any Governmental Agency involving any of the Shareholder or any member of the Group with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Borrower and or the Shareholder, threatened. 
 17.31 Sanctions 
 (a) None of the Shareholder, any member of the Group or their respective directors, officers, employees or other persons associated with, or acting on behalf of, the Shareholder or any member of the Group, as the case may be, is currently targeted by, or is owned or controlled by a person that is targeted by, any economic sanction currently administered by OFAC, or by the U.S. Department of State, or any sanctions currently imposed by the European Union (including under Council Regulation (EC) No. 194 2008), the United Nations Security Council, Her Majesty s Treasury or any other relevant Governmental Agency (collectively, the Sanctions ). Neither the Shareholder nor any member of the Group has directly or indirectly used any corporate funds, or contributed or otherwise made available any corporate funds to any joint venture partner or any other person for the purpose of financing the activities of any person that was at the time the target of any Sanctions, or located or resident in any country or territory the subject of country-wide Sanctions at the time of such action. 
 (b) None of the Shareholder, any member of the Group or their respective directors, officers, employees or other persons associated with, or acting on behalf of, the Shareholder or any member of the Group, as the case may be, has violated any applicable Export Control Law in any material respect, or has been sanctioned for such person s exportation to, importation from or other transaction with any person in Cuba, Sudan, Iran, Libya, Syria, Myanmar, Zimbabwe, North Korea, Belarus, the Crimea region of Ukraine, or any other country or territory subject to any embargoes or sanctions under any applicable Export Control Law. As of the date of this Agreement, no investigation or Proceeding by or before any Governmental Agency involving the Shareholder or any member of the Group with respect to the Export Control Laws or Sanctions is pending, or to the Knowledge of the Borrower and or the Shareholder, threatened. 
 17.32 Gambling and Regulatory Matters 
 (a) Neither the Borrower or the Senior Borrower is aware of any circumstance that may be reasonably expected to prevent the Senior Borrower from fulfilling the conditions and requirements for the obtaining of the necessary licenses for the purposes of operating the Casino. 
 (b) As of the Operations Commencement Date, the Senior Borrower has obtained the necessary licences for the purposes of operating the Casino, the Hotels and other parts of the Project as are required to avoid a Material Adverse Effect arising or being reasonably expected to arise. 
 (c) Each copy of the Prerequisites of Notification of Eligibility and the licences for the operation of the Casino and the other elements of the Project delivered to the Agent in Part 1 of Schedule 3 Initial Conditions Precedent (Prior to Delivery of Utilisation Request )) remains true and accurate, and no 

Governmental Agency has indicated any intention to revoke, suspect or impair such licences. 
 (d) The Senior Borrower has complied with all of the terms and conditions of the Prerequisites of Notification of Eligibility delivered to the Agent in Part 1 of Schedule 3 Initial Conditions Precedent (Prior to Delivery of Utilisation Request )). 
 (e) The Development does not conflict with the licences issued for the operation of the Casino and the other elements of the Project and any plans associated with it. 
 17.33 ESG Laws 
 Each of the Borrower and each other member of the Group is in compliance with all applicable ESG Laws, except where non-compliance does not have or would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No claim is pending, or to the Knowledge of the Borrower, is threatened, against the Borrower or any other member of the Group related to any ESG Laws. No written notice or other allegation has been received by, or brought to the attention of, the Borrower or any other member of the Group, alleging that the Borrower or any other member of the Group is in breach of any ESG Laws. 
 17.34 Repetition 
 The Repeating Representations are deemed to be made by the Borrower by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing on the date of the Utilisation Request, on the Utilisation Date and each Interest Payment Date (except that those contained in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Clause 17.13 Financial Statements will cease to be so made once subsequent financial statements have been delivered under this Agreement). 
 18. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS 
 The undertakings in this Clause 18 Information Undertakings remain in force from the Facility Agreement Date for so long as any amount is outstanding under the Finance Documents or any Commitment is in force. 
 18.1 Financial Statements 
 The Borrower shall supply to the Agent in sufficient copies for all of the Lenders 
 (a) (in respect of the Sponsor, Borrower and the Senior Borrower) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of each of its financial years 
 (i) the Sponsor s audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year 
 (ii) the Borrower s audited consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements for that financial year and 
 (iii) the Senior Borrower s audited unconsolidated financial statements for that financial year 
 (b) (in respect of the Borrower and the Senior Borrower) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within 45 days after the end of each half year of each of its financial years 

(i) the Borrower s unaudited consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements for that financial half year and 
 (ii) the Senior Borrower s unaudited unconsolidated financial statements for that financial half year and 
 (c) (in respect of the Borrower and the Senior Borrower) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within 45 days after the end of each quarter of each of its financial years, its quarterly unaudited cash flow statements, interim reports and management accounts for that financial quarter. 
 18.2 Compliance Certificate 
 (a) The Borrower shall supply the Agent with each set of financial and or cash flow statements, interim reports and management accounts (as the case may be) delivered pursuant to Clause 18.1 Financial Statements ), a Compliance Certificate as at the date as at which those statements were drawn up. 
 (b) The Borrower shall provide to the Agent all necessary supporting documents and materials as the Agent may reasonably require to confirm the Borrower s calculation of the Financial Covenants. 
 (c) Each Compliance Certificate shall be signed by one director of the Borrower. 
 18.3 Requirements as to Financial Statements 
 (a) Each set of financial statements delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Clause 18.1 Financial Statements shall be certified by a director of the relevant entity as giving a true and fair view (if audited) or fairly representing (if unaudited) its financial condition as at the date as at which those financial statements were drawn up. 
 (b) The Borrower shall procure that each set of financial statements delivered pursuant to Clause 18.1 Financial Statements is prepared using GAAP, accounting practices and financial reference periods consistent with those previously applied (if any) for the relevant entity unless, in relation to any set of financial statements, it notifies the Agent that there has been a change in GAAP, the accounting practices or reference periods and its auditors deliver to the Agent 
 (i) a description of any change necessary for those financial statements to reflect the GAAP, accounting practices and reference periods upon which that entity s previous financial statements (if any) were prepared and 
 (ii) sufficient information, in form and substance as may be reasonably required by the Agent, to enable the Agent to make an accurate comparison between the financial position indicated in those financial statements and the prior financial statements delivered hereunder. 
 (c) The Borrower shall procure that the auditor of each member of the Group and the Sponsor is an Approved Auditor. 
 18.4 Budget 
 (a) The Borrower shall supply to the Agent, as soon as the same becomes available but in any event within 30 days after the end of each of its financial years, an updated Budget. 

(b) The Borrower shall ensure that each Budget submitted to the Agent under paragraph (a) above has been approved by the board of directors of the Borrower and the Senior Borrower. 
 (c) Subject to paragraph (b) of Clause 20.11 Business Plan and Budget ), if the Budget is amended in any way, the Borrower shall promptly deliver to the Agent such updated or changed Budget and where the Budget is amended in any material respect, together with a written explanation of the main changes in that Budget. 
 18.5 Information on the Development 
 (a) The Borrower shall (and shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall) supply to the Agent, on the 15 th day of every month (and, if such date is not a Business Day, the following Business Day) ending after the Utilisation Date, details of the progress of the Development and the costs and expenses incurred and to be incurred in connection with the Development prepared and certified by the Project Monitor in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably). These must include 
 (i) a report on progress of each item set out in the Budget 
 (ii) a breakdown of the costs and expenses incurred by the Borrower and the Senior Borrower in connection with the Development to date 
 (b) The Borrower shall (and shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall) supply to the Project Monitor, on reasonable request, sufficient information to enable the Project Monitor to supply reports on the progress of the Development. 
 (c) The Borrower shall (and shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall) promptly notify the Agent upon it becoming aware that any material Development Consent required for the Development will not be granted or will be further conditioned. 
 18.6 Information Miscellaneous 
 The Borrower shall (and shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall) supply to the Agent (in sufficient copies for all of the Lenders, if the Agent so requests) 
 (a) at the same time as they are dispatched, copies of all documents and information dispatched by the Borrower or the Senior Borrower to its creditors or any class of them (including, in the case of the Senior Borrower, the Senior Secured Parties) generally 
 (b) at the same time as they are dispatched or received (as applicable), copies of all notices, documents and other communications between the Senior Borrower and or the Borrower and any Senior Secured Parties relating to any default or the exercise of any rights or remedies under the Material Financing Agreements (including, without limitation, the enforcement with respect to any Collateral Documents) 
 (c) all notices of defaults under any Material Contracts and any Material Financing Agreements 
 (d) at the same as they are dispatched or received, copies of all material communications with any regulatory authority (including the MCST) relating to the Senior Borrower, the Property, the Project or the Leasehold Interest 

(e) copies of all material reports in respect of any events or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect prepared for the benefit of the Borrower or the Senior Borrower relating to the Property or any of the Security Assets 
 (f) promptly upon becoming aware of them, the details of any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations which are current, threatened or pending against the Property, the Leasehold Interest, the Shareholder, any member of the Group or the Sponsor, where such proceeding is reasonably likely to be determined against the Property, the Leasehold Interest, the Shareholder, that member of the Group or the Sponsor and which, if so adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (g) promptly upon becoming aware of them, the details of any judgment or order of a court, arbitral body or agency which is made against the Shareholder or any member of the Group, and which would reasonably be expected to have Material Adverse Effect 
 (h) details of any circumstances which will require a prepayment to be made under Clause 7.2 Change of Control 
 (i) promptly, such further information regarding the financial condition, business and or operations of the Group or the Property as the Agent may reasonably request 
 (j) promptly, reasonable details of the terms of any Subordinated Debt upon any such amounts being advanced by a Subordinated Creditor 
 (k) promptly such information as the Agent or Security Agent may reasonably require about the Transaction Security and compliance of the Shareholder or the Borrower with the terms of any Security Documents and 
 (l) promptly notification if any part of or interest in the Property is compulsorily purchased, confiscated, expropriated or appropriated or on becoming aware of the applicable Governmental Agency or authority making an order for the compulsory purchase, confiscation, expropriation or appropriation of the same. 
 18.7 Notification of Default 
 (a) The Borrower shall (and shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall) notify the Agent of any Default (and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it) promptly upon becoming aware of its occurrence (unless the Borrower or the Senior Borrower is aware that a notification has already been provided by the Shareholder). 
 (b) Promptly upon a request by the Agent (acting reasonably), the Borrower shall supply to the Agent a certificate signed by a director or similar senior officer (in the case of an entity other than a company) on its behalf certifying that no Default is continuing (or if a Default is continuing, specifying the Default and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it). 
 18.8 Know your Customer Checks 
 (a) If 

(i) the introduction of or any change in (or in the interpretation, administration or application of) any law or regulation made after the Facility Agreement Date 
 (ii) any change in the status of the Shareholder, the Borrower or the Senior Borrower or the composition of any of their respective shareholders or partners (or equivalent) or its management after the Facility Agreement Date or 
 (iii) a proposed assignment or transfer by a Lender of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to a third party prior to such assignment or transfer, 
 obliges the Agent or any Lender (or, in the case of paragraph (iii) above, any prospective new Lender) to comply with know your customer or similar identification procedures in circumstances where the necessary information is not already available to it, the Borrower shall (and shall procure that the Shareholder or the Senior Borrower (as applicable) shall) promptly upon the request of the Agent or any Lender supply, or procure the supply of, such documentation and other evidence as is reasonably requested by the Agent (for itself or on behalf of any Lender) or any Lender (for itself or, in the case of the event described in paragraph (iii) above, on behalf of any prospective new Lender) in order for the Agent, such Lender or, in the case of the event described in paragraph (iii) above, any prospective new Lender, to carry out and be satisfied it has complied with all know your customer and other similar procedures that it is required to conduct. 
 (b) Each Lender shall promptly upon the request of the Agent supply, or procure the supply of, such documentation and other evidence as is reasonably requested by the Agent (for itself) in order for the Agent to carry out and be satisfied it has complied with all necessary know your customer or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations pursuant to the transactions contemplated in the Finance Documents. 
 18.9 Electronic Delivery 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Clause 18.1 in respect of the Sponsor may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which such documents are publicly available through EDGAR (or any successor system of the Securities and Exchange Commission) (ii) on which the Sponsor posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Sponsor s website on the Internet at the website address which is located at www.mohegangaming.com as or (iii) on which such documents are posted on the Sponsor s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which the Agent has access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Agent). 
 19. FINANCIAL COVENANTS 
 19.1 DSCR 
 On and after the First Test Date, the DSCR in respect of any Calculation Period, as tested in accordance with Clause 19.4 Financial Covenants Calculation ), shall not be less than the ratio set out in column 2 opposite the Calculation Period. 

Column 1 Calculation Period Column 2 Ratio Calculation Period ending on June 30, 2024 1.17 1 Calculation Period ending on September 30, 2024 1.28 1 Calculation Period ending on December 31, 2024 1.60 1 Calculation Period ending on March 31, 2025 1.83 1 Calculation Period ending on June 30, 2025 1.94 1 Calculation Period ending on September 30, 2025 2.00 1 Calculation Period ending on December 31, 2025 2.00 1 Calculation Period ending on March 31, 2026 2.00 1 Calculation Period ending on June 30, 2026 2.00 1 Calculation Period ending on September 30, 2026 2.00 1 Calculation Period ending on December 31, 2026 2.00 1 Calculation Period ending on March 31, 2027 2.00 1 
 
 19.2 Net Leverage 
 Net Leverage in respect of any Calculation Period specified in column 1 below shall not exceed the ratio set out in column 2 opposite the Calculation Period. 

Column 1 Calculation Period Column 2 Ratio Calculation Period ending on June 30, 2024 18.00 1 Calculation Period ending on September 30, 2024 15.75 1 Calculation Period ending on December 31, 2024 12.35 1 Calculation Period ending on March 31, 2025 11.00 1 Calculation Period ending on June 30, 2025 10.25 1 Calculation Period ending on September 30, 2025 10.25 1 Calculation Period ending on December 31, 2025 9.60 1 Calculation Period ending on March 31, 2026 9.00 1 Calculation Period ending on June 30, 2026 8.50 1 Calculation Period ending on September 30, 2026 8.00 1 Calculation Period ending on December 31, 2026 7.50 1 Calculation Period ending on March 31, 2027 7.20 1 
 19.3 Financial Definitions 
 For the purpose of this Agreement 
 Borrowings means, at any time, the aggregate outstanding principal, capital or nominal amount of any Financial Indebtedness (other than any Subordinated Debt), provided that any indebtedness in respect of Treasury Transactions shall not be included in Borrowings 
 Calculation Period means each period of twelve months or such shorter period specified in Clause 19.4 Financial Covenants Calculation ending on a Quarter Date 
 Capital Expenditure means any expenditure or obligation in respect of expenditure which, in accordance with GAAP, is treated as capital expenditure, 

excluding the capital element of any expenditure or obligation in respect of expenditure in respect of any payment by any member of the Group under the Mohegan Management Agreement or the Development Services Agreement 
 Cashflow means, in respect of any Calculation Period, EBITDA for the Calculation Period after 
 (a) adding the amount of any decrease and deducting the amount of any increase in Working Capital for that Calculation Period 
 (b) adding the amount of any cash receipts by any member of the Group during that Calculation Period in respect of any Tax rebates or credits and deducting the amount actually paid in respect of Taxes during the relevant Calculation Period by any member of the Group 
 (c) adding the amount of any cash receipts (and deducting the amount of any cash payments) during that Calculation Period in respect of any Exceptional Items not already taken into account in determining EBITDA for the Calculation Period (other than, in the case of cash receipts, Relevant Proceeds) 
 (d) deducting (to the extent not taken into account in determining EBITDA for that Calculation Period) the amount of any Permitted Payment paid in cash during the Calculation Period in favour of any person other than a member of the Group 
 (e) adding back amounts accrued and unpaid under any Mohegan Management Agreement and the Development Services Agreements, to the extent decreasing EBITDA 
 (f) adding the amount of any increase in provisions, other non-cash debits and other non-cash charges (which are not Current Assets or Current Liabilities) and deducting the amount of any non-cash credits (which are not Current Assets or Current Liabilities), in each case, to the extent taken into account in establishing EBITDA and 
 (g) deducting the amount of any Capital Expenditure actually made in cash during that Calculation Period by any member of the Group except (in each case) to the extent funded (or required under the Finance Documents to be funded) from the proceeds of any disposal or insurance claims received by a member of the Group permitted to be retained for this purpose, 
 and so that no amount shall be added (or deducted) more than once 
 Consolidated Total Borrowings means the aggregate face amount of (a) all the outstanding Borrowings of the Borrower and (b) all outstanding Borrowings of the Senior Borrower (including without limitation the outstanding loans under the Senior Finance Documents, the Working Capital Facility, the FF&E Lease Financing and the Hanwha Convertible Bond) converted into USD at the daily average currency exchange rate used in the financial statements of the Borrower for the applicable Calculation Period 
 Consolidated Total Net Borrowings means, at any time, (without double counting) Consolidated Total Borrowings at that time less the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalent Investments held by any member of the Group at that time (but excluding any Phase 1B Cash and any amount standing to the credit of the Interest Deposit Account, the Loan Repayment Account (each as defined under the Senior Facilities Agreement), any replacements of these bank accounts and any other 

bank accounts of the Senior Borrower which are segregated for purposes of servicing any Financial Indebtedness) 
 Current Assets means the aggregate (on a consolidated basis) of all inventory, work in progress, trade and other receivables of each member of the Group including prepayments in relation to operating items and sundry debtors (but excluding cash and Cash Equivalent Investments) expected to be realised within twelve months from the date of computation but excluding amounts in respect of 
 (a) receivables in relation to Tax 
 (b) Exceptional Items and other non-operating items 
 (c) insurance claims and 
 (d) any interest owing to any member of the Group 
 Current Liabilities means the aggregate (on a consolidated basis) of all liabilities (including trade creditors, accruals and provisions) of each member of the Group expected to be settled within twelve months from the date of computation but excluding amounts in respect of 
 (a) liabilities for Borrowings and finance charges 
 (b) liabilities for Tax 
 (c) Exceptional Items and other non-operating items 
 (d) insurance claims and 
 (e) liabilities under any Mohegan Management Agreement and the Development Services Agreements 
 Debt Service means the aggregate amount of 
 (a) all scheduled repayments in the relevant Calculation Period of the Senior Borrower s Borrowings 
 (b) the Interest Expense, 
 (but excluding (in each case) 
 (i) such obligations owed to any member of the Group 
 (ii) amounts funded from the proceeds of a Permitted Refinancing and 
 (iii) any amounts falling due under any overdraft or revolving facility and which are available for simultaneous redrawing in accordance with the terms of that facility 
 DSCR means, with respect to any Calculation Period, the ratio of (a) Cashflow to (b) Debt Service 
 EBITDA means, with respect to any Calculation Period, consolidated operating profit before tax of the Group for that Calculation Period 
 (a) before deducting the consolidated finance costs and any amount of taxes paid, payable or accruing for payment during that Calculation Period 

(b) after adding back any depreciation and amortisation and or impairment charges 
 (c) plus all other non-cash items reducing the consolidated operating profit of the Group (other than non-cash items in a period which reflect cash expenses paid or to be paid in another period) less all non-cash items increasing the consolidated operating profit of the Group and 
 (d) before taking into account any Exceptional Items, 
 (in each case without double counting to the extent added, deducted or taken into account (as the case may be) to determine the consolidated operating profit of the Group) 
 Exceptional Items means any exceptional, one off, non-recurring or extraordinary items 
 First Test Date means the earlier of (a) 30 September 2024 and (b) the third Quarter Date falling after the date on which the Final Casino License is obtained by the Senior Borrower 
 Interest Expense means, with respect of any Calculation Period, the aggregate amount of interest payable in cash by the Senior Borrower in that Calculation Period in respect of its Borrowings 
 Net Leverage means, in respect of any Calculation Period, the ratio of Consolidated Total Net Borrowings to EBITDA in respect of the Calculation Period 
 New Shareholder Injection means the aggregate amount subscribed for by the Shareholder after the Facility Agreement Date, in respect of fully paid ordinary shares in the Borrower or any other form of equity contribution, in each case that is permitted under Clause 20.13 Shares, Dividends and Share Redemption or in respect of Subordinated Debt 
 Quarter Date means each of 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December 
 Relevant Proceeds means proceeds of disposals not required to be applied in prepayment of the Senior Facilities Agreement or committed to be reinvested for application in the business within 12 Months of receipt, proceeds of insurance claims to be applied in reinstatement of any damage caused or to provide compensation to any person, proceeds of any Permitted Refinancing and proceeds of any New Shareholder Injection (unless to the extent designated as a cure under Clause 19.5 Equity Cure )). 
 Test Date means each Quarter Date falling on or after the First Test Date and 
 Working Capital means, on any date, Current Assets less Current Liabilities. 
 19.4 Financial Covenants Calculation 
 (a) The DSCR and Net Leverage shall be tested quarterly on each Test Date by reference to 
 (i) in the case of the First Test Date, one full financial quarter period (or, if applicable, the 2 full financial quarters (if any) falling after the date on which the Final Casino License was obtained) 

(ii) in the case of the second Test Date, two full financial quarters (or, if applicable, a the 3 full financial quarters (if any) falling after the date on which the Final Casino License was obtained) 
 (iii) in the case of the third Test Date, three full financial quarters (or, if applicable, the 4 full financial quarters (if any) falling after the date on which the Final Casino License was obtained) 
 (iv) on each Test Date thereafter, 4 full financial quarters, 
 in each case, ending on the relevant Test Date by reference to the consolidated financial statements of the Group most recently delivered to the Agent and for any period of less than 12 months (i) when determining the Cashflow and Debt Service and (ii) when determining EBITDA, shall be annualised to determine the DSCR or Net Leverage (as applicable) as at the relevant Test Date. 
 (b) Any defined term and Financial Covenant calculation in this Clause 19 that takes into account any items relating to Phase 1B shall be deemed to be adjusted not to take into account such items. 
 19.5 Equity Cure 
 (a) The Borrower has the right to cure or prevent a breach of the financial covenants in Clause 19.1 DSCR and Clause 19.2 Net Leverage (together, the Financial Covenants so that 
 (i) in the case of a cure, the Default which occurred as a result of a breach of the relevant Financial Covenant, if cured in accordance with this Clause 19.5, shall be deemed not to have occurred or 
 (ii) in the case of a prevention, the Default which would otherwise have occurred as a result of a breach of the relevant Financial Covenant will not occur. 
 (b) A breach of a Financial Covenant may be deemed cured (a cure upon receipt from the Shareholder by the Borrower of an amount of cash proceeds following a New Shareholder Injection which are (in aggregate) sufficient to cure the relevant breach of a Financial Covenant pursuant to this Clause 19.5 (a Cure Amount not later than the date falling 5 Business Days after the last date for delivery of the Compliance Certificate for the relevant Calculation Period to which that cure relates. 
 (c) Any Cure Amount received by the Borrower shall be applied for the purpose of re-testing the relevant Financial Covenant as follows 
 (i) in the case of the DSCR, by adding the relevant Cure Amount to Cashflow for the Calculation Period (and each subsequent Calculation Period that includes the date on which such Cure Amount is received) and 
 (ii) in the case of Net Leverage, reducing Consolidated Total Borrowings of the Group with the relevant Cure Amount and testing the Financial Covenant pro forma for such reduction as at the relevant Test Date. 
 (d) If the re-testing of the relevant Financial Covenant after giving effect to paragraph (c) above demonstrates no breach has occurred in respect of the 

applicable Calculation Period, then the relevant breach shall be deemed to have been remedied. 
 (e) A Financial Covenant breach may be cured up to two times in each calendar year and up to three times over the life of the Facility. No cure shall be permitted in consecutive financial quarters. 
 (f) Any cure shall be notified by the Borrower to the Agent at the time that the relevant Cure Amount is received by the Borrower, provided that any New Shareholder Injection (other than any New Shareholder Injection received pursuant to Clause 4.9 of the Sponsor Indemnity) received by the Borrower during the period of two financial quarters ending on the relevant Test Date of which the relevant cash proceeds are applied to test Net Leverage for the Calculation Period ending on that Test Date shall be deemed to be a cure to the extent a Default under Clause 19.2 Net Leverage would have occurred but for the taking into account of these cash proceeds and the Borrower shall notify the Agent of such cure by no later than the date on which the Compliance Certificate for the Calculation Period is delivered in accordance with Clause 18.2 Compliance Certificate ). 
 20. GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS 
 20.1 Authorisations 
 The Borrower shall (and shall procure that each other member of the Group shall) 
 (a) promptly obtain, comply with and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force and effect and 
 (b) upon a reasonable request from the Agent, supply copies to the Agent of, 
 any Authorisation required under any law or regulation of a Relevant Jurisdiction to 
 (i) enable it to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to ensure (subject to the Legal Reservation and Perfection Requirements) the legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any Transaction Document to which it is a party or 
 (ii) own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted where failure to do so has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 20.2 Compliance with Laws 
 The Borrower shall comply in all respects with all laws, regulations and covenants to which it or its assets may be subject, if failure so to comply has or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 20.3 Pari passu ranking 
 The Borrower shall ensure that its payment obligations under the Finance Documents at all times rank at least pari passu with all its other present and future unsecured and 

unsubordinated payment obligations, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies or limited partnerships generally. 
 20.4 Negative Pledge 
 In this Clause 20.4 Negative Pledge ), Quasi-Security means an arrangement or transaction described in paragraph (b) below. 
 Except as permitted under paragraph (c) below 
 (a) Neither the Shareholder nor the Borrower shall, and shall ensure that each other member of the Group shall not, create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets. 
 (b) The Borrower shall not, and shall ensure that each other member of the Group shall not 
 (i) sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets on terms whereby they are or may be leased to or re-acquired by any member of the Group 
 (ii) sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its receivables on recourse terms 
 (iii) enter into any arrangement under which money or the benefit of a bank or other account may be applied, set-off or made subject to a combination of accounts or 
 (iv) enter into any other preferential arrangement having a similar effect, 
 in circumstances where the arrangement or transaction is entered into primarily as a method of raising Financial Indebtedness or of financing the acquisition of an asset. 
 (c) Paragraphs (a) and (b) above do not apply to any Security or (as the case may be) Quasi-Security that is Permitted Security 
 20.5 Disposals 
 Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below 
 (a) The Borrower shall not enter into, and it shall ensure that each other member of the Group shall not enter into, a single transaction or a series of transactions (whether related or not and whether voluntary or involuntary) to dispose of all or any part of any asset (including all or any part of the Property or all or any part of the shares in the Borrower and or the Senior Borrower). 
 (b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any sale, lease, transfer or other disposal that is a Permitted Disposal. 
 20.6 Financial Indebtedness 
 (a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Borrower shall not, and shall ensure that each other member of the Group shall not, incur or permit to be outstanding any Financial Indebtedness. 
 (b) Paragraph (a) does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness that is a Permitted Financial Indebtedness. 

20.7 Lending and Guarantees 
 (a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Borrower shall not, and shall ensure that each other member of the Group shall not, be the creditor in respect of any loan or any form of credit to any person. 
 (b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to a Permitted Loan. 
 (c) The Borrower shall not, and shall ensure that each other member of the Group shall not, give or allow to be outstanding any guarantee or indemnity to or for the benefit of any person in respect of any obligation of any other person or enter into any document under which the any member of the Group assumes any liability of any other person other than any guarantee or indemnity given under the Finance Documents. 
 (d) Paragraph (c) above does not apply to a Permitted Guarantee. 
 20.8 Merger 
 The Borrower shall not, and shall ensure that each other member of the Group shall not, enter into any amalgamation, demerger, merger, corporate reconstruction, consolidation, scheme of arrangement, dissolution or any other similar voluntary action, in each case other than in connection with an IPO (provided that the proceeds thereof are applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) or the Phase 1B Spin-off. 
 20.9 Acquisitions and Investments 
 (a) The Borrower shall not and shall ensure that each other member of the Group shall not 
 (i) invest in or acquire any share in or any security issued by any other person, or any interest therein or in the capital of any other person, or make any capital contribution to any person 
 (ii) invest in or acquire any business or going concern, or the whole or substantially the whole of the assets or business of any person, or any assets that constitute a division or operating unit of the business of any person. 
 (b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to 
 (i) a Permitted Acquisition or 
 (ii) a Permitted Transaction. 
 (c) The Borrower shall not, and shall ensure that each other member of the Group shall not, enter into any joint venture, consortium, partnership or similar arrangement with any person, other than as permitted in writing by the Agent. 
 20.10 Single Purpose Entity and Change of Business 
 (a) Without prejudice to paragraph (b) below, each of the Borrower and the Shareholder shall remain a Single Purpose Entity. 
 (b) Neither the Shareholder nor the Borrower shall carry on any business other than any Permitted Borrower Shareholder Activity. 

20.11 Business Plan and Budget 
 The Borrower shall (and shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall) 
 (a) at all times undertake its business in accordance with the Business Plan in all material respects and 
 (b) not, without the prior written consent of the Agent, amend or vary the Business Plan in any material respect. 
 20.12 Transaction Documents and Other Agreements 
 The Borrower shall not, and shall ensure that each other member of the Group shall not, amend or waive any provision of any Material Contract or the Hotel HOA save 
 (a) where such amendment or waiver is of an administrative nature or would not reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the interests of the Secured Parties, and a copy of such amendment or waiver (or if none has been entered into, reasonable details of the amended or waived terms thereof) shall be provided to the Agent promptly upon effect or 
 (b) with the prior written consent of the Agent. 
 20.13 Shares, Dividends and Share Redemption 
 (a) The Borrower shall not (and shall ensure that the Senior Borrower shall not) 
 (i) issue any further shares other than (i) an issue of shares that constitutes Permitted Other Shareholdings and (ii) an issue of (in the case of the Borrower) shares to the Shareholder in circumstances where such shares will be subject to the Transaction Security and (in the case of the Senior Borrower) shares to the Borrower or 
 (ii) amend any rights attaching to its issued shares to the extent that such amendment would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the validity or enforceability of the Security granted (or purported to have been granted) under the Security Documents or 
 (iii) (in the case of the Senior Borrower) increase its registered capital to the extent that such increase would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the validity or enforceability of the Security granted (or purported to have been granted) under the Security Documents. 
 (b) Subject to paragraph (c) below, the Borrower shall not (and shall ensure that the Senior Borrower shall not) 
 (i) declare, make or pay any dividend, charge, fee or other distribution (or interest on any unpaid dividend, charge, fee or other distribution) (whether in cash or in kind) on or in respect of its shares (or any class of its shares) 
 (ii) repay or distribute any dividend or share premium reserve 
 (iii) pay any management, advisory or other fee to or to the order of any Affiliate of the Sponsor or 
 (iv) redeem, repurchase, defease, retire or repay any of its shares or resolve to do so, 

(each such distribution or other payment, a Distribution ). 
 (c) Paragraph (b) above does not apply to 
 (i) a Permitted Payment 
 (ii) a Permitted Transaction 
 (iii) a reduction of share capital required by law or 
 (iv) any Distribution made in connection with the Phase 1B Spin-off. 
 20.14 Subordinated Debt 
 (a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Borrower shall not (and shall ensure that each other member of the Group will not) 
 (i) repay or prepay any principal amount (including, without limitation, capitalised interest) of any Subordinated Debt 
 (ii) pay any interest, fee or charge accrued or due in respect of any Subordinated Debt or 
 (iii) purchase, redeem, defease or discharge any of the amounts outstanding in respect of any Subordinated Debt. 
 (b) Paragraph (a) does not apply to a payment, repayment, prepayment, purchase, redemption, defeasance or discharge which is 
 (i) made or to be made for the purposes of refinancing or replacing the Subordinated Debt (and, if applicable, any accrued interest) with other Subordinated Debt 
 (ii) made by way of capitalization of any interest, fee or charge which is due or accrued in respect of the Subordinated Debt. 
 (c) The Borrower shall procure that any Financial Indebtedness or other obligations (other than any Permitted Payment) owed by any member of the Group to the Sponsor or any Sponsor Affiliate shall be postponed and subordinated to the Secured Obligations and assigned in favour of the Security Agent, in each case pursuant to a Subordination and Assignment Deed. 
 20.15 Taxes 
 (a) The Borrower shall (and shall procure that each other member of the Group shall) pay all Taxes imposed upon it or its assets within the time period allowed without incurring penalties, unless (and only to the extent that) 
 (i) payment of those Taxes is being contested in good faith 
 (ii) adequate reserves are being maintained for those Taxes and the costs required to contest them and 
 (iii) the failure to pay those Taxes would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) The Borrower may not change its residence for Tax purposes. 

20.16 Access to Information 
 (a) If the Agent reasonably suspects a Default is continuing, the Borrower shall (and shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall) permit the Agent (and or accountants or other professional advisers and contractors of the Agent) access to its premises, assets, books, accounts and records and to meet and discuss its financial position and operations with its senior management. 
 (b) If following discussions with the Borrower s auditors pursuant to paragraph (a) above, the Agent (acting reasonably) remains concerned about the accuracy of the financial information supplied to it, the Agent may require (at the expense of the Borrower to the extent any inaccuracies verified as such by the relevant accountants could reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse effect on the interests of the Agent under the Finance Documents) an independent firm of accountants acceptable to the Agent to carry out an appropriate investigation and give a certificate satisfactory to the Agent concerning any matter referred to in paragraph (a) above or the calculation of any ratio referred to in Clause 19 Financial Covenants ). 
 20.17 Sanctions 
 Neither the Shareholder nor the Borrower shall, and shall cause each other member of the Group not to, take any action that would result in a violation by it or any Finance Party of any Sanctions, or Export Control Laws in any material respect, including, without limitation, using or otherwise making available the proceeds of the Facility to fund, directly or indirectly, any business activities with, or for the benefit of, any person (whether a government, national, resident, individual or legal entity) that, at the time of such funding, is on (i) the U.S. Treasury Department s List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or (ii) the U.S. Treasury Department s sanctions regulations targeted against Cuba, Sudan, Iran, Libya, Syria, Myanmar, Zimbabwe, North Korea, Belarus, the Crimea region of Ukraine, or any other country or territory with respect to which U.S. persons , as defined in the Sanctions, are generally prohibited from doing business (a Sanctioned Territory ). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the Shareholder nor the Borrower shall, and shall procure that no other member of the Group shall, use directly or indirectly, the proceeds received from the Facility (including any action to lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any joint venture partner or other person) for the purpose of funding or facilitating any activities or business of or with any person towards any sales or operations in any Sanctioned Territory or for the purpose of funding any operations or financing any investments in, or make any payments to, any person that, at the time of such funding is targeted by any Sanctions. 
 20.18 Further Assurance 
 (a) The Borrower shall at its own expense promptly do all such acts or execute all such documents (including assignments, transfers, mortgages, charges, notices and instructions) as the Agent may reasonably specify (and in such form as the Agent may reasonably require in favour of the Finance Parties or their nominee(s)) 
 (i) to perfect the Security created or intended to be created under or evidenced by the Security Documents (which may include the execution of a mortgage, charge, assignment or other Security over all or any of the assets which are, or are intended to be, the subject of the Transaction Security) or for the exercise of any rights, powers and remedies of any Finance Party provided by or pursuant to the Finance Documents or by law 

(ii) to confer on the Security Agent, Security over any property and assets of it located in any jurisdiction which is (to the extent permitted by local law) equivalent or similar to the Security intended to be conferred by or pursuant to the Security Documents and or 
 (iii) to facilitate the realisation of the assets which are, or are intended to be, the subject of the Transaction Security. 
 (b) The Borrower shall take all such action as is available to it (including making all filings and registrations) as may be necessary for the purpose of the creation, perfection, protection or maintenance of any Security conferred or intended to be conferred on the Security Agent by or pursuant to the Finance Documents. 
 20.19 Treasury Transactions 
 The Borrower shall not enter into any Treasury Transaction, and shall ensure that each other member of the Group shall not, enter into any Treasury Transactions for speculative purposes. 
 20.20 Application of FATCA 
 The Shareholder and the Borrower shall not, and shall ensure that each other member of the Group shall not, become a US Tax Obligor. 
 20.21 Employees 
 (a) Neither the Shareholder nor the Borrower shall hire, appoint, engage and or replace any employee in any manner. 
 (b) The Borrower shall not (and shall procure that each other member of the Group shall not) enter into any employee and or director compensation or salary arrangement (including, without limitation, any services agreement and employment agreement) that are no less favourable to it than arms length terms and consistent with compensation levels customary in the market having regard to the type of position and level of experience. 
 20.22 Audit or Inquiry by Lenders 
 The Borrower consents to, and shall procure each other member of the Group to consent to any reasonable compliance audit or inquiry initiated by the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) in response to any allegation of potential violation of any applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws, Anti-Corruption Laws, any OFAC Sanctions or any Export Control Laws, each with reasonable prior written notice, and without interrupting that Group member s ordinary course of business. 
 20.23 Anti-Money Laundering 
 (a) Each of the Shareholder and the Borrower shall (and shall procure that each other member of the Group will) conduct business at all times in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Money Laundering Laws. 
 (b) Each of the Shareholder and the Borrower shall (and shall procure that each other member of the Group will) maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with such laws. 

(c) No part of any repayment or prepayment of the Loans will be derived from any unlawful activity or otherwise be proceeds or benefits of any unlawful activity. 
 20.24 Anti-Corruption Laws 
 (a) The Shareholder and the Borrower shall, and shall procure that each other member of the Group will maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve compliance with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 (b) In performing obligations and carrying out responsibilities under this Agreement, the Shareholder and the Borrower shall at all times ensure that none of the Shareholder or any member of the Group, their respective Affiliates and their respective Representatives violate any applicable Anti-Corruption Laws. The Shareholder, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall maintain all files, books and records in a manner that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflects the transactions and disposition of their assets. 
 20.25 Provision of Security 
 Upon the Senior Facilities Discharge Date, the Borrower shall promptly (and in any event with twenty-one (21) Business Days thereof) deliver the Springing Security to the Security Agent, together with such corporate authorisation documents, director s certificates and legal opinions reasonably requested by the Agent or Security Agent, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Security Agent (acting reasonably). 
 20.26 Gambling and Regulatory Covenant 
 (a) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower submits the application for the Final Casino License no later than 4 March 2024. 
 (b) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower, from no later than the earlier of (i) the date falling 31 Months after the Utilisation Date, and (ii) the Operations Commencement Date, holds all the necessary licences for the purposes of operating the Casino (including the Final Casino License). 
 (c) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower, from the Operations Commencement Date, holds all the necessary licences for the purposes of operating the Hotels and other parts of the Project as are required to avoid a Material Adverse Effect arising or being reasonably expected to arise. 
 (d) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall comply with (i) all terms and conditions of Prerequisites of Notification of Eligibility, the Final Casino License and each of the other licences for the operation of the Casino and the other elements of the Project and (ii) all requirements made by, agreements with, or undertakings given to any Governmental Agency in connection with such licences, in each case, to the extent required to avoid a Material Adverse Effect arising or being reasonably likely to arise. 
 (e) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall ensure that the Development does not and will not conflict in any material respect with the licenses issued for the operation of the Casino and the other elements of the Project and any plans associated with it. 

20.27 Arm s Length Transaction 
 (a) Except as permitted by paragraph (b) below, the Borrower shall not (and shall procure that no other member of the Group shall) enter into, or be a party to, any material transaction with any of its Affiliate, except in the ordinary course of trading and on terms which are no less favourable than would be obtained in a comparable arm s length transaction with an unrelated third party, and a copy of any agreement or contract entered into by the Borrower or any other member of the Group for such transaction shall be promptly delivered to the Agent. 
 (b) Paragraph (a) above shall not apply to any 
 (i) Permitted Transaction 
 (ii) transactions among members of the Group not otherwise prohibited by the Finance Documents or 
 (iii) Permitted Payment. 
 20.28 Conditions Subsequent 
 The Borrower shall promptly and diligently take such actions and or deliver or cause to be delivered to the Agent in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Agent 
 (a) promptly after the Utilisation on the Utilisation Date, all of the documents and other evidence listed in and complying with the requirements set out in Part 2 of Schedule 3 Conditions Subsequent after Utilisation and 
 (b) (by no later than the specified deadlines or any later deadline as the Agent may agree) all of the documents and other evidence listed in and complying with the requirements set forth in Part 3 of Schedule 3 Further Conditions Subsequent ). 
 20.29 Anti-layering 
 The Borrower shall not incur any Financial Indebtedness (other than Subordinated Debt) if such Financial Indebtedness is contractually subordinated in right of payment to any other Financial Indebtedness of the Shareholder or the Borrower, unless such Financial Indebtedness is also contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Facility, on substantially identical terms provided that this requirement does not apply to distinctions between categories of Financial Indebtedness that exist by reason of being secured on a junior priority basis. 
 20.30 Minimum Cash Balance 
 (a) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall not have an aggregate cash balance in its bank accounts (excluding the Interest Deposit Account, the Loan Repayment Account (each as defined under the Senior Facilities Agreement), any replacements of these bank accounts and any other bank accounts of the Senior Borrower which are segregated for purposes of servicing any Financial Indebtedness) lower than the Minimum Cash Balance for a period of more than 5 consecutive Business Days, provided that Phase 1B Cash shall not be included for the purposes of this calculation to the extent held by the Senior Borrower at the relevant time. 

(b) The Borrower shall notify the Agent promptly after the Senior Borrower has received cash relating to Phase 1B (other than any de minimis amounts) (the Phase 1B Cash ). 
 20.31 Sinking Fund 
 (a) From the Operations Commencement Date, the Borrower shall, subject to maintaining a Minimum Cash Balance in accordance with Clause 20.30 Minimum Cash Balance above, procure that the Senior Borrower shall, distribute the maximum amount available for distribution to the Borrower under paragraph B.13 of section 6 of article 14 (Fund Management) of the Senior Facilities Agreement in the Approved Form (or any equivalent provision in the agreement then in place following the Permitted Refinancing of the Senior Facilities Agreement), provided that the Senior Borrower may prior to making such distribution, make any payment that is due and payable under the Mohegan Management Agreement and or the Development Services Agreement and permitted to be paid under paragraph (b)(iii) of Clause 20.13 Shares, Dividends and Share Redemption ). 
 (b) The Borrower shall, immediately deposit the Net Distribution Proceeds of such distribution from the Senior Borrower into a Blocked Account. 
 20.32 Phase 1B Spin-Off 
 Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, no breach, violation or other Default shall be deemed to occur under this Agreement as a result of any action, resolution, transaction (including but not limited to any disposal, payment, distribution) taken by the Shareholder, the Borrower, the Senior Borrower or any other member of the Group for the purposes of carrying out the Phase 1B Spin-off. 
 21. PROPERTY UNDERTAKINGS 
 The undertakings in this Clause 21 Property Undertakings remain in force from the Facility Agreement Date for so long as any amount is outstanding under the Finance Documents or any Commitment is in force and the Borrower shall ensure the Senior Borrower complies therewith. 
 21.1 Title 
 The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall exercise its rights relating to any covenant, burden, stipulation or obligation (restrictive or otherwise) at any time affecting the Property unless it is in the interests of good property management and commercially prudent not to do so. 
 21.2 Leasehold Interest 
 (a) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall 
 (i) comply with all laws and regulations to which the Leasehold Interest may be subject where failure to do so has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (ii) pay all rent, premium, administrative fees and all other fees payable to the IIAC or any Governmental Agency in respect of the Project and the Leasehold Interest as and when the same shall become payable under the Implementation Agreement or applicable law or regulation where failure to do so has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect 

(iii) comply with all relevant building, planning, and similar regulations and restrictions from time to time affecting the Project or any part thereof and any covenants and restrictions of a like nature in respect of the Leasehold Interest where failure to do so has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect and 
 (iv) notify the Agent of any actionable breach or default of the Implementation Agreement by the IIAC or the Senior Borrower and if any material dispute in relation to the Leasehold Interest arises or if the IIAC threatens to terminate the Leasehold Interest, promptly upon becoming aware of such matter. 
 (b) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall preserve and enforce the Leasehold Interest in a proper and timely manner unless it is in the interests of good project management and commercially prudent not to do so. 
 (c) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall not 
 (i) agree to any amendment or supplement or any surrender of any of the Leasehold Interest 
 (ii) exercise any right to break or determine the Leasehold Interest or 
 (iii) do or allow to be done any act as a result of which its land use rights of the Property may become liable to be terminated, 
 where failure to do so has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 21.3 Maintenance 
 The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower ensures that all buildings, plant, machinery, fixtures and fittings on the Property are maintained in good and substantial repair and condition and, as appropriate, in good working order (excepted, in each case, ordinary wear and tear) and, when necessary, replaced with items of similar quality and value, in each case where failure to do so has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that the Borrower shall not be considered to be in breach of this undertaking while the Development is being carried out by the Senior Borrower in accordance with this Agreement. 
 21.4 Reserved 
 21.5 Governmental Notices 
 The Borrower shall within 14 days after the Senior Borrower s receipt of any application, requirement, order or notice served or given by any public or local or any other authority or agencies of any Governmental Agency with respect to the Property (or any part of it) in relation to any event or circumstance which has or would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (a) deliver a copy of the same to the Security Agent and 
 (b) inform the Security Agent of the steps taken or proposed to be taken to comply with the relevant requirement, order or notice. 

21.6 Hotel Management 
 (a) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall arrange for the management of the Hotels in accordance with the standard of business, operations, leasing practices, procedures, care and skill customarily used by prudent international institutional investors for properties similar to the Hotels in the Republic of Korea. 
 (b) The Borrower shall ensure that the Senior Borrower may not 
 (i) appoint any Hotel Manager (other than Hanwha Hotels and Resorts Corp.) or 
 (ii) terminate the appointment of any Hotel Manager, 
 in each case other than any in accordance with any Permitted Replacement, without the prior written consent of, and on terms approved by, the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, following a selection process to be reasonably agreed between the Borrower and the Agent). Upon such appointment of a new Hotel Manager, or otherwise upon reasonable request of the Agent, the Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall promptly deliver a copy of the new or latest management agreement to the Agent. 
 (c) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower may not amend, supplement, extend or waive the terms of appointment of any Hotel Manager in any respect that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the interests of the Finance Parties without the prior written consent of, and on terms approved by, the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld). Upon such amendment, supplement, extension or waiver of the terms of appointment of any Hotel Manager, or otherwise upon reasonable request of the Agent, the Borrower shall (and shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall) promptly deliver a copy of the new or latest management agreement to the Agent. 
 21.7 Mohegan Management and Development Services 
 (a) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall manage the Project (other than management of the Hotel which is subject to Clause 21.6 Hotel Management in accordance with the standard of business, operations, procedures, care and skill customarily used by prudent international institutional investors for the properties and developments similar to the Project and the Development in the Republic of Korea. 
 (b) The Borrower shall ensure that the Senior Borrower may not 
 (i) appoint any Mohegan Manager (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, the Mohegan Manager appointed under the Mohegan Management Agreement or the Development Services Agreement) or 
 (ii) terminate the appointment of any Mohegan Manager, 
 without the prior written consent of, and on terms approved by, the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, following a selection process to be reasonably agreed between the Borrower and the Agent). Upon such appointment of a new Mohegan Manager, or otherwise upon reasonable request of the Agent, the 

Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall promptly deliver a copy of the new or latest management agreement to the Agent. 
 (c) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower may not amend, supplement, extend or waive the terms of appointment of any Mohegan Manager in any respect that would reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse effect on the interests of the Finance Parties without the prior written consent of, and on terms approved by, the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders). Upon such amendment, supplement, extension or waiver of the terms of appointment of any Mohegan Manager, or otherwise upon reasonable request of the Agent, the Borrower shall (and shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall) promptly deliver a copy of the new or latest management agreement to the Agent. 
 21.8 Insurances 
 The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower must maintain (or have the benefit of and procure the maintenance of (through group policies or otherwise)), at all times from the Utilisation Date and so long as any amount is outstanding under the Finance Documents or any Commitment is in force, Insurances in full force and effect on and in relation to its business and assets against those risks and as is usual for companies carrying on the same or substantially similar business to the Senior Borrower, provided that all Insurances must be with reputable, independent insurance companies or underwriters, experienced in facilities and properties of similar nature to the Project. 
 21.9 Environmental Matters 
 (a) The Borrower shall (and shall procure that the Senior Borrower must) 
 (i) comply and ensure that any relevant third party complies with all Environmental Law 
 (ii) obtain, maintain and ensure compliance with all requisite Environmental Permits applicable to it or to the Property and 
 (iii) implement procedures to monitor compliance with and to prevent liability under any Environmental Law applicable to it or the Property, 
 where failure to do so has or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or result in any liability for a Finance Party. 
 (b) The Borrower shall (and shall procure that the Senior Borrower must) promptly upon becoming aware, notify the Agent of 
 (i) any Environmental Claim started, or to its Knowledge, threatened in writing 
 (ii) any circumstances reasonably likely to result in an Environmental Claim or 
 (iii) any actual or proposed suspension, revocation, notification or modification of any Environmental Permit, 
 which, in each case, has or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

22. DEVELOPMENT UNDERTAKINGS 
 The undertakings in this Clause 22 Development Undertakings remain in force from the Facility Agreement Date for so long as any amount is outstanding under the Finance Documents or any Commitment is in force and are given by the Borrower which shall ensure the Senior Borrower complies therewith. 
 22.1 Completion and Operation 
 (a) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall ensure that 
 (i) subject to paragraph (b) below, the Development Completion occurs, and the Completion Inspection Approval is obtained, by no later than the Original Required Completion Date and 
 (ii) the Operations Commencement Date shall occur no later than the Required Operations Date. 
 (b) The Borrower may, by notice in writing to the Agent, extend the Original Required Completion Date to (i) a date falling no later than 8 (eight) weeks after the Original Required Completion Date (the First Extended Required Completion Date and (ii) a date falling no later than 4 (four) weeks after the First Extended Required Completion Date, provided that if the Borrower extends the Required Completion Date to a date after the First Extended Required Completion Date, the PIK Interest applicable to the Loan in respect of the period starting from the Original Required Completion Date until the date on which the Development Completion occurs and the Completion Inspection Approval has been obtained, shall be the rate which is 3.00 (three) per cent. per annum higher than the rate which would have been payable in respect of such period had the Required Completion Date not been so extended. 
 22.2 Development Consents and Authorisations 
 The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall duly and validly obtain and maintain, without amendment, all the material Development Consents required for the commencement and implementation of the Project, and if there are any material Development Consents yet to be obtained as of the date of this Agreement as are necessary for the performance of the Project, the Senior Borrower shall timely obtain such Development Consents. 
 22.3 Development 
 The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower must ensure that the Development for each phase is diligently carried out and completed in all material respects 
 (a) in accordance with the Project Plan, the Development Plan and the Specifications 
 (b) in accordance with the Development Consents and applicable law and 
 (c) in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, codes of practice and trade standards. 

22.4 Development Documents 
 (a) The Borrower shall (and shall procure that the Senior Borrower must) promptly 
 (i) notify the Agent and the Project Monitor of any proposed amendment, supplement, waiver or release in respect of any Specification (in each case, which is material) and 
 (ii) supply to the Agent and the Project Monitor copies of any such amendment, supplement, waiver or release made or given. 
 (b) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower may not amend, supplement, extend or waive any Development Document in any respect that would reasonably be expected to have materially adverse effect on the interests of the Finance Parties without the prior written consent of, and on terms approved by, the Agent. Upon such amendment, supplement, extension or waiver of the terms of such Development Document, or otherwise upon reasonable request of the Agent, the Borrower shall (and shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall) promptly deliver a copy of such amendment, supplement, extension or waiver document to the Agent. 
 22.5 Development Plan 
 The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower must ensure that there shall be no change to the Development Plan in any material respect without the prior written consent of the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). 
 22.6 Inspection Meetings 
 The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure the Project Monitor and any of its officers, employees and agents has reasonable access (subject to complying with all relevant safety procedures) to the Property at all reasonable times and on reasonable prior notice. 
 22.7 Development Parties 
 (a) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower must not 
 (i) appoint a Development Party (other than Hanwha Engineering & Construction Corp. as Contractor) or 
 (ii) terminate the appointment of a Development Party, or change the terms of its appointment in any material respect, 
 without the prior consent of, and on terms approved by, the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders, such consent and approval not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). 
 (b) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower must pass on to the Contractor, and use all reasonable efforts to ensure they have regard to, any recommendations of the Project Monitor as to the progress and implementation of the Development. 

22.8 Future Developments 
 (a) The Borrower shall procure that no member of the Group has any involvement or investment in any development plans or construction projects relating to any theme park or any other project development phase that does not constitute the Project, in each case without the prior written consent of the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders), provided that the Senior Borrower shall be permitted to take actions relating to the development and construction of Phase 1B in order to satisfy the requirements in Article 7-2 (1) and (2) of the Prerequisites of Notification of Eligibility and any other conditions the MCST may impose with respect to the issuance or the maintenance of the Final Casino License, provided that such actions would not reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse effect on the tax liabilities of the relevant member of the Group. 
 (b) The Borrower shall procure that the Senior Borrower or another entity shall (i) submit the Phase 1B Performance Guarantee Agreement to the MCST by no later than the then-applicable regulatory deadline for the application for the Final Casino License as approved by the MCST and (ii) submit the development plan to the MCST for the development of Phase 1B within 1 (one) year of obtaining the Final Casino License. 
 23. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 23 Events of Default is an Event of Default (save for Clause 23.20 Acceleration )). 
 23.1 Non-payment 
 The Shareholder, the Borrower or the Sponsor (under the Sponsor Indemnity) does not pay on the due date any amount payable pursuant to a Finance Document at the place and in the currency in which it is expressed to be payable unless its failure to pay is caused by a Disruption Event and payment is made within three Business Days of its due date. 
 23.2 Financial Covenants 
 Subject to Clause 19.5 Equity Cure ), any requirement of Clause 19 Financial Covenants is not satisfied. 
 23.3 Other Obligations 
 (a) The Shareholder, the Borrower or the Sponsor (under the Sponsor Indemnity) does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents (other than those referred to in paragraph (a) of Clause 22.1 Completion and Operation ), paragraphs (a) and (b) of Clause 20.26 Gambling and Regulatory Covenant ), Clause 23.1 Non-payment ), Clause 23.2 Financial Covenants )). 
 (b) No Event of Default under paragraph (a) above will occur if the failure to comply is capable of remedy and is remedied within 15 Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice to the Borrower and the Shareholder, the Borrower or the Sponsor (as applicable) becoming aware of the failure to comply. 
 23.4 Misrepresentation 
 (a) Any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Shareholder, the Borrower or the Sponsor (under the Sponsor Indemnity) in 

the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of the Shareholder, the Borrower or the Sponsor under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made. 
 (b) No Event of Default under paragraph (a) above will occur if the event or circumstance giving rise to the breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within 15 Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice to the Shareholder, the Borrower or the Sponsor (as applicable) and the Shareholder, the Borrower or the Sponsor (as applicable) becoming aware of the breach. 
 23.5 Breach of Warrant Agreement 
 (a) The Borrower and or the Shareholder does not comply with any provision of the Warrant Agreement in any material respect (to the extent any Lender holds any warrants issued thereunder at that time). 
 (b) No Event of Default under paragraph (a) above will occur if the event or circumstance giving rise to the breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within 15 Business Days of the earlier of (i) the Original Warrantholders (under and as defined in the Warrant Agreement) giving notice to the Borrower or the Shareholder (as applicable) and (ii) the Borrower or the Shareholder (as applicable) becoming aware of the breach. 
 23.6 Cross Default General 
 (a) Any Financial Indebtedness of any member of the Group is not paid when due (after the expiry of any originally applicable grace period). 
 (b) Any Financial Indebtedness of any member of the Group is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable or is placed on demand prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described). 
 (c) Any creditor of the Shareholder or any member of the Group becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness of that member of the Group due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described). 
 (d) No Event of Default under this Clause 23.6 Cross Default General in connection with such Financial Indebtedness will occur if the amount of such Financial Indebtedness is less than USD10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies). 
 (e) This Clause 23.6 Cross Default General does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness of any member of the Group incurred under a Material Financing Agreement. 
 23.7 Cross Default Cross Acceleration Material Financing Agreements 
 (a) An event of default occurs specified under any of the paragraphs A, E, F, H, I, S, T or V of Section 1 of Article 16 of the Senior Facilities Agreement or any equivalent provisions in any other Material Financing Agreement. 
 (b) An event of default occurs specified under any other paragraph of Section 1 of Article 16 of the Senior Facilities Agreement (other than paragraphs K and R thereof) or any equivalent provision in any other Material Financing Agreement. 

(c) Any of the creditors exercises any or all of its acceleration or enforcement rights remedies or powers under the Senior Facilities Agreement or any other Material Financing Agreement. 
 (d) No Event of Default under paragraph (b) above will occur if the event or circumstance giving rise to the breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within 15 Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice to the Borrower and the Borrower becoming aware of the breach. 
 23.8 Insolvency 
 (a) The Shareholder, any member of the Group or the Sponsor 
 (i) is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due 
 (ii) is deemed to, or is declared to, be unable to pay its debts under applicable law 
 (iii) suspends or threatens to suspend making payments on any of its debts or 
 (iv) by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors (excluding any Finance Party in their capacity as such) with a view to rescheduling any of its Financial Indebtedness. 
 (b) The value of the assets of the Shareholder, any member of the Group or the Sponsor is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities). 
 (c) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of the Shareholder, any member of the Group or the Sponsor. If a moratorium occurs in respect of the Shareholder, any member of the Group or the Sponsor, the ending of that moratorium will not remedy any Event of Default caused by the moratorium and, notwithstanding any other term of the Finance Documents, that Event of Default will continue to be continuing unless and until it is expressly waived in writing by the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Lenders). 
 23.9 Insolvency Proceedings 
 Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or formal step is taken in relation to 
 (a) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of the Shareholder or any member of the Group (other than the Senior Borrower) or the Sponsor other than a solvent liquidation or solvent reorganisation (including any shareholders or directors or similar officers meeting by the relevant member of the Group (other than the Senior Borrower) or the Sponsor approving the same) 
 (b) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor of the Shareholder, any member of the Group (other than the Senior Borrower) or the Sponsor 
 (c) the appointment of a liquidator, trustee in bankruptcy, judicial custodian, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other 

similar officer in respect of any member of the Group (other than the Senior Borrower) or the Sponsor or any of its assets or 
 (d) enforcement of any Security over any assets of the Shareholder or any member of the Group with an aggregate value in excess of USD 10,000,000, 
 or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. 
 This Clause 23.9 Insolvency Proceedings shall not apply to any such procedure or step which is or being contested in good faith, and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 15 Business Days of commencement. 
 23.10 Creditors Process 
 (a) Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, diligence, inhibition, arrestment, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of the Shareholder or the Borrower having an aggregate value higher than USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
 (b) This Clause 23.10 Creditors Process shall not apply if such creditors process is being contested in good faith and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 15 Business Days. 
 23.11 Cessation of Business 
 The Senior Borrower or the Borrower ceases to carry on all or substantially all of its business for 30 consecutive calendar days except as a result of any disposal allowed under this Agreement. 
 23.12 Unlawfulness and Invalidity 
 (a) It is or becomes unlawful for the Shareholder, the Borrower or the Sponsor to perform any of its obligations under the Finance Documents to which it is a party or, subject to the Legal Reservations and the Perfection Requirements, the Transaction Security created or expressed to be created or evidenced by the Security Documents ceases to be effective or, subject to the Legal Reservations and the Perfection Requirements, any subordination created under any Subordination and Assignment Deed is or becomes unlawful. 
 (b) Subject to the Legal Reservations and Perfection Requirements, any obligation or obligations of the Shareholder, the Borrower or the Sponsor under any Finance Documents to which it is a party are not or cease to be legal, valid, binding or enforceable and the cessation individually or cumulatively materially and adversely affects the interests of the Finance Parties under the Finance Documents. 
 (c) Subject to the Legal Reservations and the Perfection Requirements, any Finance Document ceases to be in full force and effect or any Transaction Security or any subordination created under any Subordination and Assignment Deed ceases to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable or effective or is alleged in writing by a party to it (other than a Finance Party) to be ineffective in any material respect. 
 (d) Any waiver of sovereign immunity by the Shareholder, the Borrower or the Sponsor under the Finance Documents to which it is a party ceases to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable or effective or is alleged by a party to it (other than a Finance Party) to be ineffective, whether due to any change of law or otherwise. 

23.13 Repudiation and Rescission 
 The Shareholder, the Borrower or the Sponsor rescinds or purports to rescind or repudiates or purports to rescind or repudiate a Finance Document to which it is a party or any of the Transaction Security or evidences an intention in writing to rescind or repudiate a Finance Document to which it is a party or any Transaction Security. 
 23.14 Compulsory Purchase or other Appropriation 
 Any material part of any Property is confiscated, compulsorily purchased, expropriated, or appropriated or the applicable Governmental Agency makes an order for such an action in respect of all or any material part of the Property. 
 23.15 Material Contracts 
 (a) Any party to a Material Contract is in breach of its obligations thereunder. 
 (b) Any Material Contract is terminated prior to the expiry of its term (other than (i) at the direction of the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) or (ii) in respect of the Hotel Management Agreement, pursuant to a Permitted Replacement), ceases to be in full force and effect, or is or becomes unlawful or unenforceable or the performance of or compliance with any obligation under any Material Contract is or becomes unlawful or unenforceable. 
 (c) No Event of Default will occur under this Clause 23.15 Material Contracts if any such event does not have or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and, if capable of being remedied, is remedied within 15 Business Days. 
 23.16 Material Adverse Change 
 Any event or circumstance or series of events or circumstances occurs which has or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 23.17 Litigation 
 Any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings are commenced or threatened against the Shareholder or any member of the Group or any of their respective assets which, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 23.18 Audit Qualification 
 The auditors of the Borrower, the Senior Borrower or the Sponsor qualify the audited annual financial statements of the Borrower, the Senior Borrower or the Sponsor (as applicable) in a manner or to an extent which has or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 23.19 Material Financing Agreement Amendment 
 Any amendment, deferral, extension, modification, increase, renewal, replacement, consolidation, supplement or waiver (each a Material Amendment of any Material Financing Agreement (other than pursuant to a Permitted Refinancing) which would reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse effect on the 

interests of a Finance Party under the Finance Documents, including (without limitation) 
 (a) increasing the interest rate or principal amount thereof 
 (b) allowing to exist or allowing any of the creditors under such Material Financing Agreement receiving the benefit of any security, charge, guarantee, indemnity or other assurance against loss in respect of any secured obligations under any such Material Financing Agreement, except any Permitted Security specified under paragraphs (b) to (h) of the definition thereof 
 (c) shortening the scheduled maturity date of the Material Financing Agreement 
 (d) modifying, amending or waiving the terms and provisions of the Material Financing Agreements relating to distributions and restricted payments in a manner that is less favourable to the Lenders than those applicable to the Senior Facilities Agreement in the Approved Form without the Agent s consent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) 
 (e) modifying, amending or waiving any provision of the Material Financing Agreements or consenting to any transfer or assignment of commitments of any creditor under any Material Financing Agreement that is not in compliance with the terms of the Intercreditor Side Letter 
 (f) in respect of any Material Amendment of the Hanwha Convertible Bond Documents, increasing the percentage of shares in the Senior Borrower that may be subject to any conversion thereunder to more than five per cent. 
 (g) imposing any new or additional fees not provided for in the Material Financing Agreements in the Approved Form and 
 (h) an amendment of any terms defined in the Senior Finance Documents which are used or incorporated by reference in this Agreement or the provisions of Section 2 Construction of the Senior Facilities Agreement. 
 23.20 Acceleration 
 On and at any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing the Agent may, and shall if so directed by the Majority Lenders, by notice to the Borrower 
 (a) cancel all or any part of the Commitments whereupon they shall immediately be cancelled 
 (b) declare that all or part of the Loans, together with accrued interest, and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall become immediately due and payable 
 (c) declare that all or part of the Loans be payable on demand, whereupon they shall immediately become payable on demand by the Agent acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders and or 
 (d) exercise or direct the Security Agent to exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers or discretions under the Finance Documents. 

24. PROVISIONS IN RELATION TO GAMING BOARDS 
 24.1 Gaming Boards 
 If any Lender s participation in the Facility would violate the applicable gaming license and suitability requirements imposed from time to time by the applicable Governmental Agencies to the extent such violation would result in the failure of the Sponsor or its Subsidiaries to maintain their respective gambling, gaming or casino licenses in the relevant jurisdictions, as evidenced by a formal written notice stipulating the same from the applicable Governmental Agencies addressed to such Lender, the Sponsor, any Sponsor Affiliate or their respective applicable Subsidiaries specifically naming such Lender (and promptly delivered by the Sponsor or such Sponsor Affiliate or Subsidiary to such Lender), such Lender shall use its reasonable best efforts to cooperate with the Sponsor or the relevant Sponsor Affiliate and the relevant Governmental Agency and provide the relevant Governmental Agency with such information as they may reasonably request (other than any personal financial information of any ultimate beneficial owner, director, officer, employee or representative of the Lender, or any other information that the Lender is prohibited from disclosing under any existing confidentiality undertaking or internal policy), provided, that such Lender shall have the right to review all material filings, submissions and written correspondence with the applicable Governmental Agencies and the Borrower shall procure that the Sponsor and the relevant Sponsor Affiliate shall exercise all reasonable endeavours to procure that such Lender shall be given reasonable opportunity to communicate with the relevant Governmental Agency or any official, employee or representative thereof, in connection with any matter with respect to its participation or potential participation in the Facility and the right, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to challenge, appeal or otherwise dispute the decision of the applicable Governmental Agencies and the Borrower shall procure that the Sponsor or the relevant Sponsor Affiliate shall have exercised all reasonable endeavours to procure direct communications (including in-person meetings) between such Lender and the relevant Governmental Agencies. 
 If such Governmental Agency requests in writing that the relevant Lender ceases its participation in the Facility with reasonable cause, the Borrower may repay all but not less than all of the Loans of such Lender together with accrued interest and all amounts owing under the Finance Documents, other than (in respect of any Lender other than Bain SPV or its Affiliates or Related Funds) any Prepayment Fee. 
 25. CHANGES TO THE LENDERS 
 25.1 Assignments, Transfers and Sub-participations by the Lenders 
 Subject to this Clause 25, a Lender (the Existing Lender may 
 (a) assign any of its rights or 
 (b) transfer by novation any of its rights and obligations or 
 (c) sub-participate or sub-contract any of its rights and obligations, 
 to any other person other than an individual (the New Lender ). 
 25.2 Borrower consent 
 (a) Provided no Event of Default is continuing, the consent of the Borrower is required for an assignment, transfer, sub-participation or sub-contract by an Existing Lender if the proposed New Lender is a Competitor. 

(b) For the purposes of this Agreement 
 Competitor means, at any time, any person who is specified in Schedule 9 Competitors and any other gaming operator in Asia that could reasonably be considered to be a competitor of the Senior Borrower that the Borrower requests (acting reasonably) in writing to be designated as a Competitor , provided that the Borrower shall not be permitted to designate more than 3 new persons as Competitors in any given financial year (starting from the financial year beginning in 2022) and provided, further, that any person specified in Schedule 9 that is not, or ceases to become, a gaming operator in Asia shall be deemed removed from Schedule 9. 
 25.3 Conditions of assignment or transfer 
 (a) An assignment will only be effective on 
 (i) receipt by the Agent (whether in the Assignment Agreement or otherwise) of written confirmation from the New Lender (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent) that the New Lender will assume the same obligations to the other Finance Parties as it would have been under if it had been an Original Lender and 
 (ii) performance by the Agent of all necessary know your customer or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations in relation to such assignment to a New Lender, the completion of which the Agent shall promptly notify to the Existing Lender and the New Lender. 
 (b) A transfer will only be effective if the procedure set out in Clause 25.6 Procedure for transfer is complied with. 
 (c) If 
 (i) a Lender assigns or transfers any of its rights or obligations, or sub-participates or subcontracts any of its interests, under the Finance Documents or changes its Facility Office and 
 (ii) as a result of circumstances existing at the date the assignment, transfer, sub-participation, sub-contracting or change occurs, the Borrower would be obliged to make a payment to the New Lender or Lender acting through its new Facility Office under Clause 11.2 Tax gross-up ), Clause 11.3 Tax Indemnity or Clause 12 Increased costs or the Shareholder would be obliged to make a payment to the New Lender or Lender acting through its new Facility Office under Clause 11.2 Tax gross-up ), 
 then the New Lender or Lender acting through its new Facility Office is only entitled to receive payment under those Clauses to the same extent as the Existing Lender or Lender acting through its previous Facility Office would have been if the assignment, transfer, sub-participation, sub-contracting or change had not occurred. This paragraph (c) shall not apply 
 (i) in respect of an assignment or transfer made in the ordinary course of the primary syndication of the Facility or 

(ii) in relation to Clause 11.2 Tax gross-up ), to a Treaty Lender that has included a confirmation of its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with paragraph (g)(ii)(B) of Clause 11.2 Tax gross-up if the Borrower has not made a Borrower DTTP Filing in respect of that Treaty Lender. 
 (d) Each New Lender, by executing the relevant Transfer Certificate or Assignment Agreement, confirms, for the avoidance of doubt, that it is bound by the Sponsor Indemnity and the Intercreditor Side Letter and that the Agent has authority to execute on its behalf any amendment or waiver in respect of any Finance Document that has been approved by or on behalf of the requisite Lender or Lenders in accordance with this Agreement on or prior to the date on which the transfer or assignment becomes effective in accordance with this Agreement and that it is bound by that decision to the same extent as the Existing Lender would have been had it remained a Lender. 
 25.4 Assignment or transfer fee 
 (a) The New Lender shall, on the date upon which an assignment or transfer takes effect, pay to the Agent (for its own account) a fee of USD 1,000. 
 (b) No fee is payable pursuant to paragraph (a) above if 
 (i) the Agent agrees that no fee is payable or 
 (ii) the assignment or transfer is made by an Existing Lender 
 (A) to an Affiliate of that Existing Lender 
 (B) to a fund which is a Related Fund of that Existing Lender or 
 (iii) in connection with primary syndication of the Facility. 
 25.5 Limitation of responsibility of Existing Lenders 
 (a) Unless expressly agreed to the contrary, an Existing Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility to a New Lender for 
 (i) the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or enforceability of the Finance Documents or any other documents 
 (ii) the financial condition of the Borrower 
 (iii) the performance and observance by the Borrower of its obligations under the Finance Documents or any other documents or 
 (iv) the accuracy of any statements (whether written or oral) made in or in connection with any Finance Document or any other document, 
 and any representations or warranties implied by law are excluded. 
 (b) Each New Lender confirms to the Existing Lender and the other Finance Parties that it 
 (i) has made (and shall continue to make) its own independent investigation and assessment of the financial condition and affairs of the Group and its related entities (including, without limitation, the 

Sponsor and the Tribe) in connection with its participation in this Agreement and has not relied exclusively on any information provided to it by the Existing Lender in connection with any Finance Document and 
 (ii) will continue to make its own independent appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Borrower and its related entities whilst any amount is or may be outstanding under the Finance Documents or any Commitment is in force. 
 (c) Nothing in any Finance Document obliges an Existing Lender to 
 (i) accept a re-transfer or re-assignment from a New Lender of any of the rights and obligations assigned or transferred under this Clause 25 or 
 (ii) support any losses directly or indirectly incurred by the New Lender by reason of the non-performance by the Borrower of its obligations under the Finance Documents or otherwise. 
 25.6 Procedure for transfer 
 (a) Subject to Clause 25.2 Borrower consent and the conditions set out in Clause 25.3 Conditions of assignment or transfer a transfer is effected in accordance with paragraph (c) below when the Agent executes an otherwise duly completed Transfer Certificate delivered to it by the Existing Lender and the New Lender. The Agent shall, subject to paragraph (b) below, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt by it of a duly completed Transfer Certificate appearing on its face to comply with the terms of this Agreement and delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, execute that Transfer Certificate. 
 (b) The Agent shall only be obliged to execute a Transfer Certificate delivered to it by the Existing Lender and the New Lender once it is satisfied it has complied with all necessary know your customer or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations in relation to the transfer to such New Lender. 
 (c) On the Transfer Date 
 (i) to the extent that in the Transfer Certificate the Existing Lender seeks to transfer by novation its rights and obligations under the Finance Documents the Borrower and the Existing Lender shall be released from further obligations towards one another under the Finance Documents and their respective rights against one another under the Finance Documents shall be cancelled (being the Discharged Rights and Obligations 
 (ii) the Borrower and the New Lender shall assume obligations towards one another and or acquire rights against one another which differ from the Discharged Rights and Obligations only insofar as the Borrower and the New Lender have assumed and or acquired the same in place of the Borrower and the Existing Lender 
 (iii) the Agent, the New Lender and other Lenders shall acquire the same rights and assume the same obligations between themselves as they would have acquired and assumed had the New Lender been an Original Lender with the rights and or obligations acquired or assumed by it as a result of the transfer and to that extent the Agent and the 

Existing Lender shall each be released from further obligations to each other under the Finance Documents and 
 (iv) the New Lender shall become a Party as a Lender . 
 25.7 Procedure for assignment 
 (a) Subject to Clause 25.2 Borrower consent and the conditions set out in Clause 25.3 Conditions of assignment or transfer an assignment may be effected in accordance with paragraph (c) below when the Agent executes an otherwise duly completed Assignment Agreement delivered to it by the Existing Lender and the New Lender. The Agent shall, subject to paragraph (b) below, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt by it of a duly completed Assignment Agreement appearing on its face to comply with the terms of this Agreement and delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, execute that Assignment Agreement. 
 (b) The Agent shall only be obliged to execute an Assignment Agreement delivered to it by the Existing Lender and the New Lender once it is satisfied it has complied with all necessary know your customer or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations in relation to the assignment to such New Lender. 
 (c) On the Transfer Date 
 (i) the Existing Lender will assign absolutely to the New Lender the rights under the Finance Documents expressed to be the subject of the assignment in the Assignment Agreement 
 (ii) the Existing Lender will be released by the Borrower, the Shareholder, the Sponsor and the other Finance Parties from the obligations owed by it (the Relevant Obligations and expressed to be the subject of the release in the Assignment Agreement and 
 (iii) the New Lender shall become a Party as a Lender and will be bound by obligations equivalent to the Relevant Obligations. 
 (d) Lenders may utilise procedures other than those set out in this Clause 25.7 to assign their rights under the Finance Documents (but not without the consent of the Borrower or unless in accordance with Clause 25.6 Procedure for transfer ), to obtain a release by the Borrower from the obligations owed to the Borrower by the Lenders nor the assumption of equivalent obligations by a New Lender) provided that they comply with the conditions set out in Clause 25.3 Conditions of assignment or transfer ). 
 25.8 Copy of Transfer Certificate or Assignment Agreement to Borrower 
 The Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after it has executed a Transfer Certificate or an Assignment Agreement, send to the Borrower a copy of that Transfer Certificate or Assignment Agreement. 
 25.9 Security over Lenders rights 
 In addition to the other rights provided to Lenders under this Clause 25, each Lender may without consulting with or obtaining consent from the Borrower, at any time charge, assign or otherwise create Security in or over (whether by way of collateral or 

otherwise) all or any of its rights under any Finance Document to secure obligations of that Lender including, without limitation 
 (a) any charge, assignment or other Security to secure obligations to a federal reserve or central bank and 
 (b) any charge, assignment or other Security granted to any holders (or trustee or representatives of holders) of obligations owed, or securities issued, by that Lender as security for those obligations or securities, 
 except that no such charge, assignment or Security shall 
 (i) release a Lender from any of its obligations under the Finance Documents or substitute the beneficiary of the relevant charge, assignment or Security for the Lender as a party to any of the Finance Documents or 
 (c) require any payments to be made by the Borrower other than or in excess of, or grant to any person any more extensive rights than, those required to be made or granted to the relevant Lender under the Finance Documents. 
 26. RESTRICTION ON DEBT PURCHASE TRANSACTIONS 
 26.1 Prohibition on Debt Purchase Transactions by the Group 
 The Borrower may not, and must procure that each other member of the Group does not, enter into any Debt Purchase Transaction or beneficially own all or any part of the share capital of a company that is a Lender or a party to a Debt Purchase Transaction of the type referred to in paragraphs (ii) or (iii) of the definition of Debt Purchase Transaction. 
 27. CHANGES TO THE OBLIGORS 
 Neither the Shareholder nor Borrower may assign any of their respective rights or transfer any of their respective rights or obligations under the Finance Documents. 
 28. CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY THE LENDERS 
 No provision of this Agreement will 
 (a) interfere with the right of any Finance Party to arrange their affairs (tax or otherwise) in whatever manner they think fit 
 (b) oblige any Finance Party to investigate or claim any credit, relief, remission or repayment available to them or the extent, order and manner of any claim 
 (c) oblige any Finance Party to disclose any information relating to their affairs (tax or otherwise) or any computations in respect of Tax or 
 (d) oblige any Finance Party to do anything which in their opinion will or may be contrary to any relevant law, directive or regulation of any jurisdiction and the Finance Parties may do anything which is, in their opinion, necessary to comply with any such law, directive or regulation. 

29. ROLE OF THE AGENT AND THE SECURITY AGENT 
 29.1 The Agent and the Security Agent 
 (a) Each of the Lenders appoints the Agent to act as its agent under and in connection with the Finance Documents. 
 (b) The Security Agent declares that it holds the Security Property on trust for the Secured Parties on the terms contained in this Agreement. 
 (c) Each of the Finance Parties authorises the Agent and the Security Agent to perform the duties, obligations and responsibilities and to exercise the rights, powers, authorities and discretions specifically given to the Agent and the Security Agent (as applicable) under or in connection with the Finance Documents together with any other incidental rights, powers, authorities and discretions. 
 29.2 Enforcement through Security Agent only 
 The Secured Parties shall not have any independent power to enforce, or have recourse to, any of the Transaction Security or to exercise any right, power, authority or discretion arising under the Security Documents except through the Security Agent. 
 29.3 Instructions 
 (a) Each of the Agent and the Security Agent shall 
 (i) unless a contrary indication appears in a Finance Document, exercise or refrain from exercising any right, power, authority or discretion vested in it as Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) in accordance with any instructions given to it by 
 (A) all Lenders if the relevant Finance Document stipulates the matter is an all Lender decision and 
 (B) in all other cases, the Majority Lenders and 
 (ii) not be liable for any act (or omission) if it acts (or refrains from acting) in accordance with paragraph (i) above (or, if this Agreement stipulates the matter is a decision for any other Finance Party or group of Finance Parties, from that Finance Party or group of Finance Parties). 
 (b) Each of the Agent and the Security Agent shall be entitled to request instructions, or clarification of any instruction, from the Majority Lenders (or, if the relevant Finance Document stipulates the matter is a decision for any other Finance Party or group of Finance Parties, from that Finance Party or group of Finance Parties) as to whether, and in what manner, it should exercise or refrain from exercising any right, power, authority or discretion and the Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) may refrain from acting unless and until it receives any such instructions or clarification that it has requested. 
 (c) Save in the case of decisions stipulated to be a matter for any other Finance Party or group of Finance Parties under the relevant Finance Document and unless a contrary indication appears in a Finance Document, any instructions given to the Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) by the Majority Lenders shall override any conflicting instructions given by any other Parties and will be binding on all Finance Parties. 

(d) Paragraph (a) above shall not apply 
 (i) where a contrary indication appears in a Finance Document 
 (ii) where a Finance Document requires the Agent or the Security Agent to act in a specified manner or to take a specified action 
 (iii) in respect of any provision which protects the Agent s or Security Agent s own position in its personal capacity as opposed to its role of Agent or Security Agent for the relevant Finance Parties or Secured Parties (as applicable) including, without limitation, Clause 29.5 No fiduciary duties to Clause 29.10 Exclusion of liability ), Clause 29.13 Confidentiality to Clause 29.21 Custodians and nominees and Clause 29.24 Acceptance of title to Clause 29.27 Disapplication of Trustee Acts 
 (iv) in respect of the exercise of the Security Agent s discretion to exercise a right, power or authority under any of 
 (A) Clause 30.1 Order of application 
 (B) Clause 30.2 Prospective liabilities and 
 (C) Clause 30.5 Permitted deductions ). 
 (e) If giving effect to instructions given by the Majority Lenders would (in the Agent s or (as applicable) the Security Agent s opinion) have an effect equivalent to an amendment or waiver referred to in Clause 38 Amendments and Waivers ), the Agent or (as applicable) Security Agent shall not act in accordance with those instructions unless consent to it so acting is obtained from each Party (other than the Agent or Security Agent) whose consent would have been required in respect of that amendment or waiver. 
 (f) In exercising any discretion to exercise a right, power or authority under the Finance Documents where either 
 (i) it has not received any instructions as to the exercise of that discretion or 
 (ii) the exercise of that discretion is subject to paragraph (d)(iv) above, 
 the Agent or Security Agent shall do so having regard to the interests of (in the case of the Agent) all the Finance Parties and (in the case of the Security Agent) all the Secured Parties. 
 (g) The Agent or the Security Agent (as applicable) may refrain from acting in accordance with any instructions of any Finance Party or group of Finance Parties until it has received any indemnification and or security that it may in its discretion require (which may be greater in extent than that contained in the Finance Documents and which may include payment in advance) for any cost, loss or liability (together with any applicable VAT) which it may incur in complying with those instructions. 
 (h) Without prejudice to the remainder of this Clause 29.3 Instructions in the absence of instructions, each of the Agent and the Security Agent may act (or refrain from acting) as it considers to be in the best interest of (in the case of 

the Agent) the Finance Parties and (in the case of the Security Agent) the Secured Parties. 
 (i) Neither the Agent nor the Security Agent is authorised to act on behalf of a Finance Party (without first obtaining that Finance Party s consent) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to any Finance Document. This paragraph (i) shall not apply to any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation or protection of rights under the Security Documents or enforcement of the Transaction Security or Security Documents. 
 29.4 Duties of the Agent and the Security Agent 
 (a) The duties of the Agent and the Security Agent under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature. 
 (b) Subject to paragraph (c) below, each of the Agent and the Security Agent shall promptly forward to a Party the original or a copy of any document which is delivered to the Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) for that Party by any other Party. 
 (c) Without prejudice to Clause 25 Changes to the Lenders ), paragraph (b) above shall not apply to any assignment agreement. 
 (d) Except where a Finance Document specifically provides otherwise, neither the Agent nor the Security Agent is obliged to review or check the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of any document it forwards to another Party. 
 (e) If the Agent or the Security Agent receives notice from a Party referring to any Finance Document, describing a Default and stating that the circumstance described is a Default, it shall promptly notify the other Finance Parties. 
 (f) If the Agent is aware of the non-payment of any principal, interest, commitment fee or other fee payable to a Finance Party (other than the Agent or the Security Agent) under this Agreement, it shall promptly notify the other Finance Parties. 
 (g) The Agent shall provide to the Borrower promptly upon request by the Borrower, a list (which may be in electronic form) setting out the names of the Lenders as at the date of that request, their respective Commitments, the address (and the department or officer, if any, for whose attention any communication is to be made) of each Lender for any communication to be made or document to be delivered under or in connection with the Finance Documents, the electronic mail address and or any other information required to enable the sending and receipt of information by electronic mail or other electronic means to and by each Lender to whom any communication under or in connection with the Finance Documents may be made by that means and the account details of each Lender for any payment to be distributed by the Agent to that Lender under the Finance Documents. 
 (h) Each of the Agent and the Security Agent shall have only those duties, obligations and responsibilities expressly specified in the Finance Documents to which it is expressed to be a party (and no others shall be implied). 
 29.5 No fiduciary duties 
 (a) Nothing in any Finance Document constitutes 

(i) the Agent as a trustee or fiduciary of any other person or 
 (ii) the Security Agent as an agent, trustee or fiduciary of the Sponsor, Shareholder, Borrower or Senior Borrower. 
 (b) Neither the Agent nor the Security Agent shall be bound to account to any other Finance Party or (in the case of the Security Agent) any Secured Party for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by it for its own account. 
 29.6 Business with the Group 
 The Agent and the Security Agent may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of banking or other business with the Borrower, Senior Borrower or an Affiliate of the Borrower or Senior Borrower. 
 29.7 Rights and discretions 
 (a) Each of the Agent and the Security Agent may 
 (i) rely on any representation, communication, notice or document believed by it to be genuine, correct and appropriately authorised 
 (ii) assume that 
 (A) any instructions received by it from the Majority Lenders, any Finance Parties or any group of Finance Parties are duly given in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents and 
 (B) unless it has received notice of revocation, that those instructions have not been revoked and 
 (iii) rely on a certificate from any person 
 (A) as to any matter of fact or circumstance which might reasonably be expected to be within the knowledge of that person or 
 (B) to the effect that such person approves of any particular dealing, transaction, step, action or thing, 
 as sufficient evidence that that is the case and, in the case of paragraph (A) above may assume the truth and accuracy of that certificate. 
 (b) Each of the Agent and the Security Agent may assume (unless it has received notice to the contrary in its capacity as agent or security trustee for the Finance Parties or Secured Parties) that 
 (i) no Default has occurred (unless, in the case of the Agent, it has actual knowledge of a Default arising under Clause 23.1 Non-payment 
 (ii) any right, power, authority or discretion vested in any Party or any group of Finance Parties has not been exercised and 
 (iii) any notice or request made by the Borrower (other than a Utilisation Request) is made on behalf of and with the consent and knowledge of 

any other obligors as may be party to this Agreement from time to time. 
 (c) Each of the Agent and the Security Agent may engage and pay for the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants, tax advisers, surveyors or other professional advisers or experts. 
 (d) Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (c) above or paragraph (e) below, each of the Agent and the Security Agent may at any time engage and pay for the services of any lawyers to act as independent counsel to the Agent or Security Agent (as applicable), (and so separate from any lawyers instructed by the Lenders) if the Agent or Security Agent (as applicable), in its reasonable opinion deems this to be desirable. 
 (e) Each of the Agent and the Security Agent may rely on the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants, tax advisers, surveyors or other professional advisers or experts (whether obtained by the Agent or by the Security Agent or by any other Party) and shall not be liable for any damages, costs or losses to any person, any diminution in value or any liability whatsoever arising as a result of its so relying. 
 (f) Each of the Agent and the Security Agent may act in relation to the Finance Documents and the Security Property through its officers, employees and agents and shall not 
 (i) be liable for any error of judgment made by any such person or 
 (ii) be bound to supervise, or be in any way responsible for any loss incurred by reason of misconduct, omission or default on the part, of any such person, 
 unless such error or such loss was directly caused by the Agent s or the Security Agent s (as applicable gross negligence or wilful misconduct. 
 (g) Unless a Finance Document expressly provides otherwise each of the Agent and the Security Agent may disclose to any other Party any information it reasonably believes it has received as agent or security trustee under the Finance Documents. 
 (h) Notwithstanding any other provision of any Finance Document to the contrary, neither the Agent or the Security Agent is obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would, or might in its reasonable opinion, constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality. 
 (i) Notwithstanding any provision of any Finance Document to the contrary, neither the Agent nor the Security Agent is obliged to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties, obligations or responsibilities or the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 
 29.8 Responsibility for documentation 
 Neither the Agent or the Security Agent is responsible or liable for 

(a) the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of any information (whether oral or written) supplied by the Agent, the Security Agent, the Borrower, the Senior Borrower or any other person in or in connection with any Finance Document or the transactions contemplated in the Finance Documents or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Finance Document or 
 (b) the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or enforceability of any Finance Document or the Security Property or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Finance Document or the Security Property . 
 
 29.9 No duty to monitor 
 Neither the Agent nor the Security Agent shall be bound to enquire 
 (a) whether or not any Default has occurred 
 (b) as to the performance, default or any breach by any Party of its obligations under any Finance Document or 
 (c) whether any other event specified in any Finance Document has occurred. 
 29.10 Exclusion of liability 
 (a) Without limiting paragraph (b) below (and without prejudice to any other provision of any Finance Document excluding or limiting the liability of the Agent, the Security Agent or any Receiver or Delegate, none of the Agent, the Security Agent nor any Receiver or Delegate will be liable for 
 (i) any damages, costs or losses to any person, any diminution in value, or any liability whatsoever arising as a result of taking or not taking any action under or in connection with any Finance Document or the Security Property, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct 
 (ii) exercising, or not exercising, any right, power, authority or discretion given to it by, or in connection with, any Finance Document, the Security Property or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with, any Finance Document or the Security Property 
 (iii) any shortfall which arises on the enforcement or realisation of the Security Property or 
 (iv) without prejudice to the generality of paragraphs (i) to (iii) above, any damages, costs or losses to any person, any diminution in value or any liability whatsoever arising as a result of 
 (A) any act, event or circumstance not reasonably within its control or 
 (B) the general risks of investment in, or the holding of assets in, any jurisdiction, 

including (in each case and without limitation) such damages, costs, losses, diminution in value or liability arising as a result of nationalisation, expropriation or other governmental actions any regulation, currency restriction, devaluation or fluctuation market conditions affecting the execution or settlement of transactions or the value of assets (including any Disruption Event) breakdown, failure or malfunction of any third party transport, telecommunications, computer services or systems natural disasters or acts of God war, terrorism, insurrection or revolution or strikes or industrial action. 
 
 (b) No Party (other than the Agent, the Security Agent, that Receiver or that Delegate (as applicable)) may take any proceedings against any officer, employee or agent of the Agent, the Security Agent, a Receiver or a Delegate, in respect of any claim it might have against the Agent, the Security Agent, a Receiver or a Delegate or in respect of any act or omission of any kind by that officer, employee or agent in relation to any Finance Document or any Security Property. 
 (c) Neither the Agent nor the Security Agent will be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required under the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent or the Security Agent (as applicable) if the Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent or the Security Agent (as applicable) for that purpose. 
 (d) Nothing in this Agreement shall oblige the Agent or the Security Agent to carry out 
 (i) any know your customer or other checks in relation to any person or 
 (ii) any check on the extent to which any transaction contemplated by this Agreement might be unlawful for any Finance Party, 
 on behalf of any Finance Party and each Finance Party confirms to the Agent and the Security Agent that it is solely responsible for any such checks it is required to carry out and that it may not rely on any statement in relation to such checks made by the Agent or the Security Agent. 
 
 (e) Without prejudice to any provision of any Finance Document excluding or limiting the liability of the Agent, the Security Agent, any Receiver or Delegate, any liability of the Agent, the Security Agent, any Receiver or Delegate arising under or in connection with any Finance Document or the Security Property shall be limited to the amount of actual loss which has been finally judicially determined to have been suffered (as determined by reference to the date of default of the Agent, the Security Agent, Receiver or Delegate or, if later, the date on which the loss arises as a result of such default) but without reference to any special conditions or circumstances known to the Agent, the Security Agent, any Receiver or Delegate at any time which increase the amount of that loss. In no event shall the Agent, the Security Agent, any Receiver or Delegate be liable for any loss of profits, goodwill, reputation, business opportunity or anticipated saving, or for special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages, whether or not the Agent, the Security 

Agent, the Receiver or Delegate has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages. 
 29.11 Lenders indemnity to the Agent and Security Agent 
 (a) Each Lender shall (in proportion to its share of the Total Commitments or, if the Total Commitments are then zero, to its share of the Total Commitments immediately prior to their reduction to zero) indemnify the Agent, the Security Agent and every Receiver and every Delegate, within three Business Days of demand, against any cost, loss or liability incurred by any of them (otherwise than by reason of the Agent s, the Security Agent s or the Receiver s or the Delegate s gross negligence or wilful misconduct), notwithstanding the Agent s negligence, gross negligence or any other category of liability whatsoever but not including any claim based on the fraud of the Agent) in acting as Agent, Security Agent, Receiver or Delegate under the Finance Documents (unless the relevant Agent, Security Agent, Receiver or Delegate has been reimbursed by the Borrower pursuant to a Finance Document). 
 (b) Subject to paragraph (c) below, the Borrower shall immediately on demand reimburse any Lender for any payment that Lender makes to the Agent or the Security Agent pursuant to paragraph (a) above. 
 (c) Paragraph (b) shall not apply to the extent that the indemnity payment in respect of which that Lender claims reimbursement relates to a liability of the Agent or the Security Agent to the Borrower or Senior Borrower. 
 29.12 Resignation of the Agent and the Security Agent 
 (a) Each of the Agent and the Security Agent may resign and appoint one of its Affiliates acting as successor by giving notice to the other Finance Parties and the Borrower. 
 (b) Alternatively the Agent or the Security Agent may resign by giving 30 days notice to the other Finance Parties and the Borrower, in which case the Majority Lenders (after consultation with the other Finance Parties and the Borrower) may appoint a successor Agent or Security Agent (as applicable). 
 (c) If the Majority Lenders have not appointed a successor Agent or Security Agent in accordance with paragraph (b) above within 20 days after notice of resignation was given, the retiring Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) (after consultation with the other Finance Parties and the Borrower) may appoint a successor Agent or Security Agent (as applicable). 
 (d) If the Agent wishes to resign because (acting reasonably) it has concluded that it is no longer appropriate for it to remain as agent and the Agent is entitled to appoint a successor Agent under paragraph (c) above, the Agent may (if it concludes (acting reasonably) that it is necessary to do so in order to persuade the proposed successor Agent to become a party to this Agreement as Agent) agree with the proposed successor Agent amendments to this Clause 29 and any other term of this Agreement dealing with the rights or obligations of the Agent that are reasonably acceptable to the Borrower and consistent with then current market practice for the appointment and protection of corporate trustees together with any reasonable amendments to the agency fee payable under this Agreement which are consistent with the successor Agent s normal fee rates and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower and those amendments will bind the Parties. 

(e) The retiring Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent or Security Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) under the Finance Documents. 
 (f) The resignation notice of the Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) shall only take effect upon 
 (i) the appointment of a successor and 
 (ii) (in the case of the Security Agent) the transfer of the Security Property to that successor. 
 (g) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents (other than its obligations under paragraph (b) of Clause 29.25 (Winding up of trust) and (e) above but shall remain entitled to the benefit of Clause 13.3 Indemnity to the Agent ), Clause 13.4 Indemnity to the Security Agent and this Clause 29 (and any fees for the account of the retiring Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) shall cease to accrue from (and shall be payable on) that date). Any successor and each of the other Parties shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves as they would have had if such successor had been an original Party. 
 (h) After consultation with the Borrower, the Majority Lenders may, by giving 30 days notice to the Agent or Security Agent (as applicable), require it to resign in accordance with paragraph (b) above. In this event, the Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) shall resign in accordance with paragraph (b) above. 
 (i) The Agent shall resign in accordance with paragraph (b) above (and, to the extent applicable, shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint a successor Agent pursuant to paragraph (c) above) if on or after the date which is three months before the earliest FATCA Application Date relating to any payment to the Agent under the Finance Documents, either 
 (i) the Agent fails to respond to a request under Clause 11.8 (FATCA Information and the Borrower or a Lender reasonably believes that the Agent will not be (or will have ceased to be) a FATCA Exempt Party on or after that FATCA Application Date 
 (ii) the information supplied by the Agent pursuant to Clause 11.8 FATCA Information indicates that the Agent will not be (or will have ceased to be) a FATCA Exempt Party on or after that FATCA Application Date or 
 (iii) the Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the Agent will not be (or will have ceased to be) a FATCA Exempt Party on or after that FATCA Application Date 
 and (in each case) the Borrower or a Lender reasonably believes that a Party will be required to make a FATCA Deduction that would not be required if the Agent were a FATCA Exempt Party, and the Borrower or that Lender, by notice to the Agent, requires it to resign. 

29.13 Confidentiality 
 (a) In acting as agent or trustee for the Finance Parties, the Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) shall be regarded as acting through its agency division which shall be treated as a separate entity from any other of its divisions or departments. 
 (b) If information is received by another division or department of the Agent or Security Agent, it may be treated as confidential to that division or department and the Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) shall not be deemed to have notice of it. 
 29.14 Relationship with the other Finance Parties 
 (a) The Agent may treat a person shown in its records as a Lender at the opening of business (in the place of the Agent s principal office as notified to the Finance Parties from time to time) as a Lender acting through its Facility Office 
 (i) entitled to or liable for any payment due under any Finance Document on that day and 
 (ii) entitled to receive and act upon any notice, request, document or communication or make any decision or determination under any Finance Document made or delivered on that day, 
 unless it has received not less than five Business Days prior notice from that Lender to the contrary in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (b) Any Lender may by notice to the Agent appoint a person to receive on its behalf all notices, communications, information and documents to be made or despatched to that Lender under the Finance Documents. Such notice shall contain the address and electronic mail address and or any other information required to enable the transmission of information by that means (and, in each case, the department or officer, if any, for whose attention communication is to be made) and be treated as a notification of a substitute address (or such other information), department and officer by that Lender for the purposes of Clause 34.2 Addresses and the Agent shall be entitled to treat such person as the person entitled to receive all such notices, communications, information and documents as though that person were that Lender. 
 29.15 Credit appraisal by the Lenders 
 Without affecting the responsibility of the Borrower for information supplied by it or on its behalf in connection with any Finance Document, each Lender confirms to the Agent and the Security Agent that it has been, and will continue to be, solely responsible for making its own independent appraisal and investigation of all risks arising under or in connection with any Finance Document including but not limited to 
 (a) the financial condition, status and nature of each member of the Group 
 (b) the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or enforceability of any Finance Document, the Security Property and any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Finance Document or the Security Property 

(c) whether that Finance Party has recourse, and the nature and extent of that recourse, against any Party or any of its respective assets under or in connection with any Finance Document, the Security Property, the transactions contemplated by the Finance Documents or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Finance Document or the Security Property 
 (d) the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of information provided by the Agent, the Security Agent, any Party or by any other person under or in connection with any Finance Document, the transactions contemplated by any Finance Document or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Finance Document and 
 (e) the right or title of any person in or to, or the value or sufficiency of any part of, the Security Assets, the priority of any of the Transaction Security or the existence of any Security affecting the Security Assets. 
 29.16 Agent s and Security Agent s management time 
 (a) Any amount payable to the Agent or Security Agent under Clause 13.3 Indemnity to the Agent ), Clause 13.4 Indemnity to the Security Agent ), Clause 15 Costs and Expenses) and Clause 29.11 Lenders indemnity to the Agent and Security Agent shall include the cost of utilising the management time or other resources of the Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) and will be calculated on the basis of such reasonable daily or hourly rates as the Agent or Security Agent may notify to the Borrower and the Finance Parties, and is in addition to any fee paid or payable to the Agent or Security Agent under Clause 10 Fees) . 
 (b) Without prejudice to paragraph (a) above in the event of 
 (i) a Default 
 (ii) the Security Agent being requested by the Borrower or the Majority Lenders to undertake duties which the Security Agent and the Borrower agree to be of an exceptional nature or outside the scope of the normal duties of the Security Agent under the Finance Documents or 
 (iii) the Security Agent and the Borrower agreeing that it is otherwise appropriate in the circumstances, 
 the Borrower shall pay to the Security Agent any additional remuneration that may be agreed between them or determined pursuant to paragraph (c) below. 
 (c) If the Security Agent and the Borrower fail to agree upon the nature of the duties, or upon the additional remuneration referred to in paragraph (b) above or whether additional remuneration is appropriate in the circumstances, any dispute shall be determined by an investment bank (acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator) selected by the Security Agent and approved by the Borrower or, failing approval, nominated (on the application of the Security Agent) by the President for the time being of the Law Society of England and Wales (the costs of the nomination and of the investment bank being payable by the Borrower) and the determination of any investment bank shall be final and binding upon the Parties. 

29.17 Deduction from amounts payable by the Agent 
 If any Party owes an amount to the Agent under the Finance Documents the Agent may, after giving notice to that Party, deduct an amount not exceeding that amount from any payment to that Party which the Agent would otherwise be obliged to make under the Finance Documents and apply the amount deducted in or towards satisfaction of the amount owed. For the purposes of the Finance Documents that Party shall be regarded as having received any amount so deducted. 
 29.18 Reliance and engagement letters 
 Each Finance Party and Secured Party confirms that each of the Agent and the Security Agent has authority to accept on its behalf (and ratifies the acceptance on its behalf of any letters or reports already accepted by the Agent or the Security Agent) the terms of any reliance letter or engagement letters relating to any reports or letters provided by accountants, auditors or providers of due diligence reports in connection with the Finance Documents or the transactions contemplated in the Finance Documents and to bind it in respect of those reports or letters and to sign such letters on its behalf and further confirms that it accepts the terms and qualifications set out in such letters. 
 29.19 No responsibility to perfect Transaction Security 
 The Security Agent shall not be liable for any failure to 
 (a) require the deposit with it of any deed or document certifying, representing or constituting the title of the Borrower to any of the Security Assets 
 (b) obtain any licence, consent or other authority for the execution, delivery, legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any Finance Document or the Transaction Security 
 (c) register, file or record or otherwise protect any of the Transaction Security (or the priority of any of the Transaction Security) under any law or regulation or to give notice to any person of the execution of any Finance Document or of the Transaction Security 
 (d) take, or to require the Borrower to take, any step to perfect its title to any of the Security Assets or to render the Transaction Security effective or to secure the creation of any ancillary Security under any law or regulation or 
 (e) require any further assurance in relation to any Security Document. 
 29.20 Insurance by Security Agent 
 (a) The Security Agent shall not be obliged 
 (i) to insure any of the Security Assets 
 (ii) to require any other person to maintain any insurance or 
 (iii) to verify any obligation to arrange or maintain insurance contained in any Finance Document, 
 and the Security Agent shall not be liable for any damages, costs or losses to any person as a result of the lack of, or inadequacy of, any such insurance. 

(b) Where the Security Agent is named on any insurance policy as an insured party, it shall not be liable for any damages, costs or losses to any person as a result of its failure to notify the insurers of any material fact relating to the risk assumed by such insurers or any other information of any kind, unless the Majority Lenders request it to do so in writing and the Security Agent fails to do so within 14 days after receipt of that request. 
 29.21 Custodians and nominees 
 The Security Agent may appoint and pay any person to act as a custodian or nominee on any terms in relation to any asset of the trust as the Security Agent may determine, including for the purpose of depositing with a custodian this Agreement or any document relating to the trust created under this Agreement and the Security Agent shall not be responsible for any loss, liability, expense, demand, cost, claim or proceedings incurred by reason of the misconduct, omission or default on the part of any person appointed by it under this Agreement or be bound to supervise the proceedings or acts of any person. 
 29.22 Delegation by the Security Agent 
 (a) Each of the Security Agent, any Receiver and any Delegate may, at any time, delegate by power of attorney or otherwise to any person for any period, all or any right, power, authority or discretion vested in it in its capacity as such. 
 (b) That delegation may be made upon any terms and conditions (including the power to sub-delegate) and subject to any restrictions that the Security Agent, that Receiver or that Delegate (as the case may be) may, in its discretion, think fit in the interests of the Secured Parties. 
 (c) No Security Agent, Receiver or Delegate shall be bound to supervise, or be in any way responsible for any damages, costs or losses incurred by reason of any misconduct, omission or default on the part of, any such delegate or sub-delegate. 
 29.23 Additional Security Agents 
 (a) The Security Agent may at any time appoint (and subsequently remove) any person to act as a separate trustee or as a co-trustee jointly with it 
 (i) if it considers that appointment to be in the interests of the Secured Parties 
 (ii) for the purposes of conforming to any legal requirement, restriction or condition which the Security Agent deems to be relevant or 
 (iii) for obtaining or enforcing any judgment in any jurisdiction, 
 and the Security Agent shall give prior notice to the Borrower and the Finance Parties of that appointment. 
 (b) Any person so appointed shall have the rights, powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those given to the Security Agent under or in connection with the Finance Documents) and the duties, obligations and responsibilities that are given or imposed by the instrument of appointment. 
 (c) The remuneration that the Security Agent may pay to that person, and any costs and expenses (together with any applicable VAT) incurred by that person 

in performing its functions pursuant to that appointment shall, for the purposes of this Agreement, be treated as costs and expenses incurred by the Security Agent. 
 29.24 Acceptance of title 
 The Security Agent shall be entitled to accept without enquiry, and shall not be obliged to investigate, any right and title that the Borrower may have to any of the Security Assets and shall not be liable for, or bound to require the Borrower to remedy, any defect in its right or title. 
 29.25 Winding up of trust 
 If the Security Agent, with the approval of the Agent, determines that 
 (a) all of the Secured Obligations and all other obligations secured by the Security Documents have been fully and finally discharged and 
 (b) no Secured Party is under any commitment, obligation or liability (actual or contingent) to make advances or provide other financial accommodation to the Borrower pursuant to the Finance Documents, 
 then 
 
 (i) the trusts set out in this Agreement shall be wound up and the Security Agent shall release, without recourse or warranty, all of the Transaction Security and the rights of the Security Agent under each of the Security Documents and 
 (ii) any Security Agent which has resigned pursuant to Clause 29.12 Resignation of the Agent and the Security Agent shall release, without recourse or warranty, all of its rights under each Security Document. 
 29.26 Powers supplemental to Trustee Acts 
 The rights, powers, authorities and discretions given to the Security Agent under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be supplemental to the Trustee Act 1925 and the Trustee Act 2000 and in addition to any which may be vested in the Security Agent by law or regulation or otherwise. 
 29.27 Disapplication of Trustee Acts 
 Section 1 of the Trustee Act 2000 shall not apply to the duties of the Security Agent in relation to the trusts constituted by this Agreement. Where there are any inconsistencies between the Trustee Act 1925 or the Trustee Act 2000 and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall, to the extent permitted by law and regulation, prevail and, in the case of any inconsistency with the Trustee Act 2000, the provisions of this Agreement shall constitute a restriction or exclusion for the purposes of that Act. 
 30. APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS 
 30.1 Order of application 
 Subject to Clause 30.2 Prospective Liabilities ), all amounts from time to time received or recovered by the Security Agent pursuant to the terms of any Finance Document or in connection with the realisation or enforcement of all or any part of the 

Transaction Security (for the purposes of this Clause 30, the Recoveries shall be held by the Security Agent on trust to apply them at any time as the Security Agent (in its discretion) sees fit, to the extent permitted by applicable law (and subject to the provisions of this Clause 30, in the following order 
 
 (a) in discharging any sums owing to the Security Agent, any Receiver or any Delegate 
 (b) in payment of all costs and expenses incurred by the Agent or any Secured Party in connection with any realisation or enforcement of the Transaction Security taken in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and 
 (c) in payment to the Agent for application in accordance with Clause 32.5 Partial Payments ). 
 30.2 Prospective liabilities 
 Following an Event of Default or a Distressed Disposal (as defined in the Intercreditor Side Letter), the Security Agent may, in its discretion, hold any amount of the Recoveries in an interest bearing suspense or impersonal account(s) in the name of the Security Agent with such financial institution (including itself) and for so long as the Security Agent shall think fit (the interest being credited to the relevant account) for later application under Clause 30.1 Order of application in respect of 
 
 (a) any sum to the Security Agent, any Receiver or any Delegate and 
 (b) any part of the Secured Obligations, 
 that the Security Agent reasonably considers, in each case, might become due or owing at any time in the future. 
 
 30.3 Investment of proceeds 
 Prior to the application of the proceeds of the Recoveries in accordance with Clause 30.1 Order of application the Security Agent may, in its discretion, hold all or part of those proceeds in an interest bearing suspense or impersonal account(s) in the name of the Security Agent with such financial institution (including itself) and for so long as the Security Agent shall think fit (the interest being credited to the relevant account) pending the application from time to time of those moneys in the Security Agent s discretion in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 30.3. 
 
 30.4 Currency conversion 
 (a) For the purpose of, or pending the discharge of, any of the Secured Obligations the Security Agent may convert any moneys received or recovered by the Security Agent from one currency to another, at a market rate of exchange. 
 (b) The obligations of the Borrower to pay in the due currency shall only be satisfied to the extent of the amount of the due currency purchased after deducting the costs of conversion. 

30.5 Permitted deductions 
 The Security Agent shall be entitled, in its discretion 
 
 (a) to set aside by way of reserve amounts required to meet, and to make and pay, any deductions and withholdings (on account of taxes or otherwise) which it is or may be required by any applicable law to make from any distribution or payment made by it under this Agreement and 
 (b) to pay all Taxes which may be assessed against it in respect of any of the Security Assets, or as a consequence of performing its duties, or by virtue of its capacity as Security Agent under any of the Finance Documents or otherwise (other than in connection with its remuneration for performing its duties under this Agreement). 
 30.6 Good discharge 
 (a) Any payment to be made in respect of the Secured Obligations by the Security Agent may be made to the Agent on behalf of the Finance Parties and any payment made in that way shall be a good discharge, to the extent of that payment, by the Security Agent. 
 (b) The Security Agent is under no obligation to make the payments to the Agent under paragraph (a) above in the same currency as that in which the obligations and liabilities owing to the relevant Finance Party are denominated. 
 31. SHARING AMONG THE FINANCE PARTIES 
 31.1 Payments to Finance Parties 
 If a Finance Party (a Recovering Finance Party receives or recovers any amount from the Borrower other than in accordance with Clause 32 Payment Mechanics (a Recovered Amount and applies that amount to a payment due under the Finance Documents then 
 
 (a) the Recovering Finance Party shall, within three Business Days, notify details of the receipt or recovery to the Agent 
 (b) the Agent shall determine whether the receipt or recovery is in excess of the amount the Recovering Finance Party would have been paid had the receipt or recovery been received or made by the Agent and distributed in accordance with Clause 32 Payment Mechanics ), without taking account of any Tax which would be imposed on the Agent in relation to the receipt, recovery or distribution and 
 (c) the Recovering Finance Party shall, within three Business Days of demand by the Agent, pay to the Agent an amount (the Sharing Payment equal to such receipt or recovery less any amount which the Agent determines may be retained by the Recovering Finance Party as its share of any payment to be made, in accordance with Clause 32.5 (Partial Payments ). 
 31.2 Redistribution of payments 
 The Agent shall treat the Sharing Payment as if it had been paid by the Borrower and distribute it between the Finance Parties (other than the Recovering Finance Party) 

(the Sharing Finance Parties in accordance with Clause 32.5 Partial Payments towards the obligations of the Borrower to the Sharing Finance Parties. 
 
 31.3 Recovering Finance Party s rights 
 On a distribution by the Agent under Clause 31.2 Redistribution of payments of a payment received by a Recovering Finance Party from the Borrower, as between the Borrower and the Recovering Finance Party, an amount of the Recovered Amount equal to the Sharing Payment will be treated as not having been paid by the Borrower. 
 
 31.4 Reversal of redistribution 
 If any part of the Sharing Payment received or recovered by a Recovering Finance Party becomes repayable and is repaid by that Recovering Finance Party, then 
 
 (a) each Sharing Finance Party shall, upon request of the Agent, pay to the Agent for the account of that Recovering Finance Party an amount equal to the appropriate part of its share of the Sharing Payment (together with an amount as is necessary to reimburse that Recovering Finance Party for its proportion of any interest on the Sharing Payment which that Recovering Finance Party is required to pay) (the Redistributed Amount and 
 (b) as between the Borrower and each relevant Sharing Finance Party, an amount equal to the relevant Redistributed Amount will be treated as not having been paid by the Borrower. 
 31.5 Exceptions 
 (a) This Clause 31.5 shall not apply to the extent that the Recovering Finance Party would not, after making any payment pursuant to this Clause, have a valid and enforceable claim against the Borrower. 
 (b) A Recovering Finance Party is not obliged to share with any other Finance Party any amount which the Recovering Finance Party has received or recovered as a result of taking legal or arbitration proceedings, if 
 (i) it notified that other Finance Party of the legal or arbitration proceedings and 
 (ii) that other Finance Party had an opportunity to participate in those legal or arbitration proceedings but did not do so as soon as reasonably practicable having received notice and did not take separate legal or arbitration proceedings. 
 32. PAYMENT MECHANICS 
 32.1 Payments to the Agent 
 (a) On each date on which the Borrower or a Lender is required to make a payment under a Finance Document, the Borrower or Lender shall make the same available to the Agent (unless a contrary indication appears in a Finance Document) for value on the due date at the time and in such funds specified by the Agent as being customary at the time for settlement of transactions in the relevant currency in the place of payment. 

(b) Payment shall be made to such account with such bank as the Agent, in each case, specifies. 
 32.2 Distributions by the Agent 
 Each payment received by the Agent under the Finance Documents for another Party shall, subject to Clause 32.3 Distributions to the Borrower and Clause 32.4 Clawback and pre-funding be made available by the Agent as soon as practicable after receipt to the Party entitled to receive payment in accordance with this Agreement (in the case of a Lender, for the account of its Facility Office), to such account as that Party may notify to the Agent by not less than five Business Days notice with a bank specified by that Party. 
 32.3 Distributions to the Borrower 
 The Agent may (with the consent of the Borrower or in accordance with Clause 33 Set-Off )) apply any amount received by it for the Borrower in or towards payment (on the date and in the currency and funds of receipt) of any amount due from the Borrower under the Finance Documents or in or towards purchase of any amount of any currency to be so applied. 
 32.4 Clawback and pre-funding 
 (a) Where a sum is to be paid to the Agent under the Finance Documents for another Party, the Agent is not obliged to pay that sum to that other Party (or to enter into or perform any related exchange contract) until it has been able to establish to its satisfaction that it has actually received that sum. 
 (b) Unless paragraph (c) below applies, if the Agent pays an amount to another Party and it proves to be the case that the Agent had not actually received that amount, then the Party to whom that amount (or the proceeds of any related exchange contract) was paid by the Agent shall on demand refund the same to the Agent together with interest on that amount from the date of payment to the date of receipt by the Agent, calculated by the Agent to reflect its cost of funds. 
 (c) If the Agent has notified the Lenders that it is willing to make available amounts for the account of a Borrower before receiving funds from the Lenders then if and to the extent that the Agent does so but it proves to be the case that it does not then receive funds from a Lender in respect of a sum which it paid to a Borrower 
 (i) the Agent shall notify the Borrower of that Lender s identity and the Borrower shall on demand refund it to the Agent and 
 (ii) the Lender by whom those funds should have been made available or, if that Lender fails to do so, the Borrower shall on demand pay to the Agent the amount (as certified by the Agent) which will indemnify the Agent against any funding cost incurred by it as a result of paying out that sum before receiving those funds from that Lender. 
 32.5 Partial Payments 
 (a) If the Agent or the Security Agent (as applicable) receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable by the Borrower under the Finance Documents, the Agent or the Security Agent (as applicable) shall apply that payment towards the obligations of the Borrower under the Finance Documents in the following order 

(i) firstly , in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid amount owing to the Agent, the Security Agent, any Receiver or any Delegate under the Finance Documents 
 (ii) secondly , in or towards payment pro rata of any accrued interest on any Loans due but unpaid under this Agreement 
 (iii) thirdly , in or towards payment pro rata of any principal of Loans due but unpaid under this Agreement and 
 (iv) fourthly , in or towards payment pro rata of any other sum due but unpaid under the Finance Documents. 
 (b) The Agent shall, if so directed by the Lenders, vary, or instruct the Security Agent to vary (as applicable), the order set out in paragraphs (a)(ii) to (iv) above. Any such variation may include the re-ordering of obligations set out in any such paragraph. 
 Paragraphs (a) and (b) above will override any appropriation made by the Borrower. 
 32.6 Investment of Cash Proceeds 
 Prior to the application of the proceeds in accordance with Clause 32.5 Partial Payments ), the Agent may, in its discretion, hold all or part of those proceeds in a suspense or impersonal account(s) in the name of the Agent with such financial institution (including itself) and for so long as the Agent shall think fit (the interest being credited to the relevant account) pending the application from time to time of those monies in the Agent s discretion in accordance with the provisions of Clause 32.5 Partial Payments and Clause 32.7 Permitted Deductions by Agent ). 
 32.7 Permitted Deductions by Agent 
 The Agent shall be entitled, in its discretion to set aside by way of reserve amounts required to meet and to make and pay, any deductions and withholdings (on account of taxes or otherwise) which it is or may be required by any applicable law to make from any distribution or payment made by it under the Finance Documents and 
 32.8 No Set-Off by Borrower 
 All payments to be made by the Borrower under the Finance Documents shall be calculated and be made without (and free and clear of any deduction for) set-off or counterclaim. 
 32.9 Business Days 
 (a) Any payment which is due to be made on a day that is not a Business Day shall be made on the next Business Day in the same calendar month (if there is one) or the preceding Business Day (if there is not). 
 (b) During any extension of the due date for payment of any principal or Unpaid Sum under this Agreement interest is payable on the principal or Unpaid Sum at the rate payable on the original due date. 
 32.10 Currency of Account 
 (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, US dollars is the currency of account and payment for any sum due from the Borrower under any Finance Document. 

(b) A repayment of the Loan or an Unpaid Sum or a part of the Loan or an Unpaid Sum shall be made in the currency in which the Loan or the Unpaid Sum is denominated, pursuant to this Agreement, on its due date. 
 (c) Each payment of interest shall be made in the currency in which the sum in respect of which the interest is payable was denominated, pursuant to this Agreement, when that interest accrued. 
 (d) Each payment in respect of costs, expenses or Taxes shall be made in the currency in which the costs, expenses or Taxes are incurred. 
 (a) Any amount expressed to be payable in a currency other than US dollars shall be paid in that other currency. 
 32.11 Change of Currency 
 (a) Unless otherwise prohibited by law, if more than one currency or currency unit are at the same time recognised by the central bank of any country as the lawful currency of that country, then 
 (i) any reference in the Finance Documents to, and any obligations arising under the Finance Documents in, the currency of that country shall be translated into, or paid in, the currency or currency unit of that country designated by the Agent (after consultation with the Borrower) and 
 (ii) any translation from one currency or currency unit to another shall be at the official rate of exchange recognised by the central bank for the conversion of that currency or currency unit into the other, rounded up or down by the Agent (acting reasonably). 
 (b) If a change in any currency of a country occurs, this Agreement will, to the extent the Agent (acting reasonably and after consultation with the Borrower) specifies to be necessary, be amended to comply with any generally accepted conventions and market practice in the Hong Kong interbank market and otherwise to reflect the change in currency. 
 32.12 Enforcement Proceeds and Warrantholder Liquidity Preference 
 (a) The Agent may apply all proceeds received following an enforcement of the Transaction Security and all other recoveries under the Finance Documents following an Event of Default against the Secured Obligations in the following order 
 (i) firstly , in discharging all costs and expenses incurred by the Agent, the Security Agent, any Receiver or any Delegate in connection with any realisation or enforcement of the Transaction Security 
 (ii) secondly , in or towards payment pro rata of any accrued interest, fee or commission due but unpaid under the Finance Documents 
 (iii) thirdly , in or towards payment pro rata of any principal due but unpaid under those Finance Documents and 
 (iv) fourthly , in or towards payment pro rata of any other sum due but unpaid under the Finance Documents. 
 (b) Any surplus enforcement proceeds or recoveries after payment in full of the Secured Obligations shall be returned to the Borrower or other person entitled 

thereto provided, however, that with respect to any proceeds to be returned to the Shareholder, the Agent shall be entitled to apply and deduct remaining funds in an amount equal to any amount then due and payable to each Warrantholder (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) under the Warrant Agreement before returning such funds to the Shareholder. 
 33. SET-OFF 
 The Agent may set off any matured obligation due from the Borrower under the Finance Documents (to the extent beneficially owned by the Lenders) against any matured obligation owed by the Lenders to the Borrower regardless of the place of payment, booking branch or currency of either obligation. If the obligations are in different currencies, the Agent may convert either obligation at a market rate of exchange in its usual course of business for the purpose of the set-off. 
 34. NOTICES 
 34.1 Communications in writing 
 Any communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be made in writing and, unless otherwise stated, may be made by letter or electronic mail. 
 34.2 Addresses 
 The address and electronic mail address (and the department or officer, if any, for whose attention the communication is to be made) of each party to a Finance Document for any communication or document to be made or delivered under or in connection with the Finance Documents is 
 (a) in the case of the Agent, the Security Agent, each Lender, the Shareholder and the Borrower, that identified with its name and signature below 
 (b) in the case of each other party, that identified with its name and signature to a Finance Document to which it is a party, 
 or any substitute address or department or officer as the relevant party may notify to the other party by not less than five Business Days notice. 
 34.3 Delivery 
 (a) Any communication or document made or delivered by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents will be effective 
 (i) if by way of letter, only when it has been left at the relevant address or five Business Days after being deposited in the post postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to it at that address or 
 (ii) if by way of electronic mail, only when actually received (or made available) in readable form, 
 and, if a particular department or officer is specified as part of its address details provided under Clause 34.2 Addresses ), if addressed to that department or officer. 
 (b) Any communication or document to be made or delivered to the Agent or the Security Agent will be effective only when actually received by the Agent or the Security Agent and then only if it is expressly marked for the attention of the department or officer identified with the Agent s or Security Agent s 

signature below (or any substitute department or officer as the Agent or Security Agent shall specify for this purpose). 
 (c) Any communication or document made or delivered to the Borrower in accordance with this Clause 34 Notices will be deemed to have been made or delivered to the Shareholder and each member of the Group. 
 (d) Any communication or document which becomes effective, in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (c) above, after 5 p.m. in the place of receipt (or, in the case of electronic mail, in the place in which the party to whom the relevant communication or document is sent or made available has its address for the purpose of this Agreement) shall be deemed only to become effective on the following day. 
 (e) Any reference in a Finance Document to a communication being sent or received or a document being delivered shall be construed to include that communication or document being made available in accordance with paragraph (a)(ii) above. 
 35. CALCULATIONS AND CERTIFICATES 
 35.1 Accounts 
 In any litigation or arbitration proceedings arising out of or in connection with a Finance Document, the entries made in the accounts maintained by a Finance Party are prima facie evidence of the matters to which they relate. 
 35.2 Certificates and Determinations 
 Any certification or determination by a Finance Party of a rate or amount under any Finance Document is, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive evidence of the matters to which it relates. 
 35.3 Day Count Convention 
 Any interest, commission or fee accruing under a Finance Document will accrue from day to day and is calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 360 days or, in any case where the practice in the Hong Kong interbank market differs, in accordance with that market practice. 
 36. PARTIAL INVALIDITY 
 If, at any time, any provision of a Finance Document is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under any law of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the law of any other jurisdiction will in any way be affected or impaired. 
 37. REMEDIES AND WAIVERS 
 No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of any Finance Party, any right or remedy under a Finance Document shall operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy or constitute an election to affirm any of the Finance Documents. No election to affirm any of the Finance Documents on the part of an Finance Party shall be effective unless it is in writing. No single or partial exercise of any right or remedy shall prevent any further or other exercise or the exercise of any other right or remedy. The rights and remedies provided in each Finance Document are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. 

38. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 
 38.1 Required consents 
 (a) Subject to Clause 38.2 All Lender matters and Clause 38.3 Other exceptions ), any term of the Finance Documents may be amended or waived only with the consent of the Majority Lenders and the Borrower and any such amendment or waiver will be binding on all Parties. 
 (b) The Agent may effect, on behalf of any Finance Party, any amendment or waiver permitted by this Clause 38. 
 (c) Without prejudice to the generality of paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) of Clause 29.7 Rights and discretions) , the Agent may engage, pay for and rely on the services of lawyers in determining the consent level required for and effecting any amendment, waiver or consent under this Agreement. 
 38.2 All Lender matters 
 An amendment, waiver or (in the case of a Security Document) a consent of, or in relation to, any term of a Finance Document that has the effect of changing or which relates to 
 (a) the definition of Majority Lenders in Clause 1.1 Definitions 
 (b) an extension to the date of payment of any amount under the Finance Documents 
 (c) a reduction in the amount of any payment of principal, interest, fees or commission payable or a reduction in the PIK Rate or frequency of capitalisation 
 (d) a change in currency of payment of any amount under the Finance Documents 
 (e) an increase in any Commitment or the Total Commitments, an extension of any Availability Period or any requirement that a cancellation of Commitments reduces the Commitments rateably under the Facility 
 (f) a change to the Borrower 
 (g) any provision which expressly requires the consent of all the Lenders 
 (h) Clause 4.1 Initial Conditions Precedent to the Utilisation ), Clause 7.1 Illegality , Clause 7.2 Change of Control ), Clause 7.3 Trade Sale Prepayment ), Clause 7.4 IPO Prepayment ), Clause 25 Changes to the Lenders ), Clause 27 Changes to the obligors ), Clause 31 Sharing among the Finance Parties ), this Clause 38, Clause 41 Governing Law ), Clause 42 Dispute Resolution 
 (i) (other than as expressly permitted by the provisions of any Finance Document) the nature or scope of 

(i) the Security Assets or 
 (ii) the manner in which the proceeds of enforcement of the Transaction Security and Distressed Disposals are distributed, 
 (except in the case of paragraph (ii) above insofar as it relates to a sale or disposal of an asset which is the subject of the Transaction Security where such sale or disposal is expressly permitted under this Agreement or any other Finance Document) or 
 (j) the release of any guarantee and indemnity granted under this Agreement, the Sponsor Indemnity or any Transaction Security unless permitted under this Agreement or any other Finance Document or relating to a sale or disposal of an asset which is the subject of the Transaction Security where such sale or disposal is expressly permitted under this Agreement or any other Finance Document. 
 
 38.3 Other exceptions 
 An amendment or waiver which relates to the rights or obligations of the Agent or the Security Agent (each in their capacity as such) may not be effected without the consent of the Agent or the Security Agent, as the case may be. 
 39. CONFIDENTIALITY 
 39.1 Confidential Information 
 Each Finance Party agrees to 
 (a) keep all Confidential Information confidential and not to disclose it to anyone, save to the extent permitted by Clause 39.2 Disclosure of Confidential Information and 
 (b) to keep all Confidential Information protected with security measures and a degree of care that would apply to its own confidential information of a similar nature to the Confidential Information and in any event, with no less degree of care than reasonable due care. 
 39.2 Disclosure of Confidential Information 
 Any Finance Party may make the following disclosure of the Confidential Information 
 (a) disclosure to any of its Affiliates and Delegates, any of its or their branches, officers, directors, employees, professional advisers (including its solicitors), delegates, auditors, partners, Representatives (including any servicer), agents or representative offices or any Receiver appointed by it such Confidential Information as that Finance Party shall consider desirable or appropriate if any person to whom the Confidential Information is to be given pursuant to this paragraph (a) is informed in writing of its confidential nature and that some or all of such Confidential Information may be price-sensitive information except that there shall be no such requirement to so inform if the recipient is subject to professional obligations to maintain the confidentiality of the information or 

is otherwise bound by requirements of confidentiality in relation to the Confidential Information 
 (b) disclosure 
 (i) to (or through) whom it assigns or transfers (or may potentially assign or transfer) all or any of its rights and or obligations under one or more Finance Documents or which succeeds (or which may potentially succeed) it as Agent or Security Agent and in each case, to any of that person s Affiliates, Representatives, Delegates, directors, employees, auditors, partners and professional advisers 
 (ii) to any person with (or through) whom it enters into (or may potentially enter into), whether directly or indirectly, any sub-participation in relation to, or any other transaction under which payments are to be made or may be made by reference to, one or more Finance Documents and or the Borrower and or the Senior Borrower and to any of that person s Affiliates, Representatives, Delegates, directors, employees, auditors, partners and professional advisers 
 (iii) to any person appointed by any Finance Party or by a person to whom paragraph (b)(i) or (b)(ii) above applies to receive communications, notices, information or documents delivered pursuant to the Finance Documents on its behalf 
 (iv) to any person who invests in or otherwise finances (or may potentially invest in or otherwise finance), directly or indirectly, any transaction referred to in paragraph (b)(i) or (b)(ii) above 
 (v) to whom information is required or requested to be disclosed by any court of competent jurisdiction or by any governmental, banking, taxation or other regulatory authority or similar body, the rules of any relevant stock exchange or pursuant to any applicable law or regulation 
 (vi) to whom information is required to be disclosed in connection with, and for the purposes of, any litigation, arbitration, administrative or other investigations, proceedings or disputes 
 (vii) to any Rating Agency (including its professional advisers) 
 (viii) if it comes into the public domain (other than as a breach of this Clause 39 Confidentiality )) 
 (ix) to any person who is an agent or trustee of the Lenders 
 (x) to any person who is the Lenders stationery printers, the vendors of the computer system used by the Lender and to such person(s) installing and maintain the same and other suppliers of goods or service providers engaged by the Lenders 
 (xi) to any person who is a Sponsor, Sponsor Affiliate, the Shareholder or a member of the Group or any person who is jointly or jointly and severally liable to the Lenders with the Shareholder and or member of the Group 
 (xii) to any person who is a Party 

(xiii) with the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld) or 
 (xiv) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
 in each case, such Confidential Information as that Finance Party shall consider appropriate if 
 (A) in relation to paragraphs (b)(i), (b)(ii), (b)(iii), (b)(iv) and (b)(x), above, the person to whom the Confidential Information is to be given has entered into a Confidentiality Undertaking except that there shall be no requirement for a Confidentiality Undertaking if the recipient is a professional adviser and is subject to professional obligations or duty to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information 
 (B) in relation to paragraphs (b)(v), (b)(vi) and (b)(vii) above, the person to whom the Confidential Information is to be given is informed of its confidential nature and that some or all of such Confidential Information may be price-sensitive information except that there shall be no requirement to so inform if, in the opinion of that Finance Party, it is not practicable so to do in the circumstances and 
 (c) disclosure to any person appointed by that Finance Party or by a person to whom paragraph (b)(i) or (b)(ii) above applies to provide administration or settlement services in respect of one or more of the Finance Documents including, without limitation, in relation to the trading of participations in respect of the Finance Documents, such Confidential Information as may be required to be disclosed to enable such service provider to provide any of the services referred to in this paragraph (c) if the service provider to whom the Confidential Information is to be given has entered into a confidentiality agreement substantially in the form of the APLMA Master Confidentiality Undertaking for Use with Administration Settlement Service Providers or such other form of confidentiality undertaking agreed between the Borrower and the relevant Finance Party 
 (d) disclosure to the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any relevant committee thereof, for the purpose of determining the settlement procedures applicable to the obligations under the Finance Documents which are the subject of a credit derivative transaction or other credit linked transaction 
 (e) disclosure of the size and term of the Facility and the name of the Sponsor, the Senior Borrower, the Borrower and the Shareholder to any investor or potential investor in a securitisation (or similar transaction of broadly equivalent economic effect) of the Finance Parties rights or obligations under the Finance Documents 
 (f) disclosure by the Finance Parties, where necessary to perform the Finance Parties obligations under this Agreement or 
 (g) where the disclosing party is under a legal or regulatory obligation to disclose, where the law permits it to do so or where the disclosing party has been requested to do so by any legal, regulatory, governmental or fiscal body in any jurisdiction (including disclosure to the police or any public officer conducting an investigation in connection with any offence including suspected drug trafficking offences). 

39.3 Disclosure to Numbering Service Providers 
 (a) Any Finance Party may disclose to any national or international numbering service provider appointed by that Finance Party to provide identification numbering services in respect of this Agreement, the Facility, the Shareholder and or the Borrower and or the Senior Borrower the following information 
 (i) names of the Shareholder, Borrower and the Senior Borrower 
 (ii) country of domicile of the Shareholder, Borrower and the Senior Borrower 
 (iii) place of incorporation of the Shareholder, Borrower and the Senior Borrower 
 (iv) the Facility Agreement Date 
 (v) the names of the Finance Parties 
 (vi) date of each amendment and restatement of the Finance Documents 
 (vii) amount of the Total Commitments 
 (viii) currency of the Facility 
 (ix) type of Facility 
 (x) ranking of Facility 
 (xi) the Final Maturity Date 
 (xii) changes to any of the information previously supplied pursuant to paragraphs (i) to (xi) (inclusive) above and 
 (xiii) such other information agreed between such Finance Party and the Borrower, 
 to enable such numbering service provider to provide its usual syndicated loan numbering identification services. 
 (b) The Parties acknowledge and agree that each identification number assigned to this Agreement, the Facility and or the Borrower, the Shareholder or the Senior Borrower by a numbering service provider and the information associated with each such number may be disclosed to users of its services in accordance with the standard terms and conditions of that numbering service provider. 
 (c) The Borrower represents that none of the information set out in paragraphs (i) to (xiii) (inclusive) of paragraph (a) above is, nor will at any time be, unpublished price-sensitive information. 
 (d) The Agent shall notify the Borrower of 
 (i) the name of any numbering service provider appointed by Agent in respect of this Agreement, the Facility and or the Borrower and or the Shareholder and or the Senior Borrower and 

(ii) the number or, as the case may be, numbers assigned to this Agreement, the Facility and or the Borrower and or the Shareholder and or the Senior Borrower by such numbering service provider. 
 39.4 Entire Agreement 
 This Clause 39 Confidentiality constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties in relation to the obligations of the Finance Parties under the Finance Documents regarding Confidential Information and supersedes any previous agreement, whether express or implied, regarding Confidential Information. 
 39.5 Inside Information 
 Each of the Finance Parties acknowledges that some or all of the Confidential Information is or may be price-sensitive information and that the use of such information may be regulated or prohibited by applicable legislation including securities law relating to insider dealing and market abuse and each of the Finance Parties undertakes not to use any Confidential Information for any unlawful purpose. 
 39.6 Publicity 
 All news releases, publicity or advertising proposed to be made by the Borrower, its agents or Representatives or any of their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, or the Finance Parties, their agents or Representatives or any of their respective Affiliates, on the other hand, through any media intended to reach the general public which refers to the Finance Documents or the financing evidenced by the Finance Documents (other than as part of any Party s ongoing financial disclosure and or in connection with its ordinary course reporting under securities laws and or otherwise to comply with applicable laws and regulations, disclosure requirements or regulatory filings) shall be subject to the prior written approval of the other Parties, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 
 39.7 Notification of Disclosure 
 Each of the Finance Parties agrees (to the extent permitted by law and regulation) to inform the Borrower 
 (a) of the circumstances of any disclosure of Confidential Information made pursuant to paragraph (b)(v) of Clause 39.2 Disclosure of Confidential Information except where such disclosure is made to any of the persons referred to in that paragraph during the ordinary course of its supervisory or regulatory function and 
 (b) upon becoming aware that Confidential Information has been disclosed in breach of this Clause 39 Confidentiality ). 
 39.8 Continuing Obligations 
 The obligations in Clause 39 Confidentiality are continuing and, in particular, shall survive and remain binding on each Finance Party for a period of 12 Months from the earlier of 
 (a) the date on which all amounts payable by the Borrower under or in connection with the Finance Documents have been paid in full and all Commitments have been cancelled or otherwise cease to be available and 
 (b) the date on which such Finance Party otherwise ceases to be a Finance Party. 

40. COUNTERPARTS 
 Each Finance Document may be executed in any number of counterparts, and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of that Finance Document. 
 41. GOVERNING LAW 
 This Agreement and all matters arising from or connected with it are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the law of England and Wales. 
 42. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 The Parties agree that 
 (a) any dispute, controversy, difference or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination thereof or any dispute regarding non-contractual obligations arising out of or relating to it (a Dispute shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce then in effect (the Rules ). 
 (b) The seat of the arbitration shall be Hong Kong, and the arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in English. 
 (c) The arbitral tribunal shall consist of three arbitrators, with 
 (i) the Finance Parties nominating one arbitrator 
 (ii) the Borrower nominating one arbitrator and 
 (iii) the third arbitrator (who will serve as the chairman of the arbitral tribunal) nominated by the first two arbitrators (or, if any such arbitrators are not nominated within the time limits specified by the Rules, then such arbitrator(s) shall be appointed promptly by the International Chamber of Commerce). 
 (d) The arbitral award shall be non-appealable, final and binding upon both Parties. Judgment on the award rendered may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Clause 42 Dispute Resolution ), a party may commence any action, suit or proceeding in such a court for the purpose of enforcing such award. 
 43. PROCESS AGENT 
 The Shareholder hereby appoints the Borrower as agent to accept service of process and any other documents in proceedings in England or in any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement and or the other Finance Documents and the Borrower hereby accepts such appointment. 
 THIS AGREEMENT has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement. 

EXECUTION AND SIGNATURES 
 
 THE BORROWER 
 MGE KOREA LIMITED 
 Signed by 

s Scott Wells 
 Name Scott Wells 
 Title Director 

Notice Details 
 Address 100 New Bridge Street, London, United Kingdom EC4V 6JA 
 Email swells mohegangaming.com 
 Attention Director 
 Project Inspire - signature page to Facility Agreement 

THE SHAREHOLDER 
 Signed by 
 MGE KOREA HOLDING III LIMITED 
 acting by Claire De La Haye 
)) s Claire De La Haye) Director 

Notice Details 
 Address 22 Grenville Street, St Helier, Jersey JE4 8PX 
 Email mourantgsjersey mourant.com 
 Attention Directors 

Project Inspire - signature page to Facility Agreement 

Project Inspire - signature page to Facility Agreement 

AGENT SERICA AGENCY LIMITED 
 Signed by Blake Atherton 

s Blake Atherton 
 Authorised Signatory 

Address Unit 2047 FWD Financial Centre, 308-320 Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong 
 Email agent sericatrust.com 
 Attention Louise Coffey 

Project Inspire - signature page to Facility Agreement 

SECURITY AGENT SERICA AGENCY LIMITED 
 Signed by Blake Atherton 

s Blake Atherton 
 Authorised Signatory 

Address Unit 2047 FWD Financial Centre, 308-320 Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong 
 Email agent sericatrust.com 
 Attention Louise Coffey 
 
 Project Inspire - signature page to Facility Agreement 

ORIGINAL LENDER SANKATY EUROPEAN INVESTMENTS S. R.L. 
 Signed by 

Michael Treisman 
 Name Michael Treisman 
 Title Manager 

Address 4, Rue Lou Hemmer, L - 1748 Findel, Luxembourg 
 Email MTreisman BainCapital.com 
 Attention Michael Treisman, Manager 

Project Inspire - signature page to Facility Agreement 

ORIGINAL LENDER ROYALE SS II LTD 
 Signed by 

s Tamon Nonaka 
 Name Tamon Nonaka 
 Title Director 

Address 12th Fl., Tokyu Capitol Tower, 2-10-3, Nagatacho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan 100-0014 
 Email tamon.nonaka mbkpartnerslp.com 
 Attention Tamon Nonaka, Director 

Project Inspire - signature page to Facility Agreement 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 6
 a2021930ex1021.htm
 EX-10.21

Document 
 Exhibit 10.21 

Dated 
 November 4, 2021 
 
 by and among 
 MGE KOREA HOLDING III LIMITED, MGE KOREA HOLDING II LIMITED, MGE KOREA LIMITED, INSPIRE INTEGRATED RESORT CO., LTD. BCC INSPIRE AGGREGATOR, L.P. and ROYALE SS II LTD. 
 WARRANT AGREEMENT constituting and regulating Warrants to Subscribe for Shares in the Share Capital of MGE Korea Holding III Limited 

1. Interpretation 
 4 
 2. Constitution 
 20 
 3. Exercise of Subscription Rights 
 23 
 4. Issue of Shares upon Exercise of WARRANTS RIghts attaching to shares 
 24 
 5. ADJUSTMENT OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS 
 26 
 6. Information and Rights of holders 
 28 
 7. Restrictions on and Obligations of THE MGE PARTIES AND THE GROUP COMPANIES 
 36 
 8. Transfer of Warrants and shares 
 48 
 9. Liquidation 
 72 
 10. Certificates 
 73 
 11. Warranties 
 74 
 12. Valuation Determination by Expert 
 76 
 13. Indemnification 
 77 
 14. Supremacy of this Agreement 
 77 
 15. Assignment 
 77 
 16. Duration and termination 
 78 
 17. General 
 79 
 18. Notices 
 83 
 19. Governing Law 
 85 
 20. Dispute resolution 
 85 
 21. Appointment of Lead Holder 
 86 
 
 EXHIBIT 1 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
 
 SCHEDULE 1 FORM OF CERTIFICATE 
 Part A Warrant Exercise Notice 
 Part B Substitution Notice 
 Part C Form of Transfer 
 SCHEDULE 2 FORM OF DEED OF ADHERENCE 
 SCHEDULE 3 THE REGISTER 
 SCHEDULE 4 TRANSFERS 
 SCHEDULE 5 LIST OF COMPETITORS 
 SCHEDULE 6 CERTAIN SIGNFICANT MATTERS 
 SCHEDULE 7 DETAILS REGARDING THE ANNUAL BUDGET 
 SCHEDULE 8 INDEMNIFICATION PROCEDURES 

2 

THIS AGREEMENT is entered into on 4 November 2021 by and among the following parties 
 (A) MGE KOREA HOLDING III LIMITED , a private limited company incorporated in Jersey (registered number 138231), whose registered office is at 22 Grenville Street, St Helier, Jersey JE4 8PX (the Company 
 (B) MGE KOREA HOLDING II LIMITED , a private limited company incorporated in Jersey (registered number 138233), whose registered office is at 22 Grenville Street, St Helier, Jersey JE4 8PX MGE Shareholder 
 (C) MGE KOREA LIMITED , a private limited company incorporated in England and Wales (registered number 11802191), whose registered office is at 100 New Bridge Street, London, EC4V 6JA (the Mezzanine Borrower 
 (D) INSPIRE INTEGRATED RESORT CO., LTD. , a Chusik Hoesa (joint stock corporation), with Registration Number 120111-0762874 and registered office at D-1603, 30 Songdo Miraero, Yeonsu-gu, Incheon, Korea Inspire 
 (E) BCC INSPIRE AGGREGATOR, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership (the Original Warrantholder and 
 (F) ROYALE SS II LTD. , an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability (the MBKP Warrantholder ). 
 BACKGROUND 
 (A) By a resolution of the Directors passed on 2 November 2021 and a resolution of MGE Shareholder passed on 3 November 2021, the Company has agreed to create and issue warrants to subscribe for certain Shares in the share capital of the Company. 
 (B) The parties have agreed to regulate their affairs in respect of the Warrants and related matters on the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement. 
 IT IS AGREED as follows 
 1. INTERPRETATION 
 1.1 In this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set out opposite them 
 Accounting Expert means KPMG, or if KPMG is serving as the independent auditor of any of the Sponsor, the Group Companies or the Original Warrantholder at the time of the Adjustment Dispute or otherwise cannot or does not accept such engagement, such other Accounting Firm that is mutually consented to by MGE Shareholder and the Lead Holder, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed 
 Accounting Firm means KPMG, PricewaterhouseCoopers, Ernst & Young or Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu 
 Accounting Standards means the International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board 
 Adjustment has the meaning set out in Clause 5.1.1 
 Adjustment Dispute has the meaning set out in Clause 5.3.2 
 Adjustment Event has the meaning set out in Clause 5.1.1 
 3 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. With respect to the Original Warrantholder, Affiliate shall include Bain Capital Credit (Asia), LLC, any funds advised or managed by Bain Capital Credit (Asia), LLC or an Affiliate of Bain Capital Credit (Asia), LLC, and Affiliates of any of the foregoing 
 Agreement means this warrant agreement and the Schedules and Exhibits thereto and any agreement or deed expressed to be supplemental to this Agreement, as amended from time to time 
 Allottee has the meaning set out in Clause 6.6.5 
 Amended Tag Along Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 8.4.4 
 Annual Budget means the budget plan prepared by the management of the Group Companies for development and or operational purposes, as appropriate, which shall be prepared in such form and substance that is consistent with the details set forth in Schedule 7 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means, collectively, any Law of any jurisdiction in which the parties perform business, or of the United States, or of the United Kingdom, including, without limitation, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, as amended, and any and all anti-corruption or similar Laws of South Korea or any other jurisdiction applicable to any of the parties hereto or the other Group Companies or the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, and where applicable, legislation enacted by member states and signatories implementing the OECD Convention Combating Bribery of Foreign Officials 
 Antitrust and Foreign Investment Laws means any Laws, order, judgment, decree or other restriction or other binding directives issued by any Governmental Authority (or the interpretations thereof) that are designed to prohibit, restrict or regulate actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint of trade, or any Laws, order, judgment, decree or other restriction or other binding directives issued by any Governmental Authority (or the interpretations thereof) that are intended to prohibit, restrict, or regulate acquisitions or investments in Persons organized, domiciled, or operating in a jurisdiction by foreign Persons 
 Approved Exchanges means (i) KOSPI or KOSDAQ markets of the Korea Exchange, the Main market of the London Stock Exchange, NYSE or NASDAQ markets of the New York Stock Exchange, the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, or the main board of the Singapore Stock Exchange or (ii) such other internationally reputable stock exchange as may be mutually agreed by MGE Shareholder, on the one hand, and the Lead Holder, on the other hand (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) following advice from the joint bookrunner or lead underwriter appointed to act for the relevant Group Company in relation to the IPO and having regard to all related circumstances at the time of determination (including the relative success of the proposed IPO and applicable tax and regulatory requirements, restrictions and impact) 
 Articles means the articles of association of the Company, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 1, as may be further amended from time to time and approved pursuant to paragraph 6 of Schedule 6 
 Board means the board of directors from time to time of the Company 
 BCC Drag Along Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 8.3.2(a) 
 4 

BCC Drag Along Right has the meaning set out in Clause 8.3.1 
 BCC Dragged Holder has the meaning set out in Clause 8.3.1 
 BCC Drag Sale has the meaning set out in Clause 8.3.1 
 BCC Warrant Price has the meaning set out in Clause 2.1.1(a) 
 BCC Warrants has the meaning set out in Clause 2.1.1(a) 
 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday, a public holiday or any other day on which commercial banks in New York, U.S.A., the United Kingdom, Jersey (Channel Islands), Hong Kong or South Korea are authorized or required by Law to be closed 
 Business Plan has the meaning set forth in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 Call Option has the meaning set out in Clause 8.6.1 
 Call Option Exercise Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 8.6.2 
 Call Option Exercise Period has the meaning set out in Clause 8.6.2 
 Call Price has the meaning set out in Clause 8.6.1 
 Called Warrants has the meaning set out in Clause 8.6.1 
 Cash Settlement Amount has the meaning set out in Clause 7.8.4(d)(ii) 
 Certificate means a certificate evidencing a Warrantholder s entitlement to Warrants in the form, or substantially in the form, set out in Schedule 1 
 Change of Control Event means any of the following occurring (x) without the prior written consent of the Lead Holder or (y) other than as a result of a Qualified IPO, and shall include any agreement or arrangement (including any derivative or participation contract) which has the effect of reducing the legal, beneficial, or economic interest of any Person as specified below 
 (i) the Sponsor ceasing to Control the MGE Shareholder 
 (ii) MGE Shareholder ceasing to be the direct legal and beneficial owner of 100 of the issued shares of, or ceasing to have Control of, the Company except pursuant to any issue of shares pursuant to this Agreement (including exercise of the Subscription Rights) 
 (iii) the Company ceasing to be the direct legal and beneficial owner of 100 of the issued shares of, or ceasing to have Control of, the Mezzanine Borrower except pursuant to any issue of shares pursuant to this Agreement and or an exercise of the Substitution Rights 
 (iv) the Mezzanine Borrower ceasing to be the direct legal and beneficial owner of 100 of the issued shares of, or ceasing to have Control of, Inspire except pursuant to any issue of shares under this Agreement, an exercise of the Substitution Rights and or the conversion of the Hanwha Convertible Bond and 
 (v) Inspire, in one or a series of related transactions, ceasing to own all or substantially all of the assets of the Project 
 5 

Closing Date means the Utilisation Date as defined in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 Companies Law means the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended from time to time) 
 Company has the meaning set out in the Preamble 
 Company Equity Securities means the Equity Securities of the Company 
 Competitor means, at any time, any Person who is specified in Schedule 5 List of Competitors and any other gaming operator in Asia that could reasonably be considered to be a competitor of Inspire that the Company or the Mezzanine Borrower requests (acting reasonably) in writing to be designated as a Competitor provided that, in any given calendar year from calendar year 2022 onwards, the Company and the Mezzanine Borrower may update Schedule 5 to designate up to three (3) new Persons (in the aggregate) meeting the foregoing description as Competitors and add such Persons to Schedule 5 provided, further, that any Person specified in Schedule 5 that is not, or ceases to become, a gaming operator in Asia shall be deemed removed from Schedule 5. For purposes of this definition, any reasonably identifiable Affiliates of the Persons so listed in Schedule 5 shall also be included in the definition of Competitor e.g. , Sands refers to both Sands China and Las Vegas Sands, Wynn Resorts refers to Wynn Macau, etc.) provided , that this shall not include any financial institution or financial sponsor with an interest in any gaming operation 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, agreement or other legally binding instrument or otherwise and the terms Controlled and Controlling shall have meanings correlative to the foregoing 
 Credit Enhancement Support Agreement means that certain credit enhancement support agreement, dated as of September 24, 2021, by and among Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority d b a Mohegan Gaming & Entertainment, Kookmin Bank and the banks and the financial institutions, etc. listed in Exhibit 1 thereto 
 Deed of Adherence means a deed of adherence to this Agreement substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 
 Default Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 8.1.8(a) 
 Delta Shares has the meaning set out in Clause 7.8.4(a)(ii)(B) 
 Development Services Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 Director means a member of the Board 
 Dispute has the meaning set out in Clause 20.1.1 
 Distribution means any dividend, distribution (whether of assets, capital, profits or reserves), payment or return of an income or capital nature (including any such distributions or payments made in connection with liquidation or a winding-up) in respect of the Shares 
 Distribution Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 7.5.1 
 Dollars , USD or means U.S. dollars 
 6 

Early Substitution Date has the meaning set out in Clause 7.8.4(c)(i)(B) 
 Early Substitution FMV has the meaning set out in Clause 7.8.4(a)(ii)(A) 
 Encumbrance means (a) any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other encumbrance securing any obligation of any Person (b) any option, right to acquire, right of pre-emption, right of set-off or other arrangement under which money or claims to, or for the benefit of, any Person may be applied or set off so as to effect discharge of any sum owed or payable to any Person, or any other third party right or (c) any equity, assignment, hypothecation, title retention, claim, restriction, power of sale or other type of preferential arrangement the effect of which is to give a creditor in respect of indebtedness a preferential position in relation to any asset of a Person on any insolvency proceeding of that Person 
 Environmental Laws has the meaning set forth in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 Equity Securities means any and all shares, membership interests, units, profits interests, ownership interests, equity interests, registered capital, Outstanding Options or similar securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, such securities of the relevant Person, and options, warrants (including, with respect to the Company, the Warrants), convertible or exchangeable securities, subscription rights (including any pre-emptive or similar rights), calls or other rights to purchase, acquire or receive any of the foregoing 
 ESG Laws means all Laws and codes of any Governmental Authority now or hereafter in effect in each case (a) to the extent binding upon the Group Companies and (b) to the extent that they constitute Environmental Laws or relate to or apply to working conditions, health and safety, employee relations and diversity, board independence, structure and transparency, supply chain, privacy, cyber, and cyber-security issues, organized crime, anti-social forces and prostitution issue 
 Event of Default means any Event of Default under the Mezzanine Loan Agreement (as defined therein), MGE Shareholder s failure to purchase the unexercised Warrants at the Put Price within the Put Settlement Period following the Put Holder s exercise of the Put Option under Clause 8.2 Put Holder s Put Option ), any Group Company s failure to transfer shares in the Substitution Entity to the Substituting Holders following exercise of their respective Substitution Rights under Clause 7.8.1 Substitution or any other material breach by any Group Company of the terms of this Agreement 
 Exercised Shares means, with respect to the Warrants, such Warrant Shares that have been issued to the Warrantholder(s) by the Company upon the exercise of such Warrants 
 Exercise Shareholder means any holder of Exercised Shares (including such Persons who become Exercise Shareholders pursuant to Clause 4.4 or Clause 7.8 and such other Person(s) who acquire(s) Exercised Shares from an Exercise Shareholder in compliance with this Agreement and execute(s) a Deed of Adherence as an Exercise Shareholder) 
 Export Control Law shall have the meaning set forth in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 Exit Event means a Qualified IPO or a Trade Sale 
 Exit Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 7.7.1(a) 
 7 

Fair Market Value means the fair market value determined, on an as-is basis, by the Valuation Expert in accordance with Clause 12, or such other fair market value as the Lead Holder, on the one hand, and the Company and the MGE Shareholder, on the other hand, may mutually agree in writing 
 Final Casino License shall have the meaning set forth in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 Financial Statements means the Company s quarterly or annual consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, retained earnings, and sources and uses of funds for such fiscal period, together with all notes thereto and with comparable figures for the corresponding period of its previous Fiscal Year, each prepared in or translated into English and in Dollars in accordance with the Accounting Standards 
 FIPL Filing means the report by the Original Warrantholder and or the MBKP Warrantholder under the Foreign Investment Promotion Law of Korea with respect to the transactions contemplated hereunder 
 Fiscal Year means, with respect to the Company, the period beginning on January 1 and ending on December 31 of each year 
 Fully Diluted Share Capital means, when used with respect to the issued and outstanding share capital of any Person, the total number of Shares which are or would be issued and outstanding assuming the full exercise, conversion or exchange of any Equity Security (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include the Outstanding Options) that is exercisable, convertible or exchangeable into share capital of such Person, and Fully Diluted Basis shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing 
 Gaming Boards has the meaning set forth in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 Governmental Authority means any federal, state, provincial, municipal, local, foreign or multinational government, governmental authority, regulatory body or self-regulatory body (including any securities exchange), administrative agency, governmental commission, department, board, bureau, agency, instrumentality, court or tribunal or arbitrator with authority to bind the Persons in question, or any political or other subdivision, department, agency or branch of any of the foregoing 
 Group Companies means the Company, the Mezzanine Borrower, Inspire, and each of their Subsidiaries from time to time, and Group Company means any of them 
 Hanwha Convertible Bond has the meaning set forth in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 HE&C means Hanwha Engineering & Construction Corp., a corporation incorporated under the laws of South Korea 
 Holder means a Warrantholder or a Shareholder 
 Holder Director has the meaning set out in Clause 6.3.1 
 Indemnified Party means the MGE Indemnified Parties or the Non-MGE Indemnified Parties, as the case may be 
 Indemnifying Party means the party to this Agreement indemnifying the applicable Indemnified Party pursuant to Clause 13 
 8 

Indirect Ownership Percentage means, when used with respect to a Warrantholder or Exercise Shareholder in connection with a Group Company, such indirect beneficial equity ownership that such Warrantholder or Exercise Shareholder has in such Group Company by virtue of the Shares held by such Holder (assuming the full exercise of Warrants held thereby), calculated on a Fully Diluted Basis at each relevant Group Company level. By way of illustration, as of the Closing Date (but giving effect to the contemplated terms of the Hanwha Convertible Bonds as if they had been issued prior to the Closing Date), the Indirect Ownership Percentage of the Original Warrantholder in Inspire would be 
 (i) 16.0 (i.e., the Original Warrantholder s shareholding percentage in the Company, assuming the full exercise of Warrants held by it, on a Fully Diluted Basis), multiplied by 
 (ii) 100.0 (i.e., the Company s shareholding percentage in the Mezzanine Borrower, on a Fully Diluted Basis), multiplied by 
 (iii) 95.0 (i.e., the Mezzanine Borrower s shareholding percentage in Inspire on a Fully Diluted Basis, giving effect to the potential conversion of the Hanwha Convertible Bond) 
 equals 15.2 . 
 Initial Shareholding means the aggregate number of Warrants Shares and or Substitution Shares (on an as-exercised and as-substituted basis) underlying the Warrants constituted and purchased by the Original Warrantholder on the Closing Date pursuant to Clause 2.1 
 Inspire has the meaning set out in the Preamble 
 Inspire Board means the board of directors of Inspire from time to time 
 Inspire CFO has the meaning set out in Clause 6.5.3 
 Inspire Shares means the duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable Shares in the share capital of Inspire 
 IPO means an initial public offering involving the listing or the admission to trading of all or any part of the Equity Securities of any Group Company (including Inspire) 
 IPO Period has the meaning set out in Clause 7.6 
 IPO Price means the public offering price set forth on the front cover of the final prospectus for the IPO, as filed with the applicable stock exchange 
 Law means any international, national, federal, state or local law, constitution, treaty, convention, statute, ordinance, code, rule, regulation or common law enacted, adopted, promulgated or applied by any Governmental Authority, each as amended and now and hereafter in effect 
 Lead Holder means the Original Warrantholder (for so long as it holds 25 or more of the Initial Shareholding) or the Majority Holder (at any point after the Original Warrantholder holds less than 25 of the Initial Shareholding) 
 Legal Proceeding means any claim, litigation, action, suit (whether civil, criminal, administrative, judicial or investigative), audit, hearing or investigations or binding 
 9 

arbitration, mediation or proceeding, in each case commenced, brought, conducted or heard before any Governmental Authority, arbitrator or mediator 
 Liability means any and all debts, liabilities, commitments and obligations of any kind, whether fixed, contingent or absolute, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, accrued or not accrued, asserted or not asserted, known or unknown, determined, determinable or otherwise, whenever or however arising (including, whether arising out of any contract or tort based on negligence or strict liability) and whether or not the same would be required by applicable accounting standards to be reflected in financial statements or disclosed in the notes thereto 
 Loss means any loss, cost, Liability, damage, expense, interest, deficiency, settlement, award, judgment, fine, assessment, penalty, or offset, including reasonable attorneys fees in defending or attempting to avoid the same, or opposing the imposition thereof, costs of investigation and costs of enforcing any right to indemnification hereunder or pursuing any insurance providers 
 Manager Shareholder has the meaning set out in Clause 5.1.1(e) 
 Majority Holder means the Warrantholders and or Exercise Shareholders who at the relevant time in the aggregate hold more than 50 of the aggregate number of Warrant Shares underlying all unexercised Warrants and outstanding Exercised Shares as of the Closing Date provided , that the Warrants and or Exercised Shares (if any) held by any Group Company or Affiliates thereof shall not be included in such calculations 
 MBKP Initial Shareholding means the aggregate number of Warrants Shares and or Substitution Shares (on an as-exercised and as-substituted basis) underlying the Warrants constituted and purchased by the MBKP Warrantholder on the Closing Date pursuant to Clause 2.1 
 MBKP Warrantholder has the meaning set out in the Preamble 
 MBKP Warrant Price has the meaning set out in Clause 2.1.1(b) 
 MBKP Warrants has the meaning set out in Clause 2.1.1(b) 
 Mezzanine Borrower has the meaning set out in the Preamble 
 Mezzanine Borrower Share Pledge means the Borrower Share Charge as defined in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 Mezzanine Facility has the meaning given to the term Facility under the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 Mezzanine Lender means such original payee or any successor or permitted registered assignee from time to time under the Mezzanine Loan Agreement, being at the date of this Agreement Sankaty European Investments S. r.l. 
 Mezzanine Loan Agreement means the USD 275 million secured term loan facility agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between, among others, the MGE Korea Limited, as borrower, and Sankaty European Investments S. r.l., as lender 
 MGE Drag Along Right has the meaning set out in Clause 8.9.1 
 MGE Drag Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 8.9.2 
 MGE Drag Sale has the meaning set out in Clause 8.9.1 
 10 

MGE Dragged Holders has the meaning set out in Clause 8.9.1 
 MGE Indemnified Parties has the meaning set out in Clause 13.1 
 MGE Parties means the MGE Shareholder, the Company and the Mezzanine Borrower 
 MGE Seller has the meaning set out in Clause 8.4.1 
 MGE Shareholder has the meaning set out in the Preamble 
 Mohegan Management Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 Money Laundering Laws shall have the meaning set forth in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 Monthly Operating Report means (i) prior to the Operations Commencement Date, the monthly development and construction report (setting forth in reasonable detail (a) the progress and timetable relating to the construction of the Project, (b) the construction budget and expenses (with comparison against budgeted costs and forward projection of construction budget and financials) and (c) commentary discussion on construction timing, performance and quality, and any material difficulties or delays encountered and related measures being taken (or considered) to address such difficulties or delays) and copies of any reports provided to the construction committee including the Hanwha construction report and the WSP report and (ii) on or after the Operations Commencement Date, the monthly operating report substantially consistent with the sample materials delivered by the MGE Shareholder to the Original Warrantholder on October 31, 2021 entitled June 30 2021 CT DOR (setting forth in reasonable detail (A) financial statements, (B) segment earnings, (C) details on KPIs and tracking indicators and (D) hiring, Capex, marketing and other key business plans, in each case, with comparisons against the Annual Budget) 
 Non-MGE Indemnified Parties has the meaning set out in Clause 13.2 
 Non-MGE Shareholder(s) means a Shareholder (including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Exercise Shareholder) who is not an MGE Shareholder, Manager Shareholder or an Affiliate of MGE Shareholder or Manager Shareholder 
 Observer has the meaning set out in Clause 6.4.1 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of the Treasury 
 Offer Period has the meaning set out in Clause 6.6.5 
 Operations Commencement Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 Organizational Document means, for any Person (i) the articles or certificate of incorporation, formation or organization (as applicable) and the by-laws or similar governing document of such Person or (ii) any limited liability company agreement, partnership agreement, operating agreement, shareholder agreement, voting agreement, voting trust agreement or similar document of or regarding such Person, as applicable 
 Original Warrantholder has the meaning set out in the Preamble 
 11 

Outstanding Options means at the relevant time, excluding the Warrants, all outstanding (i) securities convertible into or exchangeable for Shares as if all conversion or exchange rights attaching to such securities had been exercised in full, or (ii) options, warrants or other rights (whether or not contingent or conditional) to subscribe for Shares, or securities convertible into Shares as if all of those outstanding options, warrants or other rights had been exercised in full (and in respect of any options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for securities convertible into Shares, as if all conversion rights attaching to such securities had been exercised in full) 
 Person means any individual, firm, corporation, general or limited partnership, limited liability company, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, joint stock company, estate, trust, association, organization, labour union, Governmental Authority or other entity of any kind 
 PFIC has the meaning set out in Clause 6.1.1(b) 
 Phase 1B Project Performance Guarantee Agreement shall have the meaning given to it in the Senior Facilities Agreement 
 Pre-Emptive Acceptance Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 6.6.3(b) 
 Pre-Emptive Exercise Period has the meaning set out in Clause 6.6.3(a) 
 Pre-Emptive Offer has the meaning set out in Clause 6.6.1 
 Pre-Emptive Offered Shares has the meaning set out in Clause 6.6.2(a) 
 Pre-Emption Portion has the meaning set out in Clause 6.6.2(b) 
 Prohibited Person means any Person whose ownership of the Equity Securities of the Group Companies violates the applicable gaming license and suitability requirements imposed from time to time by the applicable Governmental Authorities (including Gaming Boards) to the extent such violation would result in the failure of the Sponsor or its Subsidiaries to maintain its gambling, gaming or casino licenses in the relevant jurisdictions, as evidenced by a formal written notice stipulating the same from the applicable Governmental Authorities addressed to such Person or addressed to the Sponsor, any MGE Party or their respective applicable Subsidiaries specifically naming such Person (and promptly delivered by the Sponsor or such MGE Party or Subsidiary to such Person) 
 Prohibited Warrantholder has the meaning set out in Clause 8.7.1 
 Project means the integrated resort project as described in the Prerequisites of Qualified Notice which involves the construction of facilities such as hotels, casino buildings and a family park (but excluding any theme park or themed attractions) on the project site of 461,661 square metres in the IBC (international business center)-III region owned by Incheon International Airport located at 2955 Unseo-dong, Jung-gu, Incheon, Korea, known as the INSPIRE Integrated Entertainment Resort 
 Pro Rata Portion means, for any holder of Company Equity Securities as of a particular time, a fraction determined by dividing (a) the number of the Company Equity Securities owned by such holder of Company Equity Securities immediately prior to such time by (b) the aggregate number of the Company Equity Securities outstanding immediately prior to such time, in each case, on an as-converted, Fully Diluted Basis 
 Property shall have the meaning set forth in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 12 

Prospective Transferee has the meaning set out in Clause 8.4.6 
 Put Holder has the meaning set out in Clause 8.2.1 
 Put Holder Call Option Exercise Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 8.2.10(b) 
 Put Holder Called Warrants has the meaning set out in Clause 8.2.10(b) 
 Put Holder Put Option Exercise Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 8.6.10(b) 
 Put Holder Put Warrants has the meaning set out in Clause 8.6.10(b) 
 Put Option has the meaning set out in Clause 8.2.1 
 Put Option Exercise Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 8.2.2 
 Put Option Exercise Period has the meaning set out in Clause 8.2.2 
 Put Settlement Period has the meaning set out in Clause 8.2.7 
 Put Price has the meaning set out in Clause 8.2.1 
 Put Warrants has the meaning set out in Clause 8.2.1 
 Qualified IPO means a firm commitment underwritten IPO (i) on an Approved Exchange that is of a sufficient offering size to permit the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders, should they choose to do so, to sell all of their respective Exercised Shares or Substitution Shares (assuming the full exercise of the Warrants or the Substitution Rights by such Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders) in such IPO, on a priority basis ahead of any Equity Securities held by the other Shareholders provided that, the Company and the Original Warrantholder (for so long as it holds 10 or more of the Initial Shareholding) or the Majority Holder (at any point after the Original Warrantholder holds less than 10 of the Initial Shareholding) shall discuss, acting reasonably and in good faith, the offering size of such IPO and provided further , that for the avoidance of doubt, the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders do not need to actually sell any of their respective Exercised Shares or Substitution Shares in such an IPO for it to be deemed a Qualified IPO, or (ii) that has received the prior written consent of the Original Warrantholder (for so long as it holds 10 or more of the Initial Shareholding) or the Majority Holder (at any point after the Original Warrantholder holds less than 10 of the Initial Shareholding) 
 Refinancing Arrangements means any arrangements entered into by any Group Company to refinance the debt facilities under the Mezzanine Loan Agreement and or the Senior Facilities Agreement and any subsequent refinancing thereof 
 Register means the register of Persons for the time being entitled to the benefit of the Warrants required to be maintained pursuant to this Agreement 
 Representatives means, with respect to a Person, such Person s Affiliates and its and their respective directors, officers, employees, partners, members, shareholders, representatives and agents 
 Right of First Offer has the meaning set out in Clause 8.8.2 
 ROFO Acceptance Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 8.8.2 
 13 

ROFO Acceptance Period has the meaning set out in Clause 8.8.2 
 ROFO Holder has the meaning set out in Clause 8.8.1 
 ROFO Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 8.8.1 
 ROFO Right has the meaning set out in Clause 8.8.2 
 ROFO Sale Price has the meaning set out in Clause 8.8.1 
 ROFO Sale Terms has the meaning set out in Clause 8.8.1 
 ROFO Securities has the meaning set out in Clause 8.8.1 
 ROFR has the meaning set out in Clause 8.5.1 
 ROFR Securities has the meaning set out in Clause 8.5.2 
 Rules has the meaning set out in Clause 20.1.1 
 Sanctions means, collectively, any economic sanction currently administered by OFAC, or by the U.S. Department of State, or any sanctions currently imposed by the European Union (including under Council Regulation (EC) No. 194 2008), the United Nations Security Council, Her Majesty s Treasury or any other relevant Governmental Authority 
 Senior Borrower Share Pledge has the meaning set forth in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 Senior Facilities has the meaning given to the term Facilities under the Senior Facilities Agreement 
 Senior Facilities Agreement means the facilities agreement dated as of September 24, 2021, entered into between, among others, Inspire as borrower, the financial institutions listed therein as original lenders and Kookmin Bank Co., Ltd as facility agent and security agent providing for loans up to the aggregate principal amount of KRW1,040,000,000 
 Senior Secured Parties has the meaning set forth in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 Share means any share in the capital of the Company from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Exercised Shares and the Subscribed Shares) and, following exercise by the Substituting Holders of their Substitution Rights in accordance with Clause 7.8, any share in the capital of the relevant Substitution Entity from time to time, and references to Shares shall be construed accordingly 
 Shareholder means any holder of any Share from time to time 
 Special Called Warrants has the meaning set out in Clause 8.7.1 
 Special Call Option has the meaning set out in Clause 8.7.1 
 Special Call Option Exercise Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 8.7.2 
 Special Call Price has the meaning set out in Clause 8.7.1 
 Special Call Settlement Period has the meaning set out in Clause 8.7.6 
 14 

Special Call True-up Amount has the meaning set out in Clause 8.7.7 
 Special Call Upfront Amount has the meaning set out in Clause 8.7.1(b) 
 Sponsor means Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority d b a Mohegan Gaming & Entertainment, a governmental instrumentality of the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut 
 Sponsor Indemnity has the meaning set forth in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 Subscribed Shares means Pre-Emptive Offered Shares issued to a Holder or an Allottee pursuant to Clause 6.5 
 Subscription Rights has the meaning set out in Clause 2.2.2 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person of which such specified Person, directly or indirectly through one or more Subsidiaries, (a) owns at least 50 of the outstanding Equity Securities entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors or similar governing body of such other Person, or (b) has the power to generally direct the business and policies of that other Person, whether by contract or as a general partner, managing member, manager, joint venture partner, agent or otherwise 
 Substituting Holders has the meaning set out in Clause 7.8.1 
 Substitution Entity has the meaning set out in Clause 7.8.3 
 Substitution Event has the meaning set out in Clause 7.8.1 
 Substitution FMV has the meaning set out in Clause 7.8.4(a)(i) 
 Substitution Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 7.8.1 
 Substitution Parent has the meaning set out in Clause 7.8.3 
 Substitution Right has the meaning set out in Clause 7.8.1 
 Substitution Shares has the meaning set out in Clause 7.8.1 
 Substitution Share Transfer Price has the meaning set out in Clause 7.8.6(a) 
 Substitution Transaction has the meaning set out in Clause 7.8.6 
 Tag Along Exercise Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 8.4.5 
 Tag Along Exercise Period has the meaning set out in Clause 8.4.5 
 Tag Along Holder(s) has the meaning set out in Clause 8.4.5(a) 
 Tag Along Notice has the meaning set out in Clause 8.4.2 
 Tag Along Offered Shares has the meaning set out in Clause 8.4.1 
 Tag Along Right has the meaning set out in Clause 8.4.1 
 Tag Along Sale has the meaning set out in Clause 8.4.1 
 Tag Along Shares has the meaning set out in Clause 8.4.6 
 15 

Third Party Buyer means, with respect to a Shareholder (including an Exercise Shareholder) or Warrantholder, any Person who is not an Affiliate of such Shareholder or Warrantholder (as the case may be) 
 Total Subscription Rights means the aggregate Subscription Rights of the Warrants constituted by this Agreement in issue at the relevant time 
 Trade Sale means a sale or disposal (directly or indirectly) of (a) any Equity Securities in any Group Company in any transaction or series of related transactions in which the shareholders immediately prior to such transaction(s) shall, immediately after such transaction(s), own less than fifty percent (50 of the voting power of the relevant Group Company or (b) all or substantially all assets of any Group Company to a Third Party Buyer 
 Transfer means, directly or indirectly, to sell, assign, donate or similarly dispose of, either voluntarily or involuntarily, or to enter into any binding contract, option or other arrangement or understanding with respect to the sale, assignment or similar disposition of, any Equity Securities beneficially owned by a Person or any interest in any Equity Securities beneficially owned by a Person, which shall include a sale, assignment, donation or similar disposition of an equity interest in a Person whose assets are substantially comprised of the Equity Securities on a direct or indirect basis 
 Transfer Taxes has the meaning set out in Clause 7.8.6(b) 
 Valuation Expert means an Accounting Firm or a bulge bracket investment bank that is mutually consented to by (i) the Lead Holder, on the one hand, and (ii) the Company and MGE Shareholder, on the other hand, within five (5) Business Days of a request to that effect from one party to the other, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed provided that if such parties are not able to agree on a Valuation Expert, each of the Lead Holder, on the one hand, and the Company and MGE Shareholder, on the other hand, shall each promptly select an Accounting Firm or a bulge bracket investment bank as its respective valuation expert, and promptly cause such two valuation experts to mutually select a third independent valuation expert to act as the Valuation Expert within five (5) Business Days from the date such disagreement on the selection of the Valuation Expert has been notified in writing to the other party provided further , that, in each case, such valuation expert must be an Accounting Firm or a bulge bracket investment bank 
 Valuation Notification has the meaning set out in Clause 12.2 
 Valuation Request has the meaning set out in Clause 12 
 Warrants means the warrants of the Company constituted by this Agreement and all rights conferred by them (including Subscription Rights and Substitution Rights) 
 Warrant Exercise Notice means a notice substantially in the form of the schedule to the Certificate or in any other form which may be approved by the Directors 
 Warrant Exercise Period means, with respect to the Warrants, a period from the third (3 rd anniversary until the tenth (10 th anniversary of the Closing Date (or, if earlier, upon the occurrence of any Exit Event or Distribution) 
 Warrant Price has the meaning set out in Clause 2.1.1(b) 
 Warrant Shares means any and all Shares in the share capital of the Company which are to be, or capable of being, subscribed for pursuant to the exercise of the Subscription Rights with respect to the Warrants 
 16 

Warrant Share Subscription Price has the meaning set out in Clause 2.2.2 
 Warrantholder means (a) the Original Warrantholder (so long as the Original Warrantholder continues to hold any Warrants), (b) the MBKP Warrantholder (so long as the MBKP Warrantholder continues to hold any Warrants) and (c) any other Person(s) who acquire(s) Warrants from a Warrantholder in compliance with this Agreement and execute(s) a Deed of Adherence as a Warrantholder and in whose name(s) a Warrant is registered from time to time as evidenced by the Register and 
 Warrantholders Resolution means a resolution consented to in writing by Warrantholders entitled to exercise more than 50 of the Total Subscription Rights provided , that the Warrants (if any) held by any member of the Group Companies or its respective Affiliates shall not be included in such calculations. 
 1.2 Unless the context requires otherwise, words and expressions that are defined in the Articles and words and expressions that are defined in or that have a meaning ascribed to them by Companies Law shall have the same meaning in this Agreement. 
 1.3 In this Agreement 
 1.3.1 references to a Clause or schedule to this Agreement are to a Clause of or schedule to this Agreement, and references to this Agreement include the schedules 
 1.3.2 the headings in this Agreement do not affect its construction or interpretation 
 1.3.3 references to a statute or a statutory provision include references to such statute or statutory provision as amended or re-enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and include all subordinate legislation made under the relevant statute whether before or after the date of this Agreement 
 1.3.4 a reference to a document is a reference to that document as amended or modified from time to time in writing by the mutual consent of the parties thereto or as otherwise permitted in accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
 1.3.5 references to writing will be deemed to include any modes of reproducing words in a legible or non-transitory form 
 1.3.6 the singular includes the plural and vice versa and any gender includes any other gender and 
 1.3.7 references to the words include and including are illustrative, do not limit the sense of the words preceding them and shall be deemed to include the expression without limitation . 
 2. CONSTITUTION 
 2.1 Constitution of Warrants and Payment of Warrant Price 
 2.1.1 On the Closing Date 
 (a) in consideration of the cash purchase price in the amount of USD 10,909,090.91 (the BCC Warrant Price (which has been agreed by the parties hereto, at arm s length, is intended to represent the fair value of the Subscription Rights and the Substitution Rights as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date) payable by the Original Warrantholder, the Company shall constitute 3,200 Warrants to 
 17 

subscribe for 3,200 Shares of the Company, which represent sixteen percent (16.0 of the Fully Diluted Share Capital of the Company as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date (the BCC Warrants ), at a purchase price per Warrant equal to USD 3,409.09 on the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and 
 (b) in consideration of the cash purchase price in the amount of USD 4,090,909.09 (the MBKP Warrant Price and, together with the BCC Warrant Price, the Warrant Price (which has been agreed by the parties hereto, at arm s length, is intended to represent the fair value of the Subscription Rights and the Substitution Rights as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date) payable by the MBKP Warrantholder, the Company shall constitute 1,200 Warrants to subscribe for 1,200 Shares of the Company, which represent six percent (6.0 of the Fully Diluted Share Capital of the Company as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date (the MBKP Warrants ), at a purchase price per Warrant equal to USD 3,409.09 on the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement. 
 2.1.2 On or prior to the Closing Date 
 (a) the Company shall deliver to the Original Warrantholder, in exchange for the receipt of the BCC Warrant Price 
 (i) the BCC Warrants by way of physical delivery to the Original Warrantholder, as evidenced by the Certificate(s) and 
 (ii) copies of the minutes of the meeting of the Board and the board of directors of the other MGE Parties and Inspire approving the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby 
 (b) the Original Warrantholder shall, in exchange for the Original Warrantholder s receipt of the Company s deliverables set forth in Clause 2.1.2(a) above 
 (i) pay or cause to be paid to the Company the BCC Warrant Price, by making a same day electronic transfer in cash to a bank account nominated by the Company, the details of which shall have been notified by the Company to the Original Warrantholder at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date and 
 (ii) deliver to the Company copies of the minutes of the meeting of the board of directors of the Original Warrantholder approving the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby 
 (c) the Company shall deliver to the MBKP Warrantholder, in exchange for the receipt of the MBKP Warrant Price 
 (i) the MBKP Warrants by way of physical delivery to the MBKP Warrantholder, as evidenced by the Certificate(s) and 
 (ii) copies of the minutes of the meeting of the Board and the board of directors of the other MGE Parties and Inspire approving the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and 
 18 

(d) the MBKP Warrantholder shall, in exchange for the MBKP Warrantholder s receipt of the Company s deliverables set forth in Clause 2.1.2(c) above 
 (i) pay or cause to be paid to the Company the MBKP Warrant Price, by making a same day electronic transfer in cash to a bank account nominated by the Company, the details of which shall have been notified by the Company to the MBKP Warrantholder at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date and 
 (ii) deliver to the Company copies of the minutes of the meeting of the board of directors of the MBKP Warrantholder approving the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 2.1.3 The Warrants will be in certificated form and rank pari passu amongst themselves in all respects and without discrimination or preference. 
 2.1.4 The parties hereto acknowledge and agree, and shall procure, that, in the event of a Substitution Transaction where the applicable Substitution Entity is Inspire or another entity incorporated or organized in Korea, the Warrant Price shall be part of the purchase price of the shares in the relevant Substitution Entity for the purposes of any applicable Korean tax and FIPL Filings. 
 2.2 Subscription Rights 
 2.2.1 The Company grants the Subscription Rights and other rights pursuant to this Agreement to the Warrantholders (and their respective successors and assigns) for good and valuable consideration, including but not limited to the payment of the Warrant Price, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto. 
 2.2.2 Each Warrant will give the Warrantholder holding such Warrant the right to subscribe in cash, at a purchase price per share of USD 0.01 (one cent) (the Warrant Share Subscription Price ), at any time during the Warrant Exercise Period and or upon any Exit Event or Distribution being made with respect to the Company s Shares in accordance with Clause 3.1, for one (1) duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable Share in the capital of the Company (each a Subscription Right and collectively the Subscription Rights on the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement. 
 3. EXERCISE OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS 
 3.1 Timing 
 Each Warrantholder may exercise its respective Subscription Rights, in accordance with the procedure set out in Clause 3.2 and the other terms and conditions of this Agreement 
 3.1.1 at any time during the Warrant Exercise Period, without condition or 
 3.1.2 at any time from the Closing Date until the expiry of the Warrant Exercise Period conditionally upon an Exit Event occurring or a Distribution being made with respect to the Company s Shares, in which case the relevant 
 19 

Warrant Exercise Notice will specify such Exit Event or Distribution which it is conditional upon. 
 3.2 Exercise 
 3.2.1 Each Warrantholder may validly exercise all or any part of its Warrants in accordance with the procedures set out in this Clause 3.2. 
 3.2.2 The Subscription Rights are not exercisable in respect of a fraction of a Warrant Share. 
 3.2.3 In order to exercise any Warrants, the Warrantholder must, having completed the Warrant Exercise Notice, deliver it to the Company in accordance with Clause 18 Notices together with the Certificate(s) for the Warrants which are being exercised. 
 3.2.4 A Warrant Exercise Notice may be served in respect of all or some of the Warrantholder s Warrants and may, in accordance with Clause 3.1, be conditional on an Exit Event or Distribution occurring or being made with respect to the Company s Shares. 
 3.2.5 A conditional Warrant Exercise Notice may be revoked by the Warrantholder by written notice to the Company at any time prior to the consummation of such Exit Event or payment of the Distribution described in the Warrant Exercise Notice. 
 3.2.6 Any revocation of a Warrant Exercise Notice in accordance with Clause 3.2.5 will be without prejudice to the Warrantholder s right to send to the Company further Warrant Exercise Notices in respect of the Warrants which are the subject of the revoked Warrant Exercise Notice and or further Warrant Exercise Notices in respect of any unexercised Warrants. 
 3.2.7 On or before the day the Warrant Shares are to be issued, the relevant Warrantholder will deliver to the Company the aggregate Warrant Share Subscription Price in respect of the Warrant Shares being issued upon such exercise of the Warrants by either 
 (a) delivering to the Company a banker s draft or 
 (b) making a same day electronic transfer in cash to a bank account nominated by the Company, the details of which shall have been notified by the Company to the Warrantholders at least three (3) Business Days prior to such day the Warrant Shares are to be issued. 
 3.3 Expiration 
 3.3.1 All unexercised Warrants shall automatically lapse and cease to be exercisable upon the earliest to occur of (a) the expiration of the Warrant Exercise Period (b) the consummation of an Exit Event (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, Warrants exercised in connection with such Exit Event) in accordance with the applicable requirements of this Agreement or (c) the consummation of a Substitution Transaction. 
 3.3.2 For the avoidance of doubt, the expiration of unexercised Warrants pursuant to Clause 3.3.1 shall in no way affect the rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of the Exercised Shares (including, without limitation, the Substitution Rights exercisable by the Substituting Holders in respect 
 20 

thereof) or relieve any party from Liability for any breach hereof prior to such expiration. 
 4. ISSUE OF SHARES UPON EXERCISE OF WARRANTS RIGHTS ATTACHING TO SHARES 
 4.1 Timing of Allotment and Issuance 
 Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of Warrants will be allotted 
 4.1.1 if the Warrant Exercise Notice is expressed to be conditional on an Exit Event occurring or a Distribution being made with respect to the Company s Shares, immediately prior to, or otherwise, so as to enable the Warrantholders to fully participate as a Shareholder in, the Exit Event or the Distribution or 
 4.1.2 otherwise, on the date specified in the Warrant Exercise Notice (such date being no earlier than five (5) Business Days after the date of the Warrant Exercise Notice). 
 4.2 Allotment and Issuance Procedures 
 On each date specified in Clause 4.1, the Company will 
 4.2.1 allot and issue to each Warrantholder the Warrant Shares to which such Warrantholder is entitled pursuant to the relevant Warrant Exercise Notice 
 4.2.2 enter such Warrantholder s name in the register of members of the Company as the holder of the corresponding Exercised Shares issued to such Warrantholder 
 4.2.3 update the Register to reflect the exercise of the Warrants 
 4.2.4 deliver (at the Company s cost) to such Warrantholder s address stipulated in the Warrant Exercise Notice, certificate(s) in respect of the Exercised Shares issued to it and 
 4.2.5 if applicable, issue a new Certificate to such Warrantholder in respect of the balance of the Warrants retained by such Warrantholder. 
 4.3 Rights attaching to Warrant Shares and Exercised Shares 
 The Company hereby warrants, covenants and agrees that the Warrant Shares allotted pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants will, upon issuance as the Exercised Shares, and the Company shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that such Warrant Shares and Exercised Shares will 
 4.3.1 be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, issued without violation of any pre-emptive or similar rights of any stockholder of the Company and free and clear of all Encumbrances (other than any restrictions on transfer imposed by securities Laws, this Agreement or the Articles) 
 4.3.2 be issued without violation by the Company of its Organizational Documents, any applicable Law or governmental regulation or any requirements of any domestic securities exchange upon which the Shares or other securities constituting Warrant Shares may be listed at the time of such exercise (except for official notice of issuance which shall be immediately delivered by the Company upon each such issuance) 
 21 

4.3.3 be subject to and benefit from all of the rights and obligations relating to the Shares under the Articles 
 4.3.4 rank pari passu in all respects with the fully paid Shares then in issue and 
 4.3.5 be entitled to receive any dividend or other Distribution announced or declared in respect of any Shares from and after the issue date of such Exercised Shares. 
 4.4 Status as Exercise Shareholder 
 Immediately following the issue of any Exercised Shares to any Person who is party to this Agreement as a Warrantholder, such Person shall automatically be deemed to be a party to this Agreement as an Exercise Shareholder in respect of such Exercised Shares and as a Warrantholder in respect of any Warrants that it may continue to hold, and if the Warrantholder no longer holds any Warrants following the exercise of the relevant Warrants, such Warrantholder shall automatically cease to be party to this Agreement as a Warrantholder and shall only be party to this Agreement as an Exercise Shareholder. For the avoidance of doubt, this Clause 4.4 shall be without prejudice to any accrued rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement. 
 4.5 Cancellation of Warrants 
 Each Warrant which has been exercised will be deemed to be cancelled upon exercise. 
 5. ADJUSTMENT OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS 
 5.1 Adjustments 
 5.1.1 If, while any Subscription Rights remain exercisable, there is 
 (a) a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the Shares 
 (b) a reduction of capital (of whatever nature, but excluding a cancellation of capital that is lost or not represented by available assets), or any other reduction in the number of Shares in issue from time to time 
 (c) any issue of Shares by way of dividend or Distribution 
 (d) any issue of Shares by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves (including share premium account and any capital redemption reserve) 
 (e) any issue of Shares or other Equity Securities to or for the benefit of directors, officers and or employees of the Company or any other Group Company, or any entity Controlled by or managed on behalf of the directors, officers and or employees of the Company or any other Group Company (each such Person, a Manager Shareholder ), in accordance with the terms of any management incentive plan that may be adopted by any Group Company from time to time 
 (f) a consolidation, amalgamation or merger of the Company with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger following which the Company is the surviving entity and which does not result in any reclassification of, or change in, the Shares) or 
 (g) any issue of Shares for the purposes of funding (i) any amounts under the Phase 1B Project Performance Guarantee Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of any additional investment condition required by the 
 22 

Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism of the Republic of Korea or any successor entity thereof in connection with Inspire obtaining an extension for the application for the Final Casino License, (iii) an additional investment of up to KRW 50 billion required to be applied towards the development and working capital requirements of Inspire, (iv) any amounts under the Credit Enhancement Support Agreement or (v) any amounts required to cure or prevent a breach of the financial covenants in accordance with clause 19.5 Equity Cure of the Mezzanine Loan Agreement, 
 (each an Adjustment Event ), then the Company shall (and MGE Shareholder shall so cause the Company to) adjust the Subscription Rights on any such event occurring (an Adjustment so that, after such Adjustment, the total number of Warrant Shares for which the outstanding Subscription Rights would then be capable of being exercised carry as nearly as possible (and in any event not less than) the same proportion of the voting rights attached to the Fully Diluted Share Capital and the same entitlement to participate in the profits and assets of the Company (including on liquidation) as if there had been no such event giving rise to the Adjustment, for no additional consideration, and the Company shall update the Register accordingly. 
 5.1.2 Any Adjustment made pursuant to this Clause 5.1 shall become effective immediately upon the effective date of the relevant Adjustment Event. The purpose of any such Adjustment shall be purely to put each Warrantholder in the same position as prevailed prior to such Adjustment Event. 
 5.1.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may only effect an Adjustment Event solely to the extent permitted by and in compliance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement (including without limitation Clause 7 hereof). 
 5.2 Cancellation and Issue of Certificate 
 Following an Adjustment, the Company shall, subject only to receipt from the Warrantholder of its Certificate (or an indemnity in place thereof in a form reasonably acceptable to the Board), cancel the Certificate so received and issue a replacement Certificate for all the Warrants then registered in its name. 
 5.3 Adjustment Disputes 
 5.3.1 The Company shall give each Warrantholder written notice of any Adjustment Event, together with details of the relevant Adjustment, no later than twenty (20) Business Days before the occurrence of such Adjustment Event. 
 5.3.2 If the Lead Holder notifies the Company in writing within ten (10) Business Days of receipt of a notice given under Clause 5.3.1 that they disagree with any Adjustment (an Adjustment Dispute ), the parties hereto shall attempt to resolve such Adjustment Dispute in good faith for a period of ten (10) Business Days, following which any unresolved Adjustment Dispute shall be referred to the Accounting Expert for determination. The Company shall (and MGE Shareholder shall cause the Company to) immediately cease and postpone the Adjustment Event, pending resolution of the Adjustment Dispute in accordance with Clause 5.3.3. 
 5.3.3 In respect of an Adjustment Dispute 
 23 

(a) The Accounting Expert shall determine the matters at issue in the Adjustment Dispute and notify the parties hereto of the results within ten (10) Business Days from reference of the Adjustment Dispute 
 (b) The Company shall (and MGE Shareholder shall cause the Company to), and the Warrantholders shall, promptly and fully cooperate with the Accounting Expert, including by furnishing all requested information and copies of documents and granting reasonable access to the books and records and management and employees of any Group Company, in each case, as may be reasonably requested by the Accounting Expert in connection with the Adjustment Dispute 
 (c) the Accounting Expert shall have the right to seek such professional assistance and advice as it may require 
 (d) the Accounting Expert s fees and any professional costs incurred by it shall be paid by the Company and the disagreeing Warrantholders in inverse proportion as they may prevail on such disagreement and 
 (e) the Accounting Expert shall act as an expert and not as an arbitrator and its decision shall (in the absence of manifest error or fraud) be final and binding on the Company and all Warrantholders. 
 6. INFORMATION AND RIGHTS OF HOLDERS 
 6.1 Information to be provided regarding the Group Companies 
 6.1.1 The Company shall (and MGE Shareholder shall cause the Company to) furnish, or procure to be furnished, to each Holder (at the Company s cost) 
 (a) all such information set forth in clause 18 Information Undertakings of the Mezzanine Loan Agreement, as if each Holder were a Mezzanine Lender and as if references to the Borrower therein refer to each of the Company and the Mezzanine Borrower, mutatis mutandis , notwithstanding any earlier termination of the Mezzanine Loan Agreement or expiry or lapse of such information undertakings by the Mezzanine Borrower under the terms of the Mezzanine Loan Agreement 
 (b) as soon as practicable, information and assistance relating to any Group Company as such Holder may reasonably request in order for it (or any direct or indirect investor in it) to file any tax returns or reports, to make any filings, returns, reports, applications or elections to obtain any available credit, refund, reduction or exemption from taxes or otherwise to comply with any tax reporting (including without limitation such information as is reasonably required (i) pertinent to the status of any Group Company as a passive foreign investment company (a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes (ii) to allow any applicable election and associated reporting in connection with the status of any such Group Company as a PFIC or (iii) to determine whether any Group Company is a controlled foreign company for U.S. federal income tax purposes and to comply with filing and reporting requirements in connection therewith) 
 (c) as soon as practicable, but in any event no later than November 1 of each calendar year, the draft Annual Budget for the Group Companies for the then immediately subsequent calendar year 
 24 

(d) as soon as practicable, but in any event no later than the 15 th day of each month, the Monthly Operating Report 
 (e) to the extent not otherwise deliverable under Clauses 6.1.1(a), (b) and (c), copies of any updated Business Plan (to the extent the Business Plan is updated) and all material documents, statements, notices, circulars or reports in respect of the Project and the operations of the Group Companies delivered to the Senior Secured Parties, HE&C, the MGE Parties, Inspire and or other holders of shares in any Group Company and 
 (f) reasonable access to the premises, assets, books, accounts, records of the Group Companies and reasonable opportunity to consult with senior management of any Group Company regarding its financial position and operations, in each case, during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice and in such a manner that does not unreasonably interfere with the normal operations of the Group Companies. 
 6.1.2 The Company shall (and MGE Shareholder shall cause the Company to) 
 (a) promptly inform the Original Warrantholder of any material correspondence with Governmental Authorities relating to the permits and licenses necessary for the Project 
 (b) promptly furnish, or procure to be furnished, to the Original Warrantholder copies of all material documents, statements, notices, filings, submissions or other written information relating to such material correspondence and 
 (c) use commercially reasonable endeavours to procure that at least one representative of the Lead Holder is permitted to attend all material meetings and discussions with Governmental Authorities relating to the licenses necessary for the Project where the outcome of such meetings or discussions would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the Project or the licenses necessary for the Project or the business, operations, property, assets or financial condition of the Group Companies (taken as a whole) or the rights or interests of the Warrantholders or Exercise Shareholders in any material respect provided that, if such attendance is not permitted by the relevant Governmental Authority or if otherwise a representative of the Lead Holder is unable to attend or otherwise participate by teleconference or video conferencing, the Company will promptly (and in any event within two (2) Business Days of such meeting or discussion) furnish, or procure to be furnished, to the Lead Holder a summary of such meeting or discussion. 
 6.2 Attendance at Meetings 
 6.2.1 Each Warrantholder may attend all general meetings of members of the Company but may not vote at those meetings in its capacity as holder of or in respect of its holdings of Warrants. 
 6.2.2 For the avoidance of doubt, each Exercise Shareholder may attend all general meetings of members of the Company and vote at those meetings in its capacity as holder of or in respect of its holdings of Exercised Shares. 
 
 25 

6.3 Appointment of Holder Director 
 6.3.1 The Lead Holder shall be entitled to appoint one (1) director (the Holder Director to the Inspire Board provided , that the Lead Holder shall be entitled, in its sole discretion, to waive its right to so appoint the Holder Director at any time, by delivery of a written notice to Inspire. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, if 
 (a) the Original Warrantholder ceases to hold 25 or more of the Initial Shareholding, it shall promptly give notice to Inspire to remove the director nominated by it or 
 (b) the Holder Director, following his appointment, ceases to be in compliance, based on professional legal or tax advice that is applied equally to all of the directors of Inspire, with (i) applicable Law, including satisfactory completion of all applicable licensing and suitability requirements imposed from time to time by any applicable Governmental Authorities, or (ii) any applicable tax residency requirements or best practices, the Lead Holder (as applicable) shall promptly give notice to Inspire to remove (and, if applicable, replace) the director nominated by it. 
 6.3.2 The Mezzanine Borrower shall (and the other MGE Parties shall cause the Mezzanine Borrower to) cast all votes to which it is entitled in respect of the shares of Inspire, whether at any annual or special meeting, by written consent or otherwise 
 (a) to nominate and elect as a director on the Inspire Board of such individual(s) designated by the Lead Holder to serve as the Holder Director and 
 (b) to remove and or replace as a director on the Inspire Board any Holder Director upon, and only upon, the written request of the Lead Holder. 
 6.3.3 The Inspire shall, and the MGE Parties shall cause Inspire to, pay or reimburse each Holder Director, upon such director s request, for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending the Inspire Board or committee meetings and otherwise performing their duties as directors and committee members. 
 6.3.4 A quorum for the transaction of business at a meeting of the Inspire Board shall at all times following the appointment of a Holder Director require the presence of the Holder Director (unless Lead Holder has waived its right to nominate, elect and maintain the Holder Director pursuant to Clause 6.3.1), either present in person or, by teleconference or video conferencing or represented by proxy provided that if a quorum is not present due to the failure of the Holder Director to be so present, the meeting shall be adjourned to the same time three (3) days later (unless such day is not a Business Day, in which case it shall be adjourned to the Business Day immediately following such day) and duly notified to all Directors, and if a quorum is not present at the reconvened meeting due to the absence of the Holder Director, a quorum shall not require the presence of the Holder Director for such reconvened meeting. 
 6.3.5 The MGE Parties shall (i) cause Inspire to ensure that a customary directors and officers (D&O) liability insurance policy, covering potential liabilities of the directors of the Group Companies to the extent permitted by applicable 
 26 

Law, is in place for the benefit of all such directors, including the Holder Director and (ii) amend the articles of incorporation of Inspire to include the directors and officers indemnification provisions that are substantially similar to those in the articles of association of Mezzanine Borrower, subject to such changes as may be required to comply with applicable Law, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii) above, as soon as reasonably practicable following the appointment of a Holder Director. 
 6.3.6 The Original Warrantholder or the Majority Holder (as applicable) shall ensure that any Holder Director shall act in accordance with any applicable tax residency requirements or best practices which are reasonably required, based on professional legal or tax advice and applied equally to all of the directors of Inspire. 
 6.3.7 The MGE Parties shall cause Inspire not to have more than seven (7) Directors at any time. The MGE Parties shall, and shall cause their director designees to, take all such actions as may be necessary or desirable to give effect to this provision. 
 6.4 Appointment of Observers 
 6.4.1 (a) the Original Warrantholder (for so long as it holds 10 or more of the Initial Shareholding) or the Majority Holder (at any point after the Original Warrantholder holds less than 10 of the Initial Shareholding) shall be entitled from time to time to appoint one (1) non-voting observer (an Observer to, and (b) the MBKP Warrantholder (for so long as it holds 10 or more of the MBKP Initial Shareholding) shall be entitled from time to time to appoint one (1) Observer to 
 (i) the Board 
 (ii) the Inspire Board and 
 (iii) the board of directors of each other Group Company (other than the Company or Inspire (as applicable)), 
 to attend meetings of each such board (and meetings of any committees of such boards) as an observer and to remove any person so appointed and to appoint another person in his or her place. 
 6.4.2 Any appointment or removal in accordance with Clause 6.4.1 shall 
 (a) be made by notice in writing served on the applicable Group Company and 
 (b) take effect at the time that it is served on the applicable Group Company or at any other time as shall be stated in such notice. 
 6.4.3 The Group Companies shall, and the MGE Parties and Inspire shall procure the Group Companies to, procure that any Observer appointed in accordance with Clause 6.4.1 shall be entitled to attend and speak at meetings of the relevant board of directors (whether in full or by committee), but shall not be entitled to vote nor shall such Observer be, or be regarded as, an officer of such Group Company and shall not be counted in the quorum of any meeting of such board of directors (whether in full or by committee). 
 6.4.4 The Group Companies shall, and the MGE Parties and Inspire shall procure the Group Companies to, procure that any Observer appointed in accordance 
 27 

with Clause 6.4.1 shall be given all the information in respect of meetings that a director would be entitled to receive, and shall be entitled to receive that information (including, without limitation, notice of meetings, agendas, minutes and other papers relating to those meetings) at the same time as the directors would be entitled to receive it. 
 6.5 Inspire Board and Committees Inspire CFO 
 6.5.1 The Warrantholders and MGE Parties agree that the Inspire Board shall, as among the Group Companies, be the sole operational board responsible for the overall strategy, direction and supervision of the Project. 
 6.5.2 The Lead Holder, on the one hand, and MGE Parties, on the other hand, shall cooperate in good faith from the date of this Agreement to identify and mutually agree (within ninety (90) days from the date of this Agreement) upon the appointment of an independent director with extensive casino or other gaming facility management and related marketing, entertainment and tourism experience and expertise in the continent of Asia (an Independent Inspire Director to the Inspire Board. The Mezzanine Borrower shall (and the other MGE Parties shall cause the Mezzanine Borrower to) cast all votes to which it is entitled in respect of the shares of Inspire, whether at any annual or special meeting, by written consent or otherwise to nominate and elect the Independent Inspire Director on the Inspire Board promptly following such mutual agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, any removal or replacement of the Independent Inspire Director shall be done by mutual agreement of the Original Warrantholder or the Majority Holder (as applicable), on the one hand, and MGE Parties, on the other hand. 
 6.5.3 Without prejudice to applicable employment Laws, the MGE Parties shall have the right to 
 (a) appoint the chief financial officer of Inspire (the Inspire CFO ), provided that the Lead Holder shall have the right to veto the appointment of any Inspire CFO designated by the MGE Parties on a commercially reasonably basis and 
 (b) remove any Inspire CFO, in consultation with the Lead Holder and taking into consideration the Lead Holder s commercially reasonable and timely suggestions or objections regarding such removal. 
 The Inspire CFO shall be an employee or officer of a Group Company. Before the Inspire CFO commences his appointment, Inspire shall enter into a customary service contract with him which shall include provisions on remuneration and termination on terms that shall be approved by the Inspire Board in consultation with the Lead Holder. For the avoidance of doubt, the consultation rights of the Lead Holder under this Clause 6.5.3 shall include the right to recommend and or interview any potential Inspire CFO candidates prior to his appointment. 
 6.5.4 The Shareholders and the MGE Parties agree that the Inspire Board shall establish and constitute 
 (a) a construction committee whose purpose shall be to review, monitor and make recommendations to the Inspire Board on (i) the construction process in connection with the Project, (ii) progress against any applicable construction schedules approved by the Inspire Board in connection with the Project, and (iii) construction budget and spending in connection with the Project and 
 28 

(b) a management committee whose purpose shall be to review, monitor and make recommendations to the Inspire Board on (i) Inspire s financial and operational performance (including, without limitation, the Monthly Operating Report and the Annual Budget), (ii) key strategic initiatives and (iii) organizational needs of the Group Companies. 
 6.5.5 The composition of the committees referred to in Clause 6.5.4 shall be determined by the Inspire Board, and shall at all times include any Holder Director and the Independent Inspire Director, in each case, to the extent such person is appointed to the Inspire Board. 
 6.6 Pre-Emptive Rights 
 6.6.1 Subject to Clause 6.6.8, no Group Company shall issue any Shares or other Equity Securities to any Person (other than the Hanwha Convertible Bond and the Inspire Shares to be issued upon the due conversion of such Hanwha Convertible Bond), unless such Group Company shall have first delivered to each Holder a written notice of such issuance (the Pre-Emptive Offer ). 
 6.6.2 The Pre-Emptive Offer shall 
 (a) describe the price and other terms upon which such securities (the Pre-Emptive Offered Shares are to be issued by the relevant Group Company (including whether such securities will be subject to Encumbrance to secure the obligations of any Group Company) and the number or amount of the securities to be issued 
 (b) identify, in the case of an issue of such securities by the Company, each Holder s Pro Rata Portion or in the case of an issue of such securities by another Group Company, each Holder s Indirect Ownership Percentage (the Pre-Emption Portion and 
 (c) offer to issue to each Holder, up to a portion of the Pre-Emptive Offered Shares equal to such Holder s Pre-Emption Portion. 
 6.6.3 Each Holder shall have the right to purchase, at a price and upon the other terms specified in the Pre-Emptive Offer, up to such Holder s Pre-Emption Portion of the Pre-Emptive Offered Shares, in accordance with the following provisions 
 (a) The Pre-Emptive Offer by its terms shall remain open and irrevocable for a period of fourteen (14) days following delivery of the Pre-Emptive Offer (the Pre-Emptive Exercise Period ). 
 (b) To accept a Pre-Emptive Offer pursuant to the foregoing, in whole or in part, each Holder must deliver a written notice to the relevant Group Company prior to the end of the Pre-Emptive Exercise Period, setting forth the number of Pre-Emptive Offered Shares that such Holder elects to purchase (the Pre-Emptive Acceptance Notice ). 
 (c) If all of the Pre-Emptive Offered Shares are not fully subscribed for by the Holders, the remaining Pre-Emptive Offered Shares will be reoffered to the Holder(s) that have elected to purchase their full allotment upon the terms set forth in this Clause 6.6, up to such Holder s Pre-Emption Portion, until all such Pre-Emptive Offered Shares are fully subscribed for or until all such Holder(s) have subscribed for all such Pre-Emptive Offered Shares which they desire 
 29 

to purchase, provided , that such Holder(s) must exercise their purchase rights within ten (10) days of receipt of each such reoffer, and the Pre-emptive Exercise Period shall be deemed to be extended until such date. 
 (d) No Holder shall be obligated to purchase any Pre-Emptive Offered Shares pursuant to this Clause 6.6, except to the extent that such Holder has notified the relevant Group Company of such Holder s exercise of the pre-emptive rights granted in this Clause 6.6 provided , that the Original Warrantholder shall not be obligated to purchase any Pre-Emptive Offered Shares unless all of the Pre-Emptive Offered Shares are concurrently being sold in full. 
 6.6.4 The subscription and payment for and issuance of Pre-Emptive Offered Shares to the Holder(s) who delivered a Pre-Emptive Acceptance Notice shall be made on a Business Day, as designated by the relevant Group Company, which is not less than five (5) days and not more than ten (10) days after the expiration of the Pre-Emptive Exercise Period, on the terms and conditions set forth in the Pre-Emptive Offer. 
 6.6.5 If, in respect of any Pre-Emptive Offer, the number of Pre-Emptive Offered Shares proposed to be offered as described in a Pre-emptive Offer exceeds the sum of all Pre-Emptive Offered Shares for which the Holders have elected to subscribe, the relevant Group Company shall have one hundred and twenty (120) days from the expiration of the Pre-Emptive Exercise Period (as the same may be extended pursuant to Clause 6.6.3(c)) (the Offer Period to issue such excess Pre-Emptive Offered Shares, or any portion thereof, to any Person (an Allottee provided that 
 (a) such offer shall be made at a price that is the same or above, and on terms and conditions which are not more favourable in the aggregate to the Allottee than, those set forth in the Pre-Emptive Offer 
 (b) the issuance to the Allottee is completed before the expiry of the Offer Period and 
 (c) the Allottee has entered into a Deed of Adherence as a Non-MGE Shareholder. 
 6.6.6 The relevant Group Company shall not issue or sell any Pre-Emptive Offered Shares to any Person after the expiry of the Offer Period without first re-offering such securities in the manner provided in this Clause 6.6. 
 6.6.7 On the date of issuance of Pre-Emptive Offered Shares to a Holder pursuant to Clause 6.6.4 or to an Allottee pursuant to Clause 6.6.5, the relevant Group Company will, upon receipt of the relevant subscription price 
 (a) allot and issue the Subscribed Shares, free from all Encumbrances other than those set forth in the Pre-Emptive Offer, to the relevant Holder(s) and Allottee(s) 
 (b) enter the name of such Holder(s) or Allottee(s) (as applicable) in the register of members or shareholders of the relevant Group Company as the holder(s) of the Subscribed Shares and 
 (c) deliver (at the relevant Group Company s cost) to such Holder(s) address stipulated in the Pre-Emptive Acceptance Notice or Allottee(s) address notified in writing to the relevant Group Company 
 30 

by the Allottee(s), certificate(s) in respect of the Subscribed Shares issued to them. 
 6.6.8 The Company or any other Group Company may issue Shares or Equity Securities from time to time, without complying with the other provisions of this Clause 6.6 
 (a) to or for the benefit of a Manager Shareholder, in accordance with the terms of any management incentive plan that may be adopted by Inspire from time to time and approved pursuant to paragraph 15 of Schedule 6 provided that the Manager Shareholders shall not at any time hold more than 6 of the Fully Diluted Share Capital of Inspire 
 (b) in connection with a Qualified IPO and or 
 (c) in the case of any Group Company (other than the Company), to the direct parent of such Group Company provided that such issuance does not result in a change to each Holder s Indirect Ownership Percentage. 
 7. RESTRICTIONS ON AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE MGE PARTIES AND THE GROUP COMPANIES 
 7.1 Undertakings Generally 
 7.1.1 For so long as any Warrants remain unexercised and have not lapsed, the relevant MGE Parties and Inspire shall comply with the applicable undertakings in this Clause 7. 
 7.1.2 For so long as an Exercise Shareholder and or a Substitution Holder holds Exercised Shares and or Substitution Shares, the relevant MGE Parties and Inspire shall comply with the applicable undertakings in this Clause 7 (other than Clause 7.2.1). 
 7.2 Share Capital 
 7.2.1 The Company shall (and MGE Shareholder shall cause the Company to) reserve and keep available for issue such number of Shares as would enable the Warrant Shares to be issued to the Warrantholders in full and will ensure that the Directors of the Company have all necessary authorisations to allow them to allot and issue the Warrant Shares at any time to the Warrantholders free from all Encumbrances and from all other rights exercisable by, or claims by, third parties (in each case, other than any restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities Laws or this Agreement), and shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in furtherance of the foregoing. If a vote of the MGE Shareholder or any other MGE Party is required under any applicable Law to reserve and keep available for issue such number of Shares as set forth in the foregoing or is deemed otherwise desirable by the Warrantholders, such MGE Party agrees to cast all votes to which it is entitled as the holder of Equity Securities of the Company (whether at any annual or special meeting of shareholders of the Company, by written consent or otherwise, in such manner as the Warrantholder may instruct) to approve all actions, resolutions or transactions by any Group Company as may be required in connection with, or in furtherance of, this Clause 7.2.1. 
 7.2.2 The Company shall (and MGE Shareholder shall cause the Company to) keep available for issue or transfer, as applicable, to the 
 31 

Substituting Holders such number of duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares in the capital of the Mezzanine Borrower to enable the Substituting Holders to substitute all of the Warrants and or Shares held by such Substituting Holder from time to time into such Mezzanine Borrower shares as contemplated by the Substitution Rights under Clause 7.8. 
 7.2.3 The Company shall cause the Mezzanine Borrower to keep available for transfer to the Substituting Holders such number of Inspire Shares to enable the Substituting Holders to substitute all of the Warrants and or Shares held by such Substituting Holder from time to time into Inspire Shares as contemplated by the Substitution Rights under Clause 7.8. 
 7.3 Positive Undertakings 
 Each of the MGE Parties and Inspire shall in relation to the Group Companies (and shall cause the other Group Companies to) 
 7.3.1 procure that all business connected with the Project together with any expansion or development of the business of the Group Companies, as carried on from time to time, is effected only through Inspire and or other Group Companies and that all assets connected with the Project and or the business of the Group Companies from time to time are held only by Inspire and or other Group Companies provided that this Clause 7.3.1 shall not apply to the Phase 1B Spin-off (as defined in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement) consummated in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents (as defined in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement) 
 7.3.2 introduce and maintain proper and up-to-date accounting records and financial control systems in relation to its business and affairs which are appropriate for a business of its nature and size 
 7.3.3 put in place and maintain at all times insurance cover against appropriate and insurable business risks and liabilities applicable to the Group Companies which is customary for a business of its nature and size 
 7.3.4 comply in all respects with the provisions of all applicable Laws, bylaws, rules, regulations and codes of conduct from time to time in force and to which the Group Companies are subject, if failure so to comply could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, operations, property, assets or financial condition of the members of the Group Companies (taken as a whole) 
 7.3.5 comply with, and maintain, all material licenses, consents and authorisations, which are required or necessary to carry on the business of the Group Companies from time to time 
 7.3.6 conduct business at all times in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Money Laundering Laws and maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with such Laws 
 7.3.7 ensure that no part of any Distributions or other dividend or distributions by the Group Companies or other payments payable or paid to any Holder under this Agreement are derived from any unlawful activity or otherwise be proceeds or benefits of any unlawful activity 
 32 

7.3.8 in performing obligations and carrying out responsibilities under this Agreement, use reasonable endeavours to ensure at all times that none of the Group Companies nor any of their respective Representatives violate any applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, ESG Laws, Sanctions and or Export Control Laws in any material respect (including by maintaining at all times policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and ensure compliance with such Laws) 
 7.3.9 take all steps necessary to comply with the terms of this Agreement and 
 7.3.10 maintain all files, books and records in a manner that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflects the transactions and disposition of their respective assets. 
 7.4 Certain Significant Matters 
 Subject to any applicable Laws, the MGE Parties and Inspire shall not (and shall procure that each other Group Company shall not) without prior written consent of the Lead Holder (and in the case of the actions, steps or resolutions set out in paragraph 8 of Schedule 6, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), take or agree to take, whether in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, any of the actions, steps or resolutions set out in Schedule 6 in relation to the Group Companies, provided that this Clause 7.4 and Schedule 6 shall not apply to any action or matter (i) taken for the purpose of implementing the Phase 1B Spin-Off (as defined in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement) consummated in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents (as defined in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement) or (ii) approved by or set forth in the Annual Budget that has been approved pursuant to paragraph 3 of Schedule 6. 
 7.5 Distributions 
 7.5.1 The Company shall not (and MGE Shareholder shall cause the Company not to) declare or pay any Distribution in respect of the Company s Shares unless the Company has provided a written notice of its intention to pay such Distribution to the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders (a Distribution Notice in accordance with Clause 7.5.2 and as approved pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 6. 
 7.5.2 The Distribution Notice shall state 
 (a) the aggregate amount of the Distribution proposed to be paid by the Company, along with the relevant Holder s Pro Rata Portion of such Distribution (assuming, in the case of a Warrantholder, due exercise of such Warrantholder s Subscription Right) and 
 (b) the proposed date of the Distribution, which shall not be earlier than ten (10) Business Days after the date of the Distribution Notice. 
 7.6 Initial Public Offering 
 The Company shall use its reasonable endeavours, in mutual discussions with the Lead Holder, to complete a Qualified IPO on or before the date falling six (6) years and six (6) months after the Closing Date (the IPO Period ). The Company shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall undertake any IPO that is not a Qualified IPO. 
 33 

7.7 Exit Events and Other Material Events 
 7.7.1 Notwithstanding (and without limiting the generality of) other obligations provided under this Agreement, the MGE Parties and Inspire shall not (and shall cause the other Group Companies not to) 
 (a) consummate any Exit Event without (i) in the case of a Trade Sale, giving the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders at least sixty (60) Business Days prior written notice, and (ii) in the case of any IPO, keeping the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders reasonably informed regarding the progress of (including providing at least fifteen (15) Business Days prior written notice in advance of the appointment of a joint bookrunner or lead underwriter in connection with) an IPO (such notice, the Exit Notice or 
 (b) consummate any refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of the Senior Facilities or the Mezzanine Facility (or any debt facilities arranged under the Refinancing Arrangements) without giving the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders at least sixty (60) Business Days prior written notice thereof. 
 7.7.2 Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that, in connection with an Exit Event, the Warrantholders and the Exercise Shareholders will not be required 
 (a) to give warranties or indemnities (other than customary warranties as to ownership of their Equity Securities and as to their capacity to sell their Equity Securities) 
 (b) to make any part of their proceeds on such Exit Event subject to a retention of any nature or 
 (c) to contribute towards the cost of any warranty insurance and 
 (d) in the event of an IPO, to agree to any dealing restrictions on or in relation to their Equity Securities, except that 
 (i) they shall agree to such restrictions as required by the rules of the Korea Exchange or the applicable Approved Exchange and 
 (ii) subject to consent of the Lead Holder (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), they shall agree to adhere to any voluntary orderly marketing arrangements that are recommended by the joint bookrunner or lead underwriter appointed to act for the relevant Group Company in relation to the IPO provided that the Company shall use commercially reasonable endeavours to procure that no Warrantholders or Exercise Shareholders will be subject to such voluntary orderly marketing arrangements. 
 7.7.3 Notwithstanding (and without limiting the generality of) other obligations under this Agreement, each of the MGE Parties and Inspire agrees to promptly (and in any event at least sixty (60) Business Days prior to the completion thereof) notify the Holders of any Change of Control Event. 
 34 

7.8 Substitution 
 7.8.1 Upon each occurrence of any of (i) the appointment by the Company or another relevant Group Company of a joint bookrunner or lead underwriter in connection with an IPO, (ii) the delivery of an Exit Notice under Clause 7.7.1(a) in respect of a Trade Sale, or (iii) the delivery of a Tag Along Notice in respect of a Tag Along Sale under Clause 8.4.2 (each, a Substitution Event ), the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders (each, a Substituting Holders as a group shall have the option, exercisable by the Lead Holder by giving written notice of its intention to do so to the Company (the Substitution Notice ), to require the Company to procure that all (and not less than all) of the Warrants and or Shares held by all of the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders be substituted into such number of duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable common shares of the Substitution Entity (as defined below) (or Equity Securities equivalent to common shares under the applicable laws and entity form of the Substitution Entity) as calculated pursuant to Clause 7.8.4(a) (the Substitution Shares in accordance with this Clause 7.8 (such right, the Substitution Right ). 
 For the avoidance of doubt 
 (a) the Substitution Right shall become exercisable each time a Substitution Event occurs (each instance of which shall give rise to an independent and non-exclusive opportunity for exercise of the Substitution Right) and 
 (b) the Company or another relevant Group Company shall not trigger a Substitution Event at any point prior to Inspire obtaining the Final Casino License unless the Company has obtained the approval of the change of shareholding due in respect of the Substitution Transaction by the relevant Governmental Authority. 
 7.8.2 The Substitution Notice shall specify (i) the date on which the Substitution Shares will be transferred to the Substituting Holders and (ii) the address of each Substituting Holder to which delivery of their respective share certificates should be made. 
 7.8.3 The applicable Group Company, the relevant Equity Securities of which will be the Substitution Shares into which the Warrants and or Shares shall be substituted upon the exercise of the Substitution Right for purposes of this Clause 7.8 (the Substitution Entity ), shall be as follows 
 (a) if the relevant Substitution Event is the appointment of a joint bookrunner or lead underwriter in connection with an IPO, the Substitution Entity shall be such Group Company that is the subject of such IPO 
 (b) if the relevant Substitution Event is the delivery of an Exit Notice under Clause 7.7.1(a) in respect of a Trade Sale, the Substitution Entity shall be such Group Company that is the subject of such Trade Sale and 
 (c) if the relevant Substitution Event is the delivery of a Tag Along Notice under Clause 8.4.2, the Substitution Entity shall be such Group Company which is the subject of such Tag Along Sale. 
 35 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Group Company that is the subject of any IPO or Trade Sale being initiated by the MGE Parties shall be determined by the MGE Parties in their sole discretion. 
 7.8.4 Pursuant to the exercise of the Substitution Right, the Company shall (and MGE Shareholder shall cause the Company to) procure that the Group Company which is the direct parent of the Substitution Entity (the Substitution Parent shall transfer, or procure to be transferred, such relevant number of shares of the Substitution Entity held by the Substitution Parent, free from all Encumbrances (other than any restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities Laws or this Agreement), to the Substituting Holders as follows 
 (a) Calculation of Substitution Shares . The number of applicable Substitution Shares shall be the number of common shares of the Substitution Entity (or Equity Securities equivalent to common shares under the applicable laws and entity form of the Substitution Entity) that represents the Indirect Ownership Percentage that the relevant Warrantholder and or Exercise Shareholder has in such Substitution Entity at such time, and so that, upon exercise of their Substitution Rights, the number of Substitution Shares shall be equal to the number of common shares of the Substitution Entity (or Equity Securities equivalent to common shares under the applicable laws and entity form of the Substitution Entity) having a Fair Market Value equal to the Fair Market Value of the Warrant Shares (for the avoidance of doubt, in each case calculated on a Fully Diluted Basis) provided , that 
 (i) for purposes of this Clause 7.8 only 
 (A) the Fair Market Value of the Substitution Entity shall be equal to the fair market value determined using (x) the applicable equity valuation and sale price based upon which the Transfer of the relevant Equity Securities is to be consummated, in the case of a Substitution Event that is a Trade Sale or a Tag Along Sale, and (y) the applicable IPO Price, in the case of a Substitution Event that is an IPO (such Fair Market Value, the Substitution FMV and 
 (B) the Fair Market Value of the Company and the Warrant Shares shall be determined by the Valuation Expert (in accordance with Clause 12, applied mutatis mutandis (i) using the Substitution FMV and (ii) taking into account any other assets and liabilities at the relevant time of the Company and any other Group Company that directly or indirectly holds interests in the Substitution Entity 
 (ii) without limiting the generality of the foregoing, with respect to any transfer of the Substitution Shares which must occur on the Early Substitution Date pursuant to Clause 7.8.4(c)(i)(B) 
 (A) the number of the applicable Substitution Shares to be transferred on the Early Substitution Date shall be calculated using the Fair Market Value determined by the Valuation Expert (in accordance with Clause 12, applied mutatis mutandis (the Early Substitution 
 36 

FMV as of immediately prior to the Early Substitution Date and 
 (B) if such number of Substitution Shares received by the Substituting Holders on the Early Substitution Date is greater or less than the number of Substitution Shares that the Substituting Holders should have received on the basis of (i) the Substitution FMV and (ii) the Fair Market Value of the Company and the Warrant Shares re-calculated by the Valuation Expert as of immediately prior to completion of the IPO and on the basis of the Substitution FMV (such difference in the number of Substitution Shares, the Delta Shares ), then the number of Substitution Shares shall be adjusted in accordance with Clause 7.8.4(d). 
 (b) Adjustments and Disputes . The provisions of Clause 5.1 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , if any event similar to an Adjustment Event occurs with respect to the relevant Group Companies, so that the Substitution Rights shall be adjusted accordingly. In the event of any dispute regarding such adjustment of the Substitution Rights or in connection with the calculation of the Substitution Shares or the Cash Settlement Amount under Clause 7.8.4(a), such disputes shall be resolved by the Valuation Expert in accordance with Clause 12, applied mutatis mutandis (as if references to the Majority Holder and or Original Warrantholder therein refer to the Substituting Holders, and references to MGE Shareholder and or the Company therein refer to the Substitution Parent). 
 (c) Timing . The transfer of the Substitution Shares to the applicable Substituting Holder shall occur 
 (i) if the relevant Substitution Event is the appointment of a joint bookrunner or lead underwriter in connection with an IPO 
 (A) immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO or 
 (B) if the rules of the relevant Approved Exchange would not allow the Substituting Holders to participate as selling shareholders in the IPO unless they acquired ownership of the Substitution Shares at an earlier date, then the latest date that would enable the Substituting Holders to participate as selling shareholders of the Substitution Entity in the IPO under such rules (which, in case of an IPO on the Korea Exchange, shall be no later than the filing date for the listing eligibility review application) (such earlier date, the Early Substitution Date and 
 (ii) if the relevant Substitution Event is the delivery of an Exit Notice under Clause 7.7.1(a) in respect of a Trade Sale or a Tag Along Notice under Clause 8.4.2, then immediately prior to the consummation of the Trade Sale or Tag Along Sale (as applicable). 
 (d) True-up Adjustment for Delta Shares . In the event that there are any Delta Shares under Clause 7.8.4(a)(ii), then 
 37 

(i) in event the number of Delta Shares is a negative number, the relevant Substituting Holder shall have the right to cause the Company to pay (or procure the Substitution Parent to pay) to such Substituting Holder, within one (1) year from the date of such Substituting Holder s written request, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account designated by such Substituting Holder, an amount equal to the product of (x) the number of the Delta Shares attributable to such Substituting Holder (converted to a positive number) and (y) the applicable IPO Price and 
 (ii) in event the number of Delta Shares is a positive number, the Company shall have the right to cause the relevant Substituting Holder to pay to the Substitution Parent, within one (1) year from the date of the Substitution Parent s written request, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account designated by the Substitution Parent, an amount equal to the product of (x) the number of the Delta Shares attributable to such Substituting Holder and (y) the applicable IPO Price (such amount payable under this Clause 7.8.4(d), the Cash Settlement Amount 
 provided , that the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount shall satisfy in full all obligations of the relevant Substituting Holders or the Company, as the case may be, to adjust the number of Substitution Shares pursuant to Clause 7.8.4(a)(ii). 
 7.8.5 In undertaking to procure the delivery of Substitution Shares as described in Clause 7.8.4, the Company undertakes to provide whatever compensation to the Substitution Parent is considered necessary by the MGE Parties, and in a manner to be determined by the MGE Parties, to enable the delivery of Substitution Shares to the Substituting Holders, taking into account the facts surrounding the Substitution Event. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Substitution Parent shall be responsible for any Transfer Taxes (or additional Transfer Taxes) that arise as a result of the exercise by the MGE Parties of their rights under this Clause 7.8.5. 
 7.8.6 On the date specified in Clause 7.8.4(c) or on such other date as set out below 
 (a) the Company shall procure that the Substitution Parent shall deliver to each Substituting Holder duly executed transfers in favour of such Substituting Holder in respect of the Substitution Shares to which such Substituting Holder is entitled for a purchase price per Substitution Share of USD 0.01 (one cent) (the Substitution Share Transfer Price 
 (b) the Company shall procure that the Substitution Entity shall 
 (i) provided that the Substitution Entity is provided with evidence satisfactory to it (acting reasonably) that any stamp duty, registration, documentary or similar taxes (including securities transaction taxes) or any other similar duties (collectively, Transfer Taxes imposed on the transfer (if any) have been paid, procure the entry of such Substituting Holder s name in the register of members of the Substitution Entity as the holder of the Substitution Shares 
 38 

(ii) within 10 (ten) Business Days, deliver (at the Substitution Entity s cost) to such Substituting Holder s address stipulated in the Substitution Notice, certificate(s) in respect of the Substitution Shares transferred with the name of such Substituting Holder thereon and (if applicable) the corporate seal of the Substitution Entity affixed therein 
 (c) the Substituting Holders shall 
 (i) deliver to the Substitution Parent the aggregate Substitution Share Transfer Price in respect of the Substitution Shares being transferred by either 
 (A) delivering to the Substitution Parent a banker s draft or 
 (B) making a same day electronic transfer in cash to a bank account nominated by the Substitution Parent, the details of which shall have been notified by the Substitution Parent or Substitution Entity, as applicable, to the Substituting Holders at least three (3) Business Days prior to such day the Substitution Shares are to be issued or transferred 
 (ii) deliver to the Company duly executed transfers in favour of the Company (or any Affiliate of the Company as the Company may direct) in respect of Shares over which the Substitution Right is being exercised for no additional consideration and 
 (iii) deliver to the Company all Certificate(s) for the unexercised Warrants and all certificate(s) for the Shares over which the Substitution Right is being exercised and 
 (d) the Company shall update the Register and or the register of members of the Company to reflect the substitution of the Warrants and or Shares, as applicable. 
 The transfer of the Substitution Shares to the Substituting Holders in accordance with Clause 7.8.4 and Clause 7.8.5 is hereinafter referred to as the Substitution Transaction . 
 7.8.7 Without affecting the generality of the foregoing provisions of this Clause 7.8, the MGE Shareholder, the Company and the Substituting Holders acknowledge and agree that 
 (a) the Substitution Transaction shall be effected in a manner so as to provide to the Substituting Holders such economic value and other rights in the Substitution Shares that are equivalent to the Fair Market Value of and other rights attaching to such Warrants and or Shares for which the Substitution Right was exercised 
 (b) without limiting the generality of the foregoing Clause 7.8.7(a), MGE Shareholder and the Company shall (and shall procure that the Substitution Entity and the Substitution Parent shall), on the one hand, and the Substituting Holders shall, on the other hand, cooperate and use their respective commercially reasonable endeavours to procure that the Substitution Transaction is structured and effected in a manner that is most efficient from a tax and legal perspective (as may be 
 39 

determined with the advice of each party s professional legal, tax, accounting and or financial advisors) to the MGE Shareholder, any Group Company (including the Substitution Entity and the Substitution Parent), the Warrantholders, the Exercise Shareholders and the Substituting Holders (taken as a whole) including, without limitation, where the Substitution Entity is not incorporated or resident in Korea, reviewing whether the Substitution Shares should be newly issued, rather than transferred, to the Substituting Holders provided , that if the Substitution Entity is Inspire, the Substitution Transaction shall be effected as a transfer of existing common shares of Inspire (and not through a new issuance) unless the Lead Holder provides its prior written consent otherwise) 
 (c) subject to Clauses 7.8.3 and 7.8.4, prior to a potential Exit Event, if it is commercially desirable for the Substitution Entity to be Inspire, the MGE Parties shall use commercially reasonable endeavours to (i) if the facility under the Senior Facilities Agreement is still outstanding at the time of the Substitution Transaction in respect of Inspire, procure that the Senior Secured Parties shall permit the consummation of the Substitution Transaction in respect of Inspire and that none of the shares of Inspire be subject to any Encumbrances or (ii) if any Group Company elects to enter into any Refinancing Arrangements from time to time, procure that the relevant lenders shall permit the consummation of the Substitution Transaction in respect of Inspire and that none of the shares of Inspire be subject to any Encumbrances 
 (d) upon the completion of the Substitution Transaction, the Warrants will be deemed to be cancelled and the terms and conditions of this Agreement applicable to the Warrants and or Exercised Shares that were substituted shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Substitution Shares, including without limitation 
 (i) references to the Exercised Shares in this Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the Substitution Shares 
 (ii) the Substitution Entity will have equivalent obligations to the obligations of the Company under this Agreement 
 (iii) the controlling shareholder(s) of the Substitution Entity will have equivalent obligations to the obligations of MGE Shareholder under this Agreement and 
 (iv) the holders of the Substitution Shares will have equivalent rights to the rights of the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders under this Agreement and 
 (e) upon request from the Substituting Holders, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable laws, the Substitution Entity shall (and the other MGE Parties shall cause the Substitution Entity to) amend or procure the amendment of the articles of association (or other constitutional document, as applicable) of the Substitution Entity, so as to reflect the rights of the Substituting Holders in respect of the Substitution Shares hereunder. 
 7.8.8 Each Substituting Holder shall bear its proportionate share (such proportion being equal to such Substituting Holder s proportionate share of the Substituting Shares) of any Transfer Taxes payable in any jurisdiction in connection with the Substitution Transaction. The Substituting Holders will 
 40 

be responsible for arranging prompt payment of any such Transfer Taxes, including fulfilling any administrative or reporting obligation imposed in connection with such a payment. 
 7.8.9 In the event that the Substitution Entity is Inspire, the Company and the MGE Shareholder will (and will procure that the Substitution Entity and the Substitution Parent will), and the Substituting Holders will, use their commercially reasonable endeavours to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable Law to consummate the Substitution Transaction, including preparing and filing as promptly as practicable all documentation to effect all necessary filings, consents, permits from, or any orders made, issued or entered by or with, all Governmental Authorities. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Company and the MGE Shareholder and, where applicable, the Substituting Holders, undertake and agree to make, or cause to be made all filings reasonably required of each of them and any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates under any applicable Antitrust and Foreign Investment Laws with respect to the Substitution Transaction as promptly as practicable, and supply as promptly as reasonably practicable any additional information and documentary material that may be reasonably requested pursuant to such Antitrust and Foreign Investment Laws provided , that if any such information or documentary material is, in the reasonable written opinion of the Company and the MGE Shareholder, commercially or competitively sensitive information in respect of the business of the Group Companies, the MGE Parties or their respective Affiliates, such information or documentary material will be disclosed subject to customary confidentiality arrangements and, if so requested by the relevant MGE Party, on a counsel-to-counsel basis. 
 7.9 Purchase of Warrants 
 Save in connection with the exercise of the Substitution Right by the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders pursuant to Clause 7.8, the Company will not purchase, and will procure that its Subsidiaries will not purchase, Warrants unless an offer to purchase is made pro rata to all Warrantholders. 
 7.10 No Impairment 
 Each of the MGE Parties shall not (and shall cause the other Group Companies not to), by amending its Organizational Documents or through any consolidation, reorganization, transfer of assets, liquidation, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, creation of any Outstanding Options or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Agreement. 
 7.11 Register 
 The Company will maintain the Register in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3. 
 7.12 Tax Matters 
 7.12.1 Each Group Company will use commercially reasonable endeavours to manage its affairs so as to be treated as tax resident solely in its jurisdiction of incorporation 
 7.12.2 The Company and MGE Shareholder will comply with all applicable economic substance requirements in Jersey (Channel Islands) and 
 41 

7.12.3 (a) No Group Company has entered into any check-the-box election to determine its status for U.S. tax purposes, and (b) the Group Companies shall not (and each of the MGE Parties and Inspire shall cause the Group Companies not to) enter into any such check-the-box election to determine its status for U.S. tax purposes other than with the prior written consent of the Lead Holder. 
 8. TRANSFER OF WARRANTS AND SHARES 
 8.1 General Restrictions on Transfer 
 8.1.1 The Warrants and or Shares may be transferred in whole or in part in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 8 and Schedule 4. 
 8.1.2 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, other than with prior written consent of the Lead Holder 
 (a) MGE Shareholder shall not Transfer any of its Company Equity Securities other than 
 (i) Transfers made pursuant to Clause 8.3 Warrantholder s Drag Along Right upon Put Failure 
 (ii) Transfers of Tag Along Shares for which Tag Along Rights apply under Clause 8.4 Tag Along Right and 
 (iii) Transfers made pursuant to Clause 8.9 MGE Shareholder s Drag Along Right ), which shall be subject to the provisions of Clause 8.5 Original Warrantholder s Right of First Refusal ). 
 (b) Each of the MGE Parties shall not, and shall cause the other Group Companies not to, Transfer any Equity Securities of any Group Company held, directly or indirectly, by it, other than 
 (i) Transfers of Company Equity Securities by MGE Shareholder that is in compliance with Clause 8.1.2(a) 
 (ii) Transfers of Equity Securities of any Group Company in connection with a Qualified IPO (subject to the right of the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders to sell all of their respective Exercised Shares or Substitution Shares in such a Qualified IPO, on a priority basis ahead of any Equity Securities held by the other Shareholders) 
 (iii) Transfers of Equity Securities of any Group Company required in relation to the enforcement of the Senior Borrower Share Pledge or the Mezzanine Borrower Share Pledge or any other Encumbrance created in connection with any Refinancing Arrangement in compliance with clauses 20.4 Negative Pledge and 20.6 Financial Indebtedness of the Mezzanine Loan Agreement and not in breach of clause 23.20 Material Financing Agreement Amendment of the Mezzanine Loan Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to Clauses 7.8.4 and 7.8.7(c)) 
 (iv) Transfers of Equity Securities of any Group Company in connection with which Warrantholders and or Exercise Shareholders are entitled to exercise Substitution Rights under 
 42 

Clause 7.8 Substitution and then Tag Along Rights under Clause 8.4 Tag Along Right and 
 (v) Transfers of Equity Securities of any Group Company to another Group Company that is, directly or indirectly, wholly-owned by the Company in connection with any bona fide reorganization that has been approved pursuant to paragraph 3 of Schedule 6. 
 (c) The MGE Parties shall not, and shall procure that each other Group Company shall not, grant, pledge or otherwise create or permit to exist any Encumbrance with respect to, any Equity Securities of any Group Company (other than a Permitted Security (as defined in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement) or any Encumbrance in relation to any future Refinancing Arrangements or other financing arrangements by any Group Company permitted under a duly approved Annual Budget) (for the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to Clause 7.8.7(c)). 
 8.1.3 Following an IPO, the relevant MGE Party (or other Group Company) holding Equity Securities in the Group Company that is the subject of such IPO shall not sell, dispose of or transfer such Equity Securities to any Person (other than an Affiliate thereof) without the prior written consent of the Original Warrantholder (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) for a period of two (2) years following the expiration date of any lock-up period applicable to the Warrantholders and the Exercise Shareholders in connection with the IPO provided that this Clause 8.1.3 shall immediately cease to apply upon the Original Warrantholder ceasing to hold at least 10 of the Initial Shareholding. 
 8.1.4 No Warrantholder, Exercise Shareholder or other Non-MGE Shareholder shall transfer any of their Warrants or Equity Securities of any Group Company (as applicable) to any person who is not party to this Agreement, without the transferee first entering into a Deed of Adherence in the capacity as a Warrantholder, Exercise Shareholder or Non-MGE Shareholder (as applicable). 
 8.1.5 The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that at no time may there be more than 10 Warrantholders unless and until the Company has obtained the necessary consent pursuant to the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958. 
 8.1.6 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement 
 (a) MGE Shareholder may freely Transfer at any time any of its Equity Securities of any Group Company to any Person who is an Affiliate of MGE Shareholder without the consent of any other party and without complying with any of the procedures set out in Clause 8.1.2 provided that such Affiliate shall enter into a Deed of Adherence in the capacity as MGE Shareholder and that such Transfer shall not relieve MGE Shareholder of any of its obligations hereunder and 
 (b) the Warrantholders and Non-MGE Shareholders may freely Transfer at any time any of its Equity Securities of any Group Company to any Person who is an Affiliate of such Warrantholder or Non-MGE Shareholder without the consent of any other party provided that in case of Transfers by a Warrantholder and Non-MGE Shareholder to an Affiliate, such Affiliate shall enter into a Deed of Adherence in the capacity as a Warrantholder or Non-MGE Shareholder, as applicable, 
 43 

and that such Transfer shall not relieve such Warrantholder or Non-MGE Shareholder, as applicable, of any of its obligations hereunder. 
 8.1.7 The Warrantholders and Non-MGE Shareholders shall not Transfer (and shall procure that no direct or indirect interest in any of their Equity Securities of any Group Company shall be Transferred, including by way of a Transfer of Equity Securities in such Warrantholder or Non-MGE Shareholders or any holding company thereof) to 
 (a) a Prohibited Person provided , that such Person shall have the right to review all material filings, submissions and written correspondence with the applicable Governmental Authorities (including Gaming Boards) relating to such Person s designation as a Prohibited Person and the MGE Parties shall exercise all reasonable endeavours to procure that such Person shall be given reasonable opportunity to communicate with such Governmental Authority or any official, employee or representative thereof in connection with any such designation, and the right, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to challenge, appeal or otherwise dispute the decision of such Governmental Authority and the MGE Parties shall have exercised all reasonable endeavors to procure direct communications (including in-person meetings) between such Person and the relevant Governmental Authority or 
 (b) a Competitor provided , that if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the foregoing limitation shall not apply and the Warrantholders and Non-MGE Shareholders may Transfer their Equity Securities to any Person (including a Competitor) subject only to compliance with Clause 8.8 MGE Shareholder s Right of First Offer ). 
 8.1.8 For purposes of Clause 8.1.7, an Event of Default shall be deemed to be continuing if 
 (a) the Lead Holder has provided a written notice to MGE Shareholder and the Company of the occurrence of an Event of Default (a Default Notice and 
 (b) the Event of Default specified in the Default Notice has not been remedied by the applicable MGE Party within thirty (30) Business Days of the date of the Default Notice. 
 8.1.9 The Warrantholders and Non-MGE Shareholders undertake that, for so long as they hold Warrants or Equity Securities of any Group Company (as applicable), they (and their respective successors and assigns) shall use commercially reasonable endeavours to remain in material compliance with applicable gaming licensing and suitability requirements imposed from time to time by the applicable Governmental Authorities. 
 8.2 Put Option 
 8.2.1 The Original Warrantholder (for so long as it holds 10 or more of the Initial Shareholding) or the Majority Holder (at any point after the Original Warrantholder holds less than 10 of the Initial Shareholding) (the Put Holder shall have the right (such right, the Put Option ), exercisable at its sole discretion, to require the MGE Shareholder to purchase all (but not less than all) of the unexercised Warrants that the Put Holder and all of the other Warrantholders hold at the relevant time (the Put Warrants for an aggregate cash purchase price (the Put Price equal to the higher of 
 44 

(a) the Fair Market Value of the Put Warrants on the date of exercise of the Put Option, as determined by the Valuation Expert and 
 (b) USD 110 million, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of Put Warrants and the denominator of which is the total number of Warrants issued under this Agreement. 
 8.2.2 The Put Option may be exercised at any time from (and including) the expiry date of the IPO Period until (and including) the tenth (10 th year anniversary of the Closing Date (such period, the Put Option Exercise Period by the Put Holder serving a written notice to the MGE Shareholder in accordance with Clause 8.2.5 (the Put Option Exercise Notice ). 
 8.2.3 The Put Option Exercise Notice will state that the Put Holder (on behalf of itself and all the other Warrantholders) has elected to exercise the Put Option in respect of all of the Put Warrants. 
 8.2.4 Concurrently with providing the Put Option Exercise Notice, the Put Holder shall deliver a copy of the Put Option Exercise Notice to each of the other Warrantholders and a Valuation Request to the Valuation Expert pursuant to Clause 12, requesting the determination of the Fair Market Value of its Put Warrants as of the date of the Put Option Exercise Notice. 
 8.2.5 A Put Option Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be validly served if it is delivered to the MGE Shareholder in accordance with Clause 18 Notices ). 
 8.2.6 Once served, a Put Option Exercise Notice shall, subject to Clause 8.2.9, oblige the Put Holder and all of the other Warrantholders to sell to the MGE Shareholder and oblige the MGE Shareholder to purchase from the Put Holder and all of the other Warrantholders the Put Warrants 
 (a) within the Put Settlement Period (as defined in Clause 8.2.7) and 
 (b) for the consideration set out in Clause 8.2.1 and otherwise in accordance with and subject to the terms of this Agreement. 
 8.2.7 On or prior to the date falling sixty (60) days after the date of the relevant Valuation Notification pursuant to which the Put Price is established in accordance with Clause 8.2.1 (such period, as may be extended in accordance with this Clause 8.2.7, the Put Settlement Period 
 (a) the MGE Shareholder shall pay to the Put Holder and all of the other Warrantholders, by certified or bank check or wire transfer of immediately available funds, their respective portions of the Put Price and 
 (b) the Put Holder and all of the other Warrantholders will deliver to the MGE Shareholder the Certificate(s) representing the Put Warrants 
 provided , that the initial sixty (60) day Put Settlement Period shall be extended for an additional thirty (30) day period if so requested in writing by the MGE Shareholder if (i) within thirty (30) days from the date of receipt by MGE Shareholder of the Valuation Notification pursuant to which the Put Price is established, MGE Shareholder has delivered a written notice to the Put Holder confirming the intention of MGE Shareholder to expeditiously consummate the purchase of the Put Warrants and describing its plans for funding the Put Price, and (ii) such extension may be necessary to obtain the requisite financing (including any related approvals or consents from any 
 45 

Governmental Authority) in order to fund the Put Price, and the MGE Shareholder provides the Put Holder, at the time of the extension request, with reasonable evidence that MGE Shareholder is engaged in good faith efforts to obtain such financing. 
 8.2.8 The delivery by the Put Holder and all of the other Warrantholders of the Put Warrants (including the Certificate(s) for the Put Warrants) will be deemed a representation and warranty by them that (i) the Put Holder and the other Warrantholders have full right, title and interest in and to their respective Put Warrants (ii) the Put Holder and the other Warrantholders have all necessary power and authority and have taken all necessary action to sell the Put Warrants as contemplated by this Clause 8.2 and (iii) the Put Warrants are free from all Encumbrances (other than (x) any restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities Laws or this Agreement or (y) any Encumbrances created by or through the Group Companies), and in no event shall it be required to make or give or be deemed to have made or given any other representations or warranties, covenants, indemnities or other obligations in respect of the closing of the sale of the Put Warrants. 
 8.2.9 The Put Holder may revoke its Put Option Exercise Notice and the exercise of the Put Option by serving a written notice of such revocation to MGE Shareholder at any time prior to MGE Shareholder s payment of the Put Price. Any such revocation will be without prejudice to the Put Holder s right to send MGE Shareholder a new Put Option Exercise Notice subject to complying with the procedure set out in this Clause 8.2. 
 8.2.10 If the Put Holder revokes a Put Option Exercise Notice in accordance with Clause 8.2.9 
 (a) notwithstanding Clause 12, the Put Holder shall pay or reimburse the Company for the costs and expenses of the Valuation Expert incurred in connection with the valuation conducted pursuant to Clause 8.2.4 and 
 (b) if a Valuation Notification has been received in connection with the Put Option Exercise Notice, notwithstanding the provision of Clause 8.6, MGE Shareholder may exercise the Call Option in respect of the Put Warrants (the Put Holder Called Warrants by issuing a written notice to the Put Holder (on behalf of itself and all the other Warrantholders) Put Holder Call Option Exercise Notice ), specifying 
 (i) the aggregate cash purchase price payable for the Put Holder Called Warrants, which shall be equal to the Put Price and 
 (ii) the date for the closing of the purchase of the Put Holder Called Warrants which shall be the later of (x) the last day of the Put Settlement Period and (y) five (5) Business Days from the date of the Put Holder Call Option Exercise Notice issued in accordance with this Clause 8.2.10. 
 8.2.11 The Parties acknowledge and agree that if there 
 (a) has been a Substitution Transaction where the relevant Substitution Event is the appointment of a joint bookrunner or lead underwriter in connection with an IPO but there is a failure for the Qualified IPO to occur within nine (9) months of such Substitution Transaction 
 46 

(b) has been a Substitution Transaction where the relevant Substitution Event is the delivery of an Exit Notice under Clause 7.7.1(a) in respect of a Trade Sale or a Tag Along Notice under Clause 8.4.2 but there is a failure for the Trade Sale or Tag Along Sale, as applicable, to occur within three (3) months of such Substitution Transaction or 
 (c) there has been some other form of corporate reconstruction involving the Group Companies which has been carried out by the MGE Parties and, as a result of which, the Warrantholders have received Equity Securities in a Group Company and the Warrants have been cancelled, 
 the Put Option provided in this Clause 8.2 shall apply equally to any Substitution Shares or Equity Securities (as applicable) that the Put Holder and the other Substituting Holders hold at the relevant time, mutatis mutandis , in which case the Put Holder shall have a Put Option with respect to all (but not less than all) of the Substitution Shares or Equity Securities (as applicable) that it and the other Substituting Holders hold at the relevant time, and Clauses 8.2.1 through 8.2.10 (including the definition of Put Securities) shall be construed accordingly. 
 8.3 Drag Along Right upon Put Failure 
 8.3.1 If the Put Holder has exercised the Put Option and the MGE Shareholder does not pay (or procure the payment of) the Put Price to the Put Holder and the other Warrantholders pursuant to Clause 8.2.7 (or Clause 8.2.11, as applicable) before the expiry of the Put Settlement Period, the Put Holder shall have the right (the BCC Drag Along Right to sell, and MGE Shareholder (or, if Clause 8.2.11 applies, the MGE Party shareholder of the relevant Group Company) (the BCC Dragged Holder shall sell at such time, concurrently with the Put Holder s sale of its Warrants (or Shares, as applicable), to any Third Party Buyer, all (but not less than all) of the Company Equity Securities (or, if Clause 8.2.11 applies, Equity Securities in the other relevant Group Company) held by the BCC Dragged Holder, for cash consideration and at the same sale price (on an as-converted, fully-diluted per share price basis) and on the same terms and conditions that the Put Holder shall sell its Warrants (or Shares, as applicable) to the Third Party Buyer (a BCC Drag Sale ), in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 8.3. 
 8.3.2 In the event of a BCC Drag Sale 
 (a) The Put Holder must provide a written notice (a BCC Drag Along Notice to the BCC Dragged Holder, at least forty-five (45) days prior to the consummation of the BCC Drag Sale, of its intention to exercise the BCC Drag Along Right, which notice shall state 
 (i) the proposed sale price of the Equity Securities of the relevant Group Company to be sold in the BCC Drag Sale (on an as-converted, fully-diluted per share price basis) and the key commercial terms of such sale (including, to the extent available at such time, any written proposals or agreements relating thereto) 
 (ii) the anticipated closing date and 
 (iii) the identity of the Third Party Buyer. 
 47 

(b) Concurrently with providing the BCC Drag Along Notice, the Put Holder shall deliver a Valuation Request to the Valuation Expert under Clause 12, requesting the determination of the Fair Market Value of the Equity Securities of the relevant Group Company as of the date of the BCC Drag Along Notice, unless the Put Holder, on the one hand, and the Company and MGE Shareholder on the other hand, have mutually agreed on the Fair Market Value of the Equity Securities of the relevant Group Company in writing. 
 (c) The Put Holder shall have a six (6) month period (which six (6) month period may be extended for a reasonable time not to exceed ninety (90) days to the extent reasonably necessary to obtain required approvals or consents from any Governmental Authority) from delivery of the BCC Drag Along Notice to the BCC Dragged Holder to complete a BCC Drag Sale. 
 (d) All reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with any proposed BCC Drag Sale (whether or not consummated), including all attorneys fees and charges, all accounting fees and charges and all finders, brokerage and investment banking fees, charges or commissions (but excluding any taxes incurred by the Put Holder), will be paid solely by MGE Shareholder. 
 8.3.3 In the event that the BCC Drag Sale as set forth in the BCC Drag Notice is proposed to be consummated within sixty (60) days of the expiry of the Put Settlement Period, the obligation of MGE Shareholder and or the MGE Party shareholder of the relevant Group Company to participate in a BCC Drag Sale shall only arise if the gross sale proceeds to be paid to MGE Shareholder or the MGE Party shareholder of the relevant Group Company in such BCC Drag Sale at the consummation thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, prior to any withholdings for tax or otherwise or relevant transaction expenses) is at least 80 of the Fair Market Value of the Equity Securities of the relevant Group Company held by MGE Shareholder and or the MGE Party shareholder of the relevant Group Company that are being Transferred in the BCC Drag Sale as determined by the Valuation Expert pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 12. For the avoidance of doubt, if the BCC Drag Sale as set forth in the BCC Drag Notice is proposed to be consummated after sixty (60) days of the expiry of the Put Settlement Period, such condition on the obligation of MGE Shareholder and or the MGE Party shareholder of the relevant Group Company to participate in a BCC Drag Sale as described in the foregoing sentence in this Clause 8.3.3 shall not apply. 
 8.3.4 If a vote of the BCC Dragged Holder is required under any applicable Law in connection with a BCC Drag Sale being implemented pursuant to this Clause 8.3 or is deemed otherwise desirable by the Put Holder in connection with a transaction being implemented pursuant to this Clause 8.3, the BCC Dragged Holder agrees to cast all votes to which it is entitled as the holders of its Equity Securities of the relevant Group Company (whether at any annual or special meeting of shareholders of the relevant Group Company, by written consent or otherwise, in such manner as the Put Holder may instruct) to approve any sale, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, reorganization or any other transaction or series of transactions involving the relevant Group Company (or all or any portion of its assets) in connection with, or in furtherance of, the exercise by the Put Holder of its rights under this Clause 8.3. 
 48 

8.3.5 The Put Holder shall use its commercially reasonable endeavours to conduct the BCC Drag Sale in good faith and through a commercially reasonable process, in consultation with MGE Shareholder and taking into consideration MGE Shareholder s reasonable suggestions regarding the appointment of an investment bank to conduct the sale, the sale price and the identity of the Third Party Buyer. 
 8.3.6 In no event shall MGE Shareholder or the MGE Party shareholder of the relevant Group Company give any indemnity, or be subject to any other obligations, which is for an aggregate amount exceeding the proceeds actually received by it in the BCC Drag Sale. 
 8.3.7 The BCC Dragged Holder shall take all actions as may be reasonably necessary to consummate the BCC Drag Sale, including, without limitation 
 (a) providing any customary due diligence materials and reasonable access to the premises, assets, books, accounts, records of the relevant Group Company to the Third Party Buyer and reasonable opportunity to consult with their directors, officers, senior management, in each case, during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice and in such a manner that does not unreasonably interfere with the normal operations of the Group Companies, with the understanding that the Third Party Buyer should be afforded the ability to reasonably assess the assets and liabilities of the relevant Group Company and its Subsidiaries based on such provided materials and access, in each case, as such information and access rights may be reasonably restricted in terms of timing, method, participants and recipients, as applicable, in line with the general market practice for transactions of similar size and nature in the jurisdictions where such transaction is proposed to take place 
 (b) entering into agreements and delivering certificates and instruments (including a form of transfer in respect of its Equity Securities of the relevant Group Company, a duly executed sale agreement and the share certificate(s) (or an indemnity in its place) in respect of the Equity Securities of the relevant Group Company held by it), in each case, consistent with the agreements being entered into and the certificates and instruments being delivered by the Put Holder and 
 (c) if requested by the Put Holder, causing the relevant MGE Parties and or their Affiliates to promptly terminate the Mohegan Management Agreement and or the Development Services Agreement (including related ancillary agreements) in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 8.3.8 The proceeds of a BCC Drag Sale will be distributed to the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders selling the Put Warrants, on the one hand, and MGE Shareholder (or other relevant MGE Party), on the other hand, in the following amounts and order of priority 
 (a) first, one hundred percent (100 to the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders pro rata to the number of Equity Securities in the relevant Group Company sold by each Warrantholder and Exercise Shareholder), until the cumulative distributions (including all Distributions received by the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any previous holders of Warrants and Exercise Shares) prior to the consummation of the BCC Drag Sale) received by them equal the Put Price as determined in accordance with Clause 8.2.1 
 49 

(b) second, one hundred percent (100 to MGE Shareholder (or other relevant MGE Party), until the cumulative distributions received by MGE Shareholder (or other relevant MGE Party) prior to the consummation of the BCC Drag Sale) equal the total BCC Drag Sale proceeds pro-rated by the number of Equity Securities of the relevant Group Company sold by MGE Shareholder (or other relevant MGE Party) in the BCC Drag Sale 
 (c) third, one hundred percent (100 to the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders pro rata to the number of Equity Securities in the relevant Group Company sold by each Warrantholder and Exercise Shareholder), until the cumulative distributions (including the distribution received under paragraph (a) above) received by them equal the total BCC Drag Sale proceeds pro-rated by the number of Equity Securities in the relevant Group Company sold by the Put Holder in the BCC Drag Sale and 
 (d) thereafter, any remaining proceeds will be distributed to the Warrantholders, the Exercise Shareholders and the MGE Shareholder (or other relevant MGE Party) on a pro rata basis in proportion to the number of Equity Securities of the relevant Group Company that each sold in the BCC Drag Sale. 
 8.4 Tag Along Right 
 8.4.1 If MGE Shareholder proposes to Transfer, other than in a Qualified IPO, all or a portion of its Company Equity Securities (the Tag Along Offered Shares to any Third Party Buyer (such Transfer, a Tag Along Sale ), the Warrantholders and the Exercise Shareholders shall have a tag along right (the Tag Along Right to sell their Company Equity Securities in such Tag Along Sale on the terms set out in this Clause 8.4. 
 8.4.2 MGE Shareholder shall notify the Warrantholders and the Exercise Shareholders in writing of such proposed Transfer (the Tag Along Notice ), at least two (2) months prior to the date on which MGE Shareholder expects to consummate the Tag Along Sale. 
 8.4.3 The Tag Along Notice shall set forth 
 (a) the name and address of the Third Party Buyer 
 (b) the number of Tag Along Offered Shares proposed to be Transferred in the Tag Along Sale 
 (c) the purchase price in cash per Tag Along Offered Share and 
 (d) the other material terms and conditions of the Transfer, including the expected closing date of the Tag Along Sale. 
 8.4.4 In the event that the terms and or conditions set forth in the Tag Along Notice (other than the address of the Third Party Buyer) are thereafter amended in any respect other than in any de minimis respect, the MGE Shareholder shall promptly provide written notice (an Amended Tag Along Notice of the amended terms and conditions of the proposed Transfer to the Warrantholders and the Exercise Shareholders. 
 8.4.5 Upon receipt of a Tag Along Notice or an Amended Tag Along Notice, each Warrantholder and Exercise Shareholder shall have the right, exercisable at 
 50 

its option and within thirty (30) days of receipt of such notice (the Tag Along Exercise Period ), to elect to participate in the proposed Tag Along Sale with respect to any Tag Along Shares (as defined below), on terms and conditions no less favourable to the Warrantholders or the Exercise Shareholders than those set forth in the Tag Along Notice or an Amended Tag Along Notice, as applicable, by delivery of a written notice indicating its election to participate in the Tag Along Sale (a Tag Along Exercise Notice ). 
 (a) A Tag Along Exercise Notice delivered by a Warrantholder or Exercise Shareholder (each, a Tag Along Holder and, together, the Tag Along Holders shall be binding upon such Tag Along Holder upon delivery and irrevocable by such Tag Along Holder (unless an Amended Tag Along Notice is sent by MGE Shareholder, in which case the initial Tag Along Exercise Notice provided by a Tag Along Holder shall be deemed to be withdrawn and the Tag Along Holder shall have a right to deliver a new Tag Along Exercise Notice in response to the Amended Tag Along Notice). 
 (b) The failure of a Warrantholder or Exercise Shareholder to deliver a Tag Along Exercise Notice by the end of the Tag Along Exercise Period shall constitute a waiver of the Tag Along Right under this Clause 8.4 with respect to the Transfer of the Tag Along Offered Shares, but shall not affect its rights with respect to any future Transfers. 
 8.4.6 In the event that a Tag Along Holder shall have exercised its Tag Along Right by delivering a Tag Along Exercise Notice within the Tag Along Exercise Period, then MGE Shareholder shall not Transfer any Tag Along Offered Shares to the Third Party Buyer specified in the relevant Tag Along Notice (the Prospective Transferee unless the Prospective Transferee simultaneously purchases from each Tag Along Holder, such number of Shares or Warrants (as applicable) (collectively, the Tag Along Shares equal to (a) the number of Shares or Warrants held by the Tag Along Holder, multiplied by (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of Tag Along Offered Shares and the denominator of which is the aggregate number of Shares held by MGE Shareholder, at a price which is the same or above, and upon terms and conditions which are no less favourable in the aggregate to the Tag Along Holders than, those set forth in the applicable Tag Along Notice or Amended Tag Along Notice. 
 8.4.7 Notwithstanding Clause 8.4.6, if the total number of Shares and Warrants that the Prospective Transferee is willing to purchase is less than the sum of the Tag Along Offered Shares and the Tag Along Shares, the Warrantholders and the Exercise Shareholders shall have a priority right over MGE Shareholder in selling all of their Tag Along Shares that constitute Warrants and or Exercised Shares to the Prospective Transferee in the Tag Along Sale, and the Tag Along Offered Shares of MGE Shareholder to be included in such Tag Along Sale shall be reduced proportionately. 
 8.4.8 Each Tag Along Holder shall execute the applicable purchase agreement, if any, as is executed by MGE Shareholder with respect to the Tag Along Sale and shall make or provide the same representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities as MGE Shareholder makes or provides in connection therewith provided that 
 (a) such Tag Along Holder shall only be obligated to make or provide representations and warranties that relate to such Tag Along Holder s 
 51 

due organization, valid existence and good standing, such Tag Along Holder s title to and ownership of its Tag Along Shares (including that such Tag Along Shares are free from Encumbrances (other than (x) any restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities Laws or this Agreement or (y) any Encumbrances created by or through the Group Companies)), the authorization, execution and delivery of relevant documents and the enforceability of such documents against such Tag Along Holder 
 (b) none of MGE Shareholder, on the one hand, or any Tag Along Holder, on the other hand, shall be obligated to make any of the foregoing representations and warranties with respect to the other Holders or their Equity Securities or contribute towards the cost of any warranty insurance 
 (c) unless otherwise agreed to by the Tag Along Holders in writing, all indemnities and other obligations assumed or incurred in connection with a Tag Along Sale, other than with respect to representations and warranties made individually by such Tag Along Holder pursuant to paragraph (a) above and covenants made individually by such Tag Along Holder, shall be allocated solely to MGE Shareholder and 
 (d) in no event shall any Tag Along Holder have any indemnity or other obligation for any amount exceeding the proceeds actually received by such Tag Along Holder in the Tag Along Sale or be obligated to make any part of such proceeds subject to a retention of any nature. 
 8.4.9 Subject to Clause 8.4.8, the Tag Along Holders shall take all actions as may be reasonably necessary to consummate the Tag Along Sale, including, without limitation, entering into agreements and delivering certificates and instruments (including (a) a form of transfer in respect of their Tag Along Shares, (b) a duly executed sale agreement pursuant to which the Tag Along Holders provide representations and warranties as to title to, and ownership of, the Tag Along Shares (including that the Tag Along Shares are free from Encumbrances (other than (x) any restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities Laws or this Agreement or (y) any Encumbrances created by or through the Group Companies)), and (c) the share certificate(s) (or an indemnity in its place) in respect of the Tag Along Shares held by them), in each case, consistent with the agreements being entered into and the certificates and instruments being delivered by MGE Shareholder. 
 8.4.10 The fees and expenses of MGE Shareholder reasonably incurred in connection with a Tag Along Sale and for the mutual benefit of MGE Shareholder and the Tag Along Holders (it being understood that costs incurred by or on behalf of MGE Shareholder for its sole benefit will not be considered to be for the benefit of the Tag Along Holders), to the extent not paid or reimbursed by the Company or the Prospective Transferee, shall be shared by MGE Shareholder and the Tag Along Holders on a pro rata basis, based on the aggregate consideration received by such Shareholders. 
 8.4.11 Subject to the requirements and conditions of this Clause 8.4 and the other applicable provisions of this Agreement, MGE Shareholder shall have four (4) months following the delivery of a Tag Along Notice in which to consummate the Tag Along Sale (which four (4) month period may be extended for a reasonable time not to exceed thirty (30) days to the extent reasonably necessary to obtain required approvals or consents from any Governmental Authority). If, at the end of such period, MGE Shareholder has not completed the Tag Along Sale, MGE Shareholder may not then effect 
 52 

a Transfer that is subject to this Clause 8.4 without again fully complying with the provisions of this Clause 8.4. 
 8.4.12 At the closing of the Tag Along Sale, the Tag Along Holders timely electing to participate in the Tag Along Sale shall enter into the agreements and deliver the certificates and instruments, in each case, required by Clause 8.4.9 against payment therefor directly to such Tag Along Holder of the aggregate consideration to which such Tag Along Holder is entitled in the Tag Along Sale in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 8.4. 
 8.4.13 The Tag Along Right provided in this Clause 8.4 shall apply equally in (i) any Exit Event involving a Group Company other than the Company or (ii) any proposed Transfer to a Third Party Buyer (other than in a Qualified IPO) of Equity Securities of any Group Company other than the Company, in each case in respect of which the Warrantholders and the Exercise Shareholders hold Substitution Shares, in which case the Warrantholders and the Exercise Shareholders shall have a Tag Along Right in such Group Company with respect to the Substitution Shares (to be transferred to the Warrantholders and or the Exercise Shareholders upon a Substitution Transaction pursuant to Clause 7.8), in each case mutatis mutandis , and Clauses 8.4.1 through 8.4.12 shall be construed accordingly. 
 8.5 Original Warrantholder s Right of First Refusal 
 8.5.1 The Original Warrantholder shall have a right of first refusal (the ROFR for the Company Equity Securities proposed to be Transferred by MGE Shareholder in an MGE Drag Sale if the gross sale proceeds to be paid in such MGE Drag Sale (for the avoidance of doubt, prior to any withholdings for tax or otherwise or relevant transaction expenses) is less than 80 of the Fair Market Value of all the Company Equity Securities being Transferred, as determined by the Valuation Expert pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 12. 
 8.5.2 Pursuant to the ROFR, the Original Warrantholder shall have the right, exercisable by delivery of a written notice of such election to MGE Shareholder within forty-five (45) days of the receipt of the MGE Drag Notice, to elect to purchase all (and not less than all) of MGE Shareholder s Company Equity Securities proposed to be Transferred in the MGE Drag Sale (the ROFR Securities ), at the price stated in the MGE Drag Notice and upon the same terms and conditions as stated in the MGE Drag Notice. 
 8.5.3 Upon delivery by the Original Warrantholder of the written notice of such election, a binding agreement shall be deemed to have been entered into for sale and purchase of the applicable ROFR Securities as of the date of receipt by MGE Shareholder of such written notice of election. 
 8.5.4 The closing of the sale and purchase of such ROFR Securities shall occur within four (4) months after the date of receipt by MGE Shareholder of the written notice of election by the Original Warrantholder (which four (4) month period may be extended for a reasonable time not to exceed sixty (60) days to the extent reasonably necessary to obtain required approvals or consents from any Governmental Authority). 
 8.5.5 If the Original Warrantholder fails to send the written notice of election to purchase the ROFR Securities in accordance with Clause 8.5.2 within the forty-five (45) day period referred to therein 
 53 

(a) MGE Shareholder may Transfer the ROFR Securities to the Third Party Buyer that was identified in the MGE Drag Notice provided , however , that MGE Shareholder shall not Transfer the ROFR Securities to any such Third Party Buyer either (i) at a lower price than that which the ROFR Securities were offered to the Original Warrantholder in the MGE Drag Notice, or (ii) on such terms or conditions more favourable in the aggregate to such Third Party Buyer than those offered to the Original Warrantholder in the MGE Drag Notice 
 (b) any such Transfer to the Third Party Buyer shall be completed within a four (4) month period from delivery of the MGE Drag Notice to the Original Warrantholder (which four (4) month period may be extended for a reasonable time not to exceed thirty (30) days to the extent reasonably necessary to obtain required approvals or consents from any Governmental Authority) and 
 (c) if such Transfer is not consummated within such four (4) month period (as extended), then all the ROFR Securities shall again become automatically subject to this Clause 8.5. 
 8.5.6 The ROFR provided in this Clause 8.5 shall apply equally in any MGE Drag Sale involving a Group Company other than the Company pursuant to Clause 8.9.8, in which case the Original Warrantholder shall have a ROFR with respect to the Equity Securities of such Group Company proposed to be Transferred by the applicable MGE Party, mutatis mutandis , and Clauses 8.5.1 through 8.5.5 shall be construed accordingly. 
 8.6 MGE Shareholder s Call Option 
 8.6.1 MGE Shareholder shall have the right (the Call Option ), exercisable at MGE Shareholder s sole discretion, to require the Warrantholders to sell all (and not less than all) of the unexercised Warrants held by the Warrantholders at the relevant time (the Called Warrants to MGE Shareholder for an aggregate cash purchase price (the Call Price equal to the higher of 
 (a) the Fair Market Value of the Called Warrants on the date of such exercise of the Call Option, as determined by the Valuation Expert and 
 (b) USD 110 million, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of Called Warrants and the denominator of which is the total number of Warrants issued under this Agreement, 
 provided , that in the event of a concurrent exercise of the Call Option in accordance with this Clause 8.6 and the Put Option in accordance with Clause 8.2, the Put Option shall prevail. 
 8.6.2 MGE Shareholder may exercise the Call Option by delivery of a written notice thereof (the Call Option Exercise Notice to the Warrantholders at any time from (and including) the expiry date of the IPO Period until (and including) the tenth (10 th year anniversary of the Closing Date (such period, the Call Option Exercise Period provided , that the Call Option shall be suspended and may not be exercised by MGE Shareholder during (i) the period starting from the expiry date of the Put Settlement Period under Clause 8.2.7 up to (and including) the one (1) year anniversary of such expiry date and (ii) the period starting from the date of the BCC Drag Along Notice 
 54 

up to (and including) the expiration of the period set forth in Clause 8.3.2(c) to complete the BCC Drag Sale. 
 8.6.3 The Call Option Exercise Notice will state that MGE Shareholder has elected to exercise the Call Option in respect of all of the Called Warrants. 
 8.6.4 Concurrently with providing the Call Option Exercise Notice, MGE Shareholder shall deliver a Valuation Request to the Valuation Expert under Clause 12, requesting the determination of the Fair Market Value of the Called Warrants as of the date of the Call Option Exercise Notice. 
 8.6.5 The Call Option Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be validly served if it is delivered to the Warrantholders in accordance with Clause 18 Notices ). 
 8.6.6 For the avoidance of doubt, the Call Option may only be exercised for all (and not less than all) of the unexercised Warrants then held by all of the Warrantholders. 
 8.6.7 In no event later than sixty (60) Business Days after the date of the relevant Valuation Notification pursuant to which the Call Price is established in accordance with Clause 8.6.1 (the Call Settlement Period 
 (a) the Warrantholders will deliver to MGE Shareholder the Certificate(s) representing the Called Warrants and 
 (b) MGE Shareholder will pay to the Warrantholders by certified or bank check or wire transfer of immediately available funds, their pro rata portions of the Call Price. 
 8.6.8 The delivery by each Warrantholder of the Called Warrants (including the Certificate(s) for such Called Warrants) will be deemed a representation and warranty by it that (i) such Warrantholder has full right, title and interest in and to such Called Warrants (ii) such Warrantholder has all necessary power and authority and has taken all necessary action to sell such Called Warrants as contemplated by this Clause 8.6 and (iii) such Called Warrants are free from all Encumbrances (other than (x) any restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities Laws or this Agreement or (y) any Encumbrances created by or through the Group Companies), and in no event shall any Warrantholder be required to make or give or be deemed to have made or given any other representations or warranties, covenants, indemnity or other obligations in respect of the closing of the sale of the Called Warrants. 
 8.6.9 MGE Shareholder may revoke its Call Option Exercise Notice and the exercise of the relevant Call Option by serving a written notice of such revocation to the Warrantholders at any time during the Call Settlement Period. Any such revocation will be without prejudice to MGE Shareholder s right to send the Warrantholders a new Call Option Exercise Notice subject to complying with the procedure set out in this Clause 8.6. 
 8.6.10 If MGE Shareholder revokes a Call Option Exercise Notice in accordance with Clause 8.6.9 
 (a) notwithstanding Clause 12, MGE Shareholder shall pay or reimburse the Company for the costs and expenses of the Valuation Expert incurred in connection with the valuation conducted pursuant to Clause 8.6.4 and 
 55 

(b) if a Valuation Notification has been received in connection with the Call Option Exercise Notice, notwithstanding the provision of Clause 8.2, the Put Holder (at the applicable time) may exercise the Put Option in respect of the Called Warrants (the Put Holder Put Warrants by issuing a written notice to the MGE Shareholder Put Holder Put Option Exercise Notice specifying 
 (i) the aggregate cash purchase price payable for the Put Holder Put Warrants, which shall be equal to the Call Price and 
 (ii) the date for the closing of the purchase of the Put Holder Put Warrants which shall be the later of (x) the last day of the Call Settlement Period and (y) five (5) Business Days from the date of the Put Holder Put Option Exercise Notice. 
 8.6.11 It is agreed that if, pursuant to Clause 8.2.11, the Put Option provided in Clause 8.2 applies to any Substitution Shares or Equity Securities (as applicable) that the Put Holder holds at the relevant time, MGE Shareholder shall have a Call Option with respect to all (but not less than all) of the relevant Substitution Shares or Equity Securities (as applicable), mutatis mutandis , and Clauses 8.6.1 through 8.6.10 (including the definition of Called Warrants) shall be construed accordingly. 
 8.7 Special Call Option against Prohibited Person 
 8.7.1 MGE Shareholder shall have the right (the Special Call Option ), but not the obligation, to require a Warrantholder which is or becomes a Prohibited Person (the Prohibited Warrantholder to sell all (and not less than all) of the unexercised Warrants held by the Prohibited Warrantholder (the Special Called Warrants to MGE Shareholder for an aggregate cash purchase price (the Special Call Price equal to the sum of 
 (a) the higher of 
 (i) the Fair Market Value of the Special Called Warrants on the date of such exercise of the Special Call Option, as determined by the Valuation Expert and 
 (ii) USD 110 million, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of Special Called Warrants and the denominator of which is the total number of Warrants issued under this Agreement (such amount, the Special Call Upfront Amount and 
 (b) only in the event that the Special Call Option is exercised against the Original Warrantholder (or an Affiliate thereof), the Special Call True-up Amount. 
 8.7.2 Subject to the MGE Parties having exercised all reasonable endeavors to procure direct communications (including in-person meetings) between such Person and the relevant Governmental Authority, having provided to the Prohibited Warrantholder all material filings, submissions and written correspondence with the applicable Governmental Authorities (including Gaming Boards) relating to such Person s designation as a Prohibited Person, having exercised all reasonable endeavours to procure that such Person is given a reasonable opportunity to communicate with such Governmental Authority or any official, employee or representative thereof in connection with any such designation, and the right, to the fullest extent permitted by 
 56 

applicable Law, to challenge, appeal or otherwise dispute such decision of the relevant Governmental Authority, MGE Shareholder may exercise the Call Option by delivery of a written notice thereof (the Special Call Option Exercise Notice to the Prohibited Warrantholder provided , that the Special Call Option shall expire on the date falling six (6) years and six (6) months after the Closing Date. 
 8.7.3 For the avoidance of doubt, (a) the Special Call Option may be only exercised by MGE Shareholder against a Warrantholder which is a Prohibited Person, and not against any other Warrantholder, and (b) MGE Shareholder may not revoke the Special Call Option Exercise Notice in any event. 
 8.7.4 Concurrently with providing the Special Call Option Exercise Notice, MGE Shareholder shall deliver a Valuation Request to the Valuation Expert under Clause 12, requesting the determination of the Fair Market Value of the Special Called Warrants as of the date of the Special Call Option Exercise Notice. 
 8.7.5 The Call Option Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be validly served if it is delivered to the Prohibited Warrantholder in accordance with Clause 18 Notices ). 
 8.7.6 In no event later than sixty (60) Business Days after the date of the relevant Valuation Notification pursuant to which the Special Call Upfront Amount is established in accordance with Clause 8.7.1(a) (the Special Call Settlement Period 
 (a) the Prohibited Warrantholder will deliver to MGE Shareholder the Certificate(s) representing the Special Called Warrants and 
 (b) MGE Shareholder will pay to the Prohibited Warrantholder by certified or bank check or wire transfer of immediately available funds, the Special Call Upfront Amount 
 provided, that the initial sixty (60) Business Day Special Call Settlement Period shall be extended for an additional thirty (30) day period if so requested in writing by the MGE Shareholder if (i) within thirty (30) days from the date of receipt by MGE Shareholder of the Valuation Notification pursuant to which the Special Call Upfront Amount is established, MGE Shareholder has delivered a written notice to the Prohibited Warrantholder confirming the intention of MGE Shareholder to expeditiously consummate the purchase of the Special Called Warrants and describing its plans for funding the Special Call Upfront Amount, and (ii) such extension may be necessary to obtain the requisite financing in order to fund the Special Call Upfront Amount, and the MGE Shareholder provides the Prohibited Warrantholder, at the time of the extension request, with reasonable evidence that MGE Shareholder is engaged in good faith efforts to obtain such financing. 
 8.7.7 In the event that the Original Warrantholder (or its Affiliate) becomes a Prohibited Warrantholder and, pursuant to the Special Call Option, the transfer by the Prohibited Warrantholder to the MGE Shareholder of the Special Called Warrants has been completed in accordance with Clause 8.7.6, MGE Shareholder shall (and the other MGE Parties shall cause MGE Shareholder to) pay to the Original Warrantholder (or its Affiliate) the following amount (the Special Call True-up Amount ), by certified or bank check or wire transfer of immediately available funds, within two (2) 
 57 

months of the determination of the Special Call True-up Amount in accordance with this Clause 8.7.7 
 (a) in the event that there is an IPO prior to the date falling six (6) years and six (6) months after the Closing Date, an amount equal to (i) the Fair Market Value of the Special Called Warrants (as if the Special Call Option had not been exercised) calculated on the basis of the IPO Price minus (ii) the applicable Special Call Upfront Amount 
 (b) in the event that there is a Trade Sale prior to the date falling six (6) years and six (6) months after the Closing Date, an amount equal to (i) the Fair Market Value of the Special Called Warrants (as if the Special Call Option had not been exercised) calculated on the basis of the applicable equity valuation and sale price based upon which the Trade Sale has been consummated minus (ii) the applicable Special Call Upfront Amount and 
 (c) in the event that paragraphs (a) and (b) above are not applicable, an amount equal to (i) the Fair Market Value attributable to the Special Called Warrants (as if the Special Call Option had not been exercised) as of immediately prior to the date falling six (6) years and six (6) months after the Closing Date minus (ii) the applicable Special Call Upfront Amount 
 in each case as determined by the Valuation Expert (in accordance with Clause 12, applied mutatis mutandis ( provided , for the avoidance of doubt, that if any amount calculated under paragraphs (a) through (c) above is a negative number, then such amount shall be deemed to be zero). 
 8.7.8 The delivery by the Prohibited Warrantholder of the Special Called Warrants (including the Certificate(s) for such Special Called Warrants) will be deemed a representation and warranty by it that (i) the Prohibited Warrantholder has full right, title and interest in and to such Special Called Warrants (ii) the Prohibited Warrantholder has all necessary power and authority and has taken all necessary action to sell such Special Called Warrants as contemplated by this Clause 8.7 and (iii) such Special Called Warrants are free from all Encumbrances (other than (x) any restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities Laws or this Agreement or (y) any Encumbrances created by or through the Group Companies), and in no event shall the Prohibited Warrantholder be required to make or give or be deemed to have made or given any other representations or warranties, covenants, indemnity or other obligations in respect of the closing of the sale of the Special Called Warrants. 
 8.7.9 It is agreed that the Prohibited Warrantholder shall, from the date of delivery of the Special Call Option Exercise Notice by the MGE Shareholder to such Prohibited Warrantholder until the completion of a transfer of the Special Called Warrants to the MGE Shareholder by the Prohibited Warrantholder as contemplated by this Clause 8.7, use all reasonable endeavors to comply with any specific requirements requested by the Governmental Authorities (including Gaming Boards) relating to such Prohibited Warrantholder s designation as a Prohibited Person, as evidenced by a formal written notice stipulating such specific requirements from the applicable Governmental Authorities addressed to such Prohibited Warrantholder or addressed to the Sponsor, any MGE Party or their respective applicable Subsidiaries specifically naming such Prohibited Warrantholder (and promptly delivered by the Sponsor or such MGE Party or Subsidiary to such Prohibited Warrantholder). 
 58 

8.7.10 It is agreed that if any Holder of Exercised Shares or Substitution Shares becomes a Prohibited Person, MGE Shareholder shall have a Special Call Option with respect to all (but not less than all) of the relevant Exercised Shares or Substitution Shares (as applicable) held by such Prohibited Person, mutatis mutandis , and Clauses 8.7.1 through 8.7.9 (including the definition of Special Called Warrants) shall be construed accordingly. 
 8.8 MGE Shareholder s Right of First Offer 
 8.8.1 If at any time any Warrantholder and or Non-MGE Shareholder (a ROFO Holder desires to Transfer any or all of its Equity Securities in any Group Company (the ROFO Securities to a Third Party Buyer, other than any Transfer pursuant to (a) an IPO, (b) in the case of the Put Holder, the exercise of its Put Option under Clause 8.2, (c) in the case of the Put Holder, the exercise of the BCC Drag Along Right under Clause 8.3, (d) the exercise of the Tag Along Right under Clause 8.4, (e) MGE Shareholder s exercise of its Call Option under Clause 8.6, or (f) MGE Shareholder s exercise of its MGE Drag Along Right under Clause 8.9, such ROFO Holder shall, prior to initiating contact or discussing with a Third Party Buyer about a proposed sale of the ROFO Securities to such Third Party Buyer, provide a written notice to MGE Shareholder (the ROFO Notice ), setting forth (i) the number of ROFO Securities proposed to be Transferred, (ii) the proposed purchase price in cash per ROFO Security (the ROFO Sale Price ), and (iii) the other material proposed terms and conditions of the Transfer (collectively, the ROFO Sale Terms ). 
 8.8.2 Upon receipt of a ROFO Notice, MGE Shareholder shall have the right (the Right of First Offer ), exercisable at its option and within forty-five (45) days of receipt of such notice (the ROFO Acceptance Period ), to purchase all, but not less than all, of the ROFO Securities (the ROFO Right ), at the price and on terms and conditions set forth in the ROFO Notice, by delivery to the ROFO Holder of a written notice indicating its election to purchase the ROFO Securities (a ROFO Acceptance Notice ). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the BCC Warrantholder and the MBKP Warrantholder deliver their respective ROFO Notices substantially concurrently, and both ROFO Notices contain the same ROFO Sale Price and substantially identical ROFO Sale Terms (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, the number of ROFO Securities proposed to be Transferred), MGE Shareholder shall not exercise its Right of First Offer in respect of any of the ROFO Securities proposed to be sold by BCC Warrantholder or MBKP Warrantholder unless it exercises its Right of First Offer in respect of all of the ROFO Securities so proposed to be sold by both BCC Warrantholder and MBKP Warrantholder. 
 8.8.3 A ROFO Acceptance Notice delivered by MGE Shareholder shall be binding upon MGE Shareholder upon delivery and irrevocable by MGE Shareholder. 
 8.8.4 The failure of MGE Shareholder to deliver a ROFO Acceptance Notice by the end of the ROFO Acceptance Period shall constitute a waiver of the ROFO Right under this Clause 8.8 with respect to the Transfer of the ROFO Securities, but shall not affect its rights with respect to any future Transfer. 
 8.8.5 If the ROFO Holders receive a ROFO Acceptance Notice from MGE Shareholder within the ROFO Acceptance Period, then the ROFO Holders and MGE Shareholder shall have two (2) months following receipt of the ROFO Acceptance Notice by the ROFO Holders to complete the sale of the ROFO Securities (which two (2) months period may be extended for a reasonable 
 59 

time not to exceed sixty (60) days to the extent reasonably necessary to obtain required approvals or consents from any Governmental Authority). 
 8.8.6 At the closing of the sale of the ROFO Securities, the ROFO Holders will deliver to MGE Shareholder, if applicable, a certificate or certificates representing the ROFO Securities, duly endorsed in blank or accompanied by stock powers or other instruments of transfer duly executed in blank, and MGE Shareholder will pay to the ROFO Holders by certified or bank check or wire transfer of immediately available funds, the ROFO Sale Price multiplied by the number of ROFO Securities. 
 8.8.7 If the ROFO Holders (i) do not receive a ROFO Acceptance Notice within the ROFO Acceptance Period or (ii) have received a ROFO Acceptance Notice within the ROFO Acceptance Period but MGE Shareholder has failed to comply with the terms set out in the ROFO Notice or has failed to perform its obligations to complete the purchase of the ROFO Securities within the period of time specified in Clause 8.8.5, then the sale of the ROFO Securities to MGE Shareholder shall not proceed and the ROFO Holders shall be entitled within the following four (4) month period to complete the sale of all or a part of the ROFO Securities to a Third Party Buyer (which four (4) month period may be extended for a reasonable time not to exceed thirty (30) days to the extent reasonably necessary to obtain required approvals or consents from any Governmental Authority) at or above the ROFO Sale Price and upon other terms and conditions which are not more favourable in the aggregate to the prospective purchaser than the ROFO Sale Terms, without repeating the procedures set out in this Clause 8.8. If the sale to a Third Party Buyer under this Clause 8.8.7 is not completed within such four (4) month period (as extended), then the right of the ROFO Holder(s) to sell the ROFO Securities to the Third Party Buyer shall lapse and prior to any subsequent sale to a Third Party Buyer, the ROFO Holder(s) shall be required to repeat the procedures set out in this Clause 8.8. 
 8.8.8 Each Warrantholder and Non-MGE Shareholder shall procure that any Transfer of any direct or indirect interest in any Group Company to a Third Party Buyer shall be effected as a direct Transfer by the Warrantholder or Non-MGE Shareholder, as applicable, of its Equity Securities of such Group Company, such that the above provisions of this Clause 8.8 shall not be circumvented by Transferring Equity Securities in the Warrantholder or Non-MGE Shareholder, as applicable, or any holding company thereof provided , that with respect to the Original Warrantholder (and any other Warrantholder or Non-MGE Shareholder that are Controlled by investment funds), any Transfer of an indirect interest in any Group Company occurring as a result of transfers of limited partnership interests in such investment funds shall not be restricted by this Clause 8.8.8. 
 8.9 MGE Shareholder s Drag Along Right 
 8.9.1 Subject to Clause 8.5 Original Warrantholder s Right of First Refusal ), in the event MGE Shareholder desires to Transfer all (and not less than all) of its Company Equity Securities to a Third Party Buyer, MGE Shareholder shall have the right (the MGE Drag Along Right to require the sale of, and Warrantholders and Non-MGE Shareholders (the MGE Dragged Holders shall sell, at such time, concurrently with MGE Shareholder s sale of its Company Equity Securities, all (but not less than all) of the Company Equity Securities held by the MGE Dragged Holders, for cash consideration and at the same sale price (on an as-converted, fully-diluted per share price basis) and on the same terms and conditions that MGE Shareholder shall sell 
 60 

its Company Equity Securities to the Third Party Buyer (collectively, a MGE Drag Sale in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 8.9. 
 8.9.2 In the event of a MGE Drag Sale 
 (a) MGE Shareholder must provide a written notice (a MGE Drag Notice to each MGE Dragged Holder, at least forty-five (45) days days prior to the consummation of the MGE Drag Sale, of its intention to exercise the MGE Drag Along Right, which notice shall state 
 (i) the proposed sale price of the Company Equity Securities to be sold in the MGE Drag Sale (on an as-converted, fully-diluted per share price basis) and the key commercial terms of such sale (including, to the extent available at such time, any written proposals or agreements relating thereto) 
 (ii) the anticipated closing date and 
 (iii) the identity of the Third Party Buyer. 
 (b) For so long as the Original Warrantholder holds any Company Equity Securities and has a ROFR under Clause 8.5, concurrently with providing the MGE Drag Notice, MGE Shareholder shall deliver a Valuation Request to the Valuation Expert under Clause 12, requesting the determination of the Fair Market Value of the Company Equity Securities as of the date of the MGE Drag Notice, unless the Original Warrantholder, on the one hand, and the Company and MGE Shareholder on the other hand, have mutually agreed the Fair Market Value of the Company Equity Securities in writing. 
 (c) MGE Shareholder shall have a six (6) month period (which six (6) month period may be extended for a reasonable time not to exceed ninety (90) days to the extent reasonably necessary to obtain required approvals or consents from any Governmental Authority) from delivery of the MGE Drag Notice to the MGE Dragged Holders to complete a MGE Drag Sale. 
 (d) All reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with any proposed MGE Drag Sale (whether or not consummated), including all attorneys fees and charges, all accounting fees and charges and all finders, brokerage and investment banking fees, charges or commissions, will be paid by each seller in the MGE Drag Sale on a pro rata basis, based on the aggregate consideration received by such seller provided , that each seller in the MGE Drag Sale shall bear its own taxes. 
 8.9.3 If a vote of any MGE Dragged Holder is required under any applicable Law in connection with a MGE Drag Sale being implemented pursuant to this Clause 8.9 or is deemed otherwise desirable by MGE Shareholder in connection with a transaction being implemented pursuant to this Clause 8.9, each MGE Dragged Holder agrees to cast all votes to which such MGE Dragged Holder is entitled as the holder of its Company Equity Securities (whether at any annual or special meeting of shareholders of the Company, by written consent or otherwise, in such manner as MGE Shareholder may instruct) to approve any sale, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, reorganization or any other transaction or series of transactions involving the Company (or all or any portion of its assets) in connection with, or in 
 61 

furtherance of, the exercise by MGE Shareholder of its rights under this Clause 8.9. 
 8.9.4 MGE Shareholder shall use commercially reasonable endeavours to conduct the MGE Drag Sale in good faith and through a commercially reasonable process, in consultation with the Original Warrantholder and taking into consideration the Original Warrantholder s reasonable suggestions regarding the appointment of an investment bank to conduct the sale, the sale price and the identity of the Third Party Buyer. 
 8.9.5 In the event of a MGE Drag Sale, each MGE Dragged Holder participating in such MGE Drag Sale shall execute the applicable purchase agreement, if any, as is executed by MGE Shareholder with respect to the MGE Drag Sale and shall make or provide the same representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities as MGE Shareholder makes or provides in connection therewith provided that 
 (a) such MGE Dragged Holder shall only be obligated to make or provide representations and warranties that relate to such MGE Dragged Holder s due organization, valid existence and good standing, such MGE Dragged Holder s title to and ownership of its Company Equity Securities (including that such Company Equity Securities are free from Encumbrances (other than (x) any restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities Laws or this Agreement or (y) any Encumbrances created by or through the Group Companies) and from all other rights exercisable by, or claims by, third parties), the authorization, execution and delivery of relevant documents and the enforceability of such documents against such MGE Dragged Holder 
 (b) none of MGE Shareholder or any of the MGE Dragged Holders shall be obligated to make any of the foregoing representations and warranties with respect to the other Holders or their Company Equity Securities or contribute towards the cost of any warranty insurance 
 (c) unless otherwise agreed to by the MGE Dragged Holders in writing, all indemnities and other obligations assumed or incurred in connection with a MGE Drag Sale, other than with respect to representations and warranties made individually by such MGE Dragged Holder pursuant to paragraph (a) above and covenants made individually by such MGE Dragged Holder, shall be allocated solely to MGE Shareholder and 
 (d) in no event shall any MGE Dragged Holder have any indemnity or other obligation for any amount exceeding the proceeds actually received by such MGE Dragged Holder in the MGE Drag Sale or be obligated to make any part of such proceeds subject to a retention of any nature. 
 8.9.6 Subject to Clause 8.9.5, the MGE Dragged Holders shall take all actions as may be reasonably necessary to consummate the MGE Drag Sale, including, without limitation, entering into agreements and delivering certificates and instruments (including (a) a form of transfer in respect of their Company Equity Securities, (b) a duly executed sale agreement pursuant to which the MGE Dragged Holders provide representations and warranties as to title to, and ownership of, the Company Equity Securities held by them (including that such Company Equity Securities are free from Encumbrances (other than (x) any restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities Laws or this Agreement or (y) any Encumbrances created by or through the Group Companies)), and (c) the share certificate(s) (or an indemnity in its place) in 
 62 

respect of the Company Equity Securities held by them), in each case, consistent with the agreements being entered into and the certificates and instruments being delivered by MGE Shareholder. 
 8.9.7 The proceeds of a MGE Drag Sale will be distributed to the MGE Dragged Holders and MGE Shareholder in the following amounts and order of priority 
 (a) first, one hundred percent (100 to the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders pro rata to the number of Company Equity Securities sold by each Warrantholder and Exercise Shareholder), until the cumulative distributions (including all Distributions received by the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any previous holders of Warrants and Exercise Shares) prior to the consummation of the MGE Drag Sale) received by the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders equals USD 110 million 
 (b) second, one hundred percent (100 to MGE Shareholder and the other MGE Dragged Holders (excluding the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders) pro rata to the number of Company Equity Securities sold by each of them) until the cumulative distributions received by MGE Shareholder and each such other MGE Dragged Holder equal the total MGE Drag Sale proceeds pro-rated by the number of Company Equity Securities respectively sold by each of them in the MGE Drag Sale 
 (c) third, one hundred percent (100 to the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders pro rata to the number of Company Equity Securities sold by each of them), until the cumulative distributions (including the distribution received under paragraph (a) above) received by each Warrantholder and Exercise Shareholder equal the total MGE Drag Sale proceeds pro-rated by the number of Company Equity Securities sold by each of them in the MGE Drag Sale and 
 (d) thereafter, any remaining proceeds will be distributed to the MGE Dragged Holders and to MGE Shareholder on a pro rata basis in proportion to the number of Company Equity Securities that each sold in the MGE Drag Sale. 
 8.9.8 The MGE Drag Along Right provided in this Clause 8.9 shall apply equally in any Exit Event involving a Group Company other than the Company in respect of which the Warrantholders and the Exercise Shareholders hold Substitution Shares, in which case the Substitution Parent shall have a MGE Drag Along Right in such Group Company with respect to the Substitution Shares (to be transferred to the Warrantholders and or the Exercise Shareholders upon a Substitution Transaction pursuant to Clause 7.8), in each case mutatis mutandis , and Clauses 8.9.1 through 8.9.7 shall be construed accordingly, provided that, in the case of any Exit Event involving Inspire, the proceeds of a MGE Drag Sale to be distributed pursuant to Clause 8.9.7 shall not include the proceeds received by HE&C or any Manager Shareholders in respect of any Inspire Shares held and sold by HE&C or any Manager Shareholders (as applicable). 
 63 

9. LIQUIDATION 
 9.1 Liquidation and Dissolution 
 Subject to Clause 7.4, if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Company or if any other dissolution of the Company by operation of law is to take place, then the provisions of Clause 9.2 or 9.3 will apply to the extent enforceable in accordance with applicable Law. Subject to compliance with Clauses 9.2 or 9.3, as applicable, the Warrants will lapse on liquidation of the Company. 
 9.2 Sanctioned Agreement 
 If the winding-up or dissolution is for the purpose of a reorganisation or amalgamation pursuant to a scheme of arrangement sanctioned by a Warrantholders Resolution, the terms of the scheme of arrangement will be binding on the Warrantholders. 
 9.3 Non-Sanctioned Agreement 
 9.3.1 If Clause 9.2 does not apply, the Company will, as soon as reasonably practicable, notify the Warrantholders, in writing, that such an order has been made or resolution has been passed or other dissolution is to take place. 
 9.3.2 Subject to any applicable Laws, the Warrantholders will be entitled at any time within two (2) months after the date a notice under Clause 9.3.1 is given to elect by notice in writing to the Company to be treated as if they had, immediately before the date of the making of the order or passing of the resolution or other dissolution, exercised the Warrants and they will be entitled to receive, out of the assets which would otherwise be available in the liquidation to the holders of Shares, such a sum, if any, as they would have received had they been the holders of the Warrant Shares to which they would have become entitled by virtue of such exercise, after deducting from such sum an amount equal to the Warrant Share Subscription Price which would have been payable by them on such exercise. 
 9.3.3 Nothing contained in this Clause 9 will have the effect of requiring the Warrantholders to make any actual or additional payment to the Company. 
 10. CERTIFICATES 
 10.1 Issue of Certificates 
 Within five (5) Business Days of entering the name of a Warrantholder in the Register, the Company will issue to the Warrantholder a Certificate in respect of those Warrants it is recorded in the Register as the holder of. 
 10.2 Joint Holders 
 Joint holders will be entitled to only one Certificate in respect of the Warrants held by them jointly. This Certificate will be delivered to the holder whose name is first in the Register in respect of such joint holding and delivery of a Certificate to one joint holder is sufficient delivery to all joint holders. The Company will not be bound to register more than four Persons as joint holders of any Warrant. 
 64 

10.3 Lost Certificates, etc. 
 If a Certificate is mutilated, defaced, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company will replace it provided that 
 10.3.1 the Warrantholder seeking the replacement provides the Company with such evidence and indemnity in respect of the mutilation, defacement, loss, theft or destruction as the Company may reasonably require 
 10.3.2 the Warrantholder seeking the replacement pays the Company s reasonable costs in connection with the issue of the replacement and 
 10.3.3 mutilated or defaced Certificates in respect of which replacements are being sought are surrendered. 
 11. WARRANTIES 
 11.1 Each of the MGE Parties and Inspire warrants to the Warrantholders that as at the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date 
 11.1.1 such party has taken all necessary actions and has all requisite power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement in accordance with its terms 
 11.1.2 this Agreement constitutes valid, legal and binding obligations on such party in accordance with its terms and 
 11.1.3 the execution and delivery of this Agreement by such party and compliance by such party with its terms shall not breach or constitute a default under 
 (a) the Articles, the articles of association or similar charter documents of such party or of any other Group Company 
 (b) any agreement or instrument to which such party or any other Group Company is a party or is bound or 
 (c) any order, judgment, decree or other restriction applicable to such party or any other Group Company. 
 11.2 The Company warrants to the Warrantholders that as at the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date 
 11.2.1 the Board has been authorised pursuant to its Articles to execute this Agreement, issue the Warrants and allot and issue the Warrant Shares in accordance with its terms and, pursuant to that authorisation, the Board may allot and issue the Warrant Shares free from all Encumbrances and from all other rights exercisable by, or claims by, third parties (in each case, other than any restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities Laws or this Agreement) 
 11.2.2 other than the Hanwha Convertible Bond and the Inspire Shares to be issued upon the due conversion of such Hanwha Convertible Bond, there is no agreement, arrangement or obligation requiring the creation, allotment or issue or grant to a Person of the right (conditional or not) to require the allotment or issue of any Equity Securities in the Company or any other Group Company and there are no Outstanding Options issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding 
 65 

11.2.3 other than the Hanwha Convertible Bond, there are no voting trusts, stockholder agreements, proxies or other agreements or understandings in effect with respect to the voting or sale or transfer of any Equity Securities of the Company or any other Group Company 
 11.2.4 all representations and warranties made to the Mezzanine Lender under clause 17 of the Mezzanine Loan Agreement are true and correct on the date hereof and as of the Closing Date and 
 11.2.5 the authorized capital stock of the Company shall consist of 100,000,000 shares of Shares in the Company, par value USD0.01 per share, of which 15,600 Shares shall be issued and outstanding and owned entirely by MGE Shareholder as of the Closing Date. All of the issued and outstanding Shares of the Company have 
 (a) been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable 
 (b) been issued and granted in compliance with all applicable Law or pursuant to valid exemptions therefrom and 
 (c) not been issued in violation of any contract, agreement or other legally binding instrument or any preemptive or similar rights of any Person. 
 11.2.6 all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Group Companies (other than the Company) have 
 (a) been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable 
 (b) been issued and granted in compliance with all applicable Law or pursuant to valid exemptions therefrom and 
 (c) not been issued in violation of any contract, agreement or other legally binding instrument or any preemptive or similar rights of any Person. 
 11.3 The warranties set forth in Clauses 11.1 and 11.2 (other than Clauses 11.2.2, 11.2.3 and 11.2.4) are deemed to be repeated to the Warrantholders (and, if applicable, to the Exercise Shareholders) on the date of any exercise of the Warrants pursuant to this Agreement by reference to the facts then existing. 
 11.4 The Original Warrantholder warrants to the Company and MGE Shareholder that as at the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date 
 11.4.1 it has taken all necessary actions and has all requisite power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement in accordance with its terms 
 11.4.2 this Agreement constitutes valid, legal and binding obligations of the Original Warrantholder in accordance with its terms 
 11.4.3 the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Original Warrantholder and compliance with its terms shall not breach or constitute a default under 
 (a) its articles of association or similar charter documents 
 (b) any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or is bound or 
 (c) any order, judgment, decree or other restriction applicable to it. 
 66 

11.5 The MBK Warrantholder warrants to the Company and MGE Shareholder that as at the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date 
 11.5.1 it has taken all necessary actions and has all requisite power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement in accordance with its terms 
 11.5.2 this Agreement constitutes valid, legal and binding obligations of the MBK Warrantholder in accordance with its terms 
 11.5.3 the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the MBK Warrantholder and compliance with its terms shall not breach or constitute a default under 
 (a) its articles of association or similar charter documents 
 (b) any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or is bound or 
 (c) any order, judgment, decree or other restriction applicable to it. 
 12. VALUATION DETERMINATION BY EXPERT 
 Upon delivery of a written notice by any of (i) the Lead Holder, Majority Holder or Original Warrantholder (as applicable), (ii) MGE Shareholder, or (iii) the Company (for itself and or on behalf of any other Group Company), in each case in connection with (a) an exercise of the Put Option, Call Option or Special Call Option, (b) a BCC Drag Sale, (c) an MGE Drag Sale, or (d) the calculation of the Substitution Shares and the related Substitution FMV, Early Substitution FMV, Delta Shares, the Cash Settlement Amount under Clause 7.8.4 or the Special Call True-up Amount under Clause 8.7.7 (the Valuation Request ), the Valuation Expert will determine the Fair Market Value of the relevant Equity Securities on the following basis 
 12.1 the costs and expenses of the Valuation Expert will be borne by the Company, subject to Clauses 8.2.10(a) and 8.6.10(a) 
 12.2 the Valuation Expert shall determine the Fair Market Value of the relevant Equity Securities as of the valuation date set forth in the Valuation Request and notify each of the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders, the Company and MGE Shareholder of the results within ten (10) Business Days from the time it received such Valuation Request (the Valuation Notification 
 12.3 the Valuation Expert will be deemed to act as an expert and not an arbitrator 
 12.4 except in the case of fraud or manifest error, the determination of the Valuation Expert shall be final and binding upon all parties and shall be excluded from the scope of Clause 20 and 
 12.5 each party shall promptly and fully cooperate with the Valuation Expert, including by furnishing all requested information and copies of documents and granting reasonable access to the books and records and management and employees of any Group Company as may be requested by the Valuation Expert, in connection with the Valuation Request. 
 13. INDEMNIFICATION 
 13.1 Each Warrantholder and or Non-MGE Shareholder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless MGE Shareholder, the Company and their respective Representatives (the MGE Indemnified Parties from and against and in respect of any and all Losses suffered or incurred by any MGE Indemnified Party arising out of 
 67 

or relating to any breach or non-performance of such Warrantholder s and or Non-MGE Shareholder s representations or warranties, covenants or obligations hereunder. 
 13.2 The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Warrantholders, the Non-MGE Shareholders and their respective Representatives (the Non-MGE Indemnified Parties from and against and in respect of any and all Losses suffered or incurred by any Non-MGE Indemnified Party arising out of or relating to any breach or non-performance by the Company of its representations or warranties, covenants or obligations hereunder. 
 13.3 MGE Shareholder shall indemnify and hold harmless the Non-MGE Indemnified Parties from and against and in respect of any and all Losses suffered or incurred by any Non-MGE Indemnified Party arising out of or relating to any breach or non-performance by MGE Shareholder of its representations or warranties, covenants or obligations hereunder. 
 13.4 In the event any Indemnified Party wishes to make a claim for indemnification under this Clause 13, such claim shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Schedule 8. 
 14. SUPREMACY OF THIS AGREEMENT 
 If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement, on the one hand, and the Articles or the articles of association of any Group Company, on the other hand, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail and each party shall use its respective rights and powers to procure (in each case so far as they are able) 
 14.1.1 subject to Clause 7.4, if requested to do so by the Warrantholders or any Shareholder, that the terms of the Articles or the articles of association of any Group Company are amended so as to accord with the provisions of this Agreement and 
 14.1.2 that no action is taken in respect of the Company or any other Group Company unless any consents required to be obtained and or procedures required to be followed in respect of such action under the terms of this Agreement are obtained and or followed. 
 15. ASSIGNMENT 
 15.1 Except as provided in this Agreement, no party shall assign or in any other way dispose of any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of (a) the MGE Parties and Inspire, in case of assignment or disposal by the Warrantholders or the Non-MGE Shareholders, and (b) the Lead Holder, in case of assignment or disposal by any MGE Party or Inspire. 
 15.2 Except as explicitly provided in this Agreement, any or all of the Warrantholders or Non-MGE Shareholders rights under this Agreement (including the benefit of the warranties provided under Clause 11) may be assigned (in whole or in proportionate part) to any Person to whom they transfer Warrants and or Shares in accordance with this Agreement provided , that rights which are expressly stated in this Agreement as being exercisable by the Original Warrantholder shall not be assignable to another Warrantholder or any other Person (other than a Person which is an Affiliate of the Original Warrantholder). 
 16. DURATION AND TERMINATION 
 16.1.1 Without prejudice to the accrued rights and obligations of any party as at the date of termination, this Agreement shall cease and terminate 
 68 

(a) with respect to all the parties, upon the earliest to occur of 
 (i) the date on which all the Shares and Warrants are held by MGE Shareholder or an Affiliate thereof and 
 (ii) the date on which MGE Shareholder and its Affiliates cease to hold any Shares or other Equity Securities in the Group Companies provided , that each of the MGE Parties shall have complied with its covenants and obligations hereunder in connection with such transaction (including by delivering the Exit Notice pursuant to Clause 7.7) and 
 (iii) the consummation of a Qualified IPO provided , that the MGE Parties shall have complied with the provisions of Clause 3 in respect of any exercise of Subscription Rights or Clause 7.8 in respect of any exercise of Substitution Rights in connection therewith and 
 (b) with respect to any 
 (i) Warrantholder (solely in its capacity as a Warrantholder), upon that Warrantholder ceasing to be a holder of any Warrants (including pursuant to Clause 4.5) or 
 (ii) Non-MGE Shareholder (solely in its capacity as a Shareholder), upon that Non-MGE Shareholder ceasing to be a holder of any Shares 
 provided , that, where appropriate, such party shall first have complied with its obligations under Clause 8 and the transferee of such Warrants and Shares shall have entered into a Deed of Adherence. 
 16.1.2 Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement pursuant to Clause 16.1.1, the provisions of Clauses 1 Interpretation ), 7.8.4(d) True-up Adjustment for Delta Shares ), 7.8.8, 7.10 No Impairment ), 8.1.3, 8.7.7 Special Call Option against Prohibited Person ), 12 Valuation Determination by Expert ), 13 Indemnification ), 17 General ), 18 Notices ), 19 Governing Law and 20 Dispute Resolution shall survive any such termination of this Agreement and any such termination shall not affect any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities of the parties that have accrued prior to such termination. 
 17. GENERAL 
 17.1 Counterparts 
 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered is an original, and all of which together evidence the same agreement. 
 17.2 Entire Agreement 
 17.2.1 This Agreement, together with the Articles and the Mezzanine Loan Agreement and all related exhibits, schedules and other agreements to be entered into in connection herewith or therewith, constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein and therein, and supersede any previous agreement between the parties (whether written or oral) relating to such subject matter and 
 69 

without prejudice to the generality of this entire agreement provision, excludes any warranty, condition or other undertaking implied at law or by custom. 
 17.2.2 Each of the parties acknowledges and agrees that, in entering into this Agreement, it has not relied on any representation, warranty, assurance, covenant, indemnity, undertaking or commitment which is not expressly set out in this Agreement. 
 17.2.3 No provision of this Agreement excludes liability for fraud or wilful misconduct including fraudulent misrepresentation. 
 17.3 Further Assurance 
 Each of the parties agrees to take all such action or procure that all such action is taken to execute and perform such further deeds and documents and give such further assurances, in each case, as may reasonably be required in order to implement the terms of this Agreement or any transaction, matter or thing contemplated by this Agreement. 
 17.4 No Partnership or Agency 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a partnership or agency relationship between the parties or any of them. 
 17.5 Partial Invalidity 
 If, at any time, any provision of this Agreement is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under any law of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the law of any other jurisdiction will in any way be affected or impaired. 
 17.6 Remedies 
 17.6.1 No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of any party, any right or remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or remedy prevent any further or other exercise or the exercise of any other right or remedy. The rights and remedies provided in this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. 
 17.6.2 Each party acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach by such party of any of its obligations under this Agreement would give rise to irreparable harm to the other parties, for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy, and hereby agrees that in the event of a breach or a threatened breach by such party of any such obligations, the non-breaching parties shall, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies that may be available to them in respect of such breach, be entitled (in addition to any other remedy that may be available to them whether in Law or equity, including monetary damages) to equitable relief, including a temporary restraining order, an injunction, specific performance and any other relief that may be available from a court of competent jurisdiction (without any requirement to post bond) to enforce the observance and performance of such obligations. 
 17.6.3 For the avoidance of doubt, each party further agrees that (i) it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance and other 
 70 

equitable relief as provided herein on the basis that the other parties have an adequate remedy at Law or an award of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at Law or equity and (ii) no other party or any other Person shall be required to obtain, furnish or post any bond or similar instrument in connection with or as a condition to obtaining any remedy referred to in this Clause 17.6, and each party irrevocably waives any right it may have to require the obtaining, furnishing or posting of any such bond or similar instrument. 
 17.7 Unlawful Fetters 
 No Group Company or any other relevant company shall be bound by any provision of this Agreement to the extent that it would constitute an unlawful fetter on any of its statutory powers, but the relevant provision shall remain valid and binding as regards the other parties to this Agreement to which it is expressed to apply. 
 17.8 Third Party Rights 
 A Person who is not a party to this Agreement (either as an original party hereto or by way of execution of the Deed of Adherence) has no right under the Contract (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise to enforce any term of this Agreement (other than a Holder Director with respect to Clause 6.3.5). 
 17.9 Amendments 
 No amendment, change or addition to this Agreement is effective or binding on a party unless in writing and executed by (i) the Lead Holder (on behalf of the Warrantholders and or Exercise Shareholders) and (ii) each of the MGE Parties and Inspire, and all parties to this Agreement shall be bound by a variation signed by such Persons. 
 17.10 Waivers 
 17.10.1 No failure or delay by any party or time or indulgence given in exercising any remedy or right under or in relation to this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of the same nor shall any single or partial exercise of any remedy or right preclude any further exercise of the same or the exercise of any other remedy or right. 
 17.10.2 No waiver by any party of any requirement of this Agreement, or of any remedy or right under this Agreement, shall have effect unless given in writing and signed by such party. No waiver of any particular breach of the provisions of this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any repetition of such breach. 
 17.10.3 Any waiver, release or compromise or any other arrangement of any kind whatsoever which any party gives or enters into with any other party in connection with this Agreement shall not affect any right or remedy of any party as regards any other parties or the liabilities of any other such parties under or in relation to this Agreement. 
 17.11 Costs and Fees 
 Except as otherwise set out in the Mezzanine Loan Agreement, each party shall bear its own costs and expenses in relation to the negotiation, preparation, execution, completion and carrying into effect of this Agreement and or for all matters arising after the date of this Agreement, including without limitation, any Deed of Adherence. 
 71 

17.12 Confidentiality 
 17.12.1 Each party to this Agreement shall keep confidential all information received or obtained as a consequence of entering into or performing this Agreement, including any information provided to such party under Clause 6, which information relates to 
 (a) the affairs or business of the other parties or their Affiliates 
 (b) the Group Companies or their business or assets or 
 (c) the subject matter or provisions of, or transactions or matters contemplated by, or negotiations leading to, this Agreement 
 provided , that such confidential information excludes information that (i) is or becomes public information other than as a direct or indirect result of any breach of this Clause 17.12 (ii) is identified in writing at the time of delivery as non-confidential by the disclosing party or any of its Representatives or (iii) is known by the recipient party before the date such information is disclosed to it by the disclosing party, or is lawfully obtained by such recipient party after that date, from a source which is, as far as such party is aware, unconnected with the disclosing party and which, in either case, as far as such recipient party is aware, has not been obtained in breach of, and is not otherwise subject to, any obligation of confidentiality to the disclosing party. 
 17.12.2 Clause 17.12.1 shall not prohibit the disclosure by a party hereto of any confidential information if and to the extent that 
 (a) the disclosure is made with the consent of the Person to which such information relates (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) or made to such Person 
 (b) the information is in or enters into the public domain other than by a breach of this Agreement 
 (c) the disclosure is required or requested by a Governmental Authority (including any stock exchange on which the shares or other Equity Securities of any party or its Affiliates are listed) or pursuant to any applicable Law or otherwise where the recipient party is under a legal or regulatory obligation (including pursuant to existing voluntary agreements between such party and relevant Governmental Authorities) to disclose 
 (d) the disclosure is required to be disclosed in connection with, and for the purposes of, any litigation, arbitration, administrative or other investigations, proceedings or disputes 
 (e) the disclosure is made to its Representatives or its professional advisers (including its solicitors), delegates or auditors (on an as-needed basis) provided , that any such Representative or other Person is advised of the confidential nature of such information and agrees to keep such information confidential in accordance with the terms hereof, except that there shall be no such requirement to so inform if the relevant Representative or other Person is subject to professional obligations to maintain the confidentiality of the information or is otherwise bound by requirements of confidentiality in relation to such information 
 72 

(f) the disclosure is made to any Person to whom such party assigns or Transfers (or may potentially assign or Transfer) all or any of its Equity Securities of a Group Company or its rights and or obligations under this Agreement in compliance with the applicable provisions hereof, or to such Person s Representatives, professional advisers (including its solicitors), delegates and auditors provided , that each of the foregoing Persons is advised of the confidential nature of such information and agrees to keep such information confidential in accordance with the terms hereof, except that there shall be no such requirement to so inform any such Person who is subject to professional obligations to maintain the confidentiality of the information or is otherwise bound by requirements of confidentiality in relation to such information or 
 (g) the disclosure of information to any tax authority to the extent such disclosure is reasonably required for the purposes of the tax affairs of the party concerned or any of its Affiliates. 
 Without limiting the foregoing, none of the parties hereto shall be bound by the confidentiality requirements of this Clause 17.12 in connection with the exercise or enforcement of its respective rights and or performance of its obligations regarding this Agreement or any dispute relating to or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 18. NOTICES 
 18.1 Mode of Service 
 Any notice or other communication given under or in connection with the matters contemplated by this Agreement will be in writing and in the English language signed by or on behalf of the Person giving it. Any such notice or other communication shall be hand-delivered or sent by courier, e-mail or facsimile transmission, and shall be deemed duly given by delivering it to the Person due to receive it at the postal address, facsimile number or email address set out below 
 18.1.1 in the case of the Company, to the postal address, facsimile number or email address of the Company at 
 MGE Korea Holding III Limited 
 Address 22 Grenville Street, St Helier, Jersey JE4 8PX 
 Attn Directors 
 Facsimile +44 (0) 1534 676 333 
 E-mail mourantgsjersey mourant.com 
 18.1.2 in the case of the MGE Shareholder, to the postal address, facsimile number or email address of the MGE Shareholder at 
 MGE Korea Holding II Limited 
 Address 22 Grenville Street, St Helier, Jersey JE4 8PX 
 Attn Directors 
 Facsimile +44 (0) 1534 676 333 
 E-mail mourantgsjersey mourant.com 
 18.1.3 in the case of the Mezzanine Borrower, to the postal address, facsimile number or email address of the Mezzanine Borrower at 
 73 

MGE Korea Limited 
 Address 100 New Bridge Street, London, United Kingdom, EC4V 6JA 
 Attn. Directors 
 Facsimile (860) 862-5997 
 E-mail swells mohegangaming.com 
 
 18.1.4 in the case of Inspire, to the postal address, facsimile number or email address of Inspire at 
 Inspire Integrated Resort Co., Ltd. 
 Address D-1603, 30 Songdo Miraero, Yeonsu-gu, Incheon, Korea 
 Attn. Directors 
 Facsimile (860) 862-5997 
 E-mail swells mohegangaming.com 
 18.1.5 in the case of the Original Warrantholder, to the postal address or email address of the Original Warrantholder at 
 BCC Inspire Aggregator, L.P. 
 c o Bain Capital Credit, L.P. 
 Address Suite 302, 4001 Kennett Pike, Wilmington, Delaware, 19807, 
 United States of America 
 Attn Michael Treisman, Officer of General Partner 
 E-m ail MTreisman BainCapital.com 
 18.1.6 in the case of the MBKP Warrantholder, to the postal address or email address of the MBKP Warrantholder at 
 Royale SS II Ltd. 
 Address 12th Fl., Tokyu Capitol Tower, 2-10-3, Nagatacho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan 100-0014 Attention Tamon Nonaka, Director E-mail tamon.nonaka mbkpartnerslp.com 
 18.1.7 in the case of Warrantholders or Exercise Shareholders (other than the Original Warrantholder and the MBKP Warrantholder) or any other Non-MGE Shareholder, to the postal address, facsimile number or email address of such Person shown in the Deed of Adherence entered into by the relevant Person, 
 and will be deemed to have been delivered in accordance with Clause 18.2. Any of the parties may, by written notice to the other parties, change the address to which such notices, demands, or other communications should be sent to it. 
 18.2 Deemed Service 
 Any notice or other communication sent and addressed in accordance with Clause 18.1 will be deemed to have been received 
 18.2.1 if personally delivered or sent by courier, at the time of delivery 
 18.2.2 if sent by email, at the time the email is sent as per the sent items folder of the email account from which the email was sent (provided that the sender does not receive an automated message indicating that the message has not been delivered to the recipient) or 
 74 

18.2.3 if sent by fax at the time that a transmission report is generated by the sender s fax machine confirming that all pages were successfully transmitted to the number set out above, 
 save that if such notice would be deemed to be received 
 (a) on a day that is not a Business Day or 
 (b) after 5 00pm on any Business Day in the location of the recipient, 
 such notice or communication will be deemed to have been received at 9 00am on the next following Business Day in the location of the recipient. 
 19. GOVERNING LAW 
 This Agreement and all matters (including, without limitation, any contractual or non-contractual obligation) arising from or connected with it are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of England and Wales. 
 20. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 20.1 The parties agree that 
 20.1.1 Subject to Clauses 5.3 and 12, any dispute, controversy, difference or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination thereof or any dispute regarding non-contractual obligations arising out of or relating to it (a Dispute shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce then in effect (the Rules ). 
 20.1.2 The seat of the arbitration shall be Hong Kong, and the arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in English. 
 20.1.3 The arbitral tribunal shall consist of three arbitrators, with one (1) arbitrator being nominated by the claimant(s), one (1) arbitrator being nominated by the respondent(s), and the third arbitrator (who will serve as the chairman of the arbitral tribunal) being nominated by the first two arbitrators (or, if any such arbitrators are not nominated within the time limits specified by the Rules, then such arbitrator(s) shall be appointed promptly by the International Chamber of Commerce). 
 20.1.4 The arbitral award shall be non-appealable, final and binding upon all parties to the arbitration proceedings. Judgment on the award rendered may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Clause 20, a party may commence any action, suit or proceeding in such a court for the purpose of enforcing such award. 
 21. APPOINTMENT OF LEAD HOLDER 
 Each Warrantholder and Exercise Shareholder hereby irrevocably appoints the Lead Holder as the sole and exclusive agent and proxy for such Warrantholder and or Exercise Shareholder for all purposes of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, with full and exclusive power and authority to act on such Warrantholder s and or Exercise Shareholder s behalf in exercising the applicable rights of the Warrantholders and Exercise Shareholders as specifically set forth in this Agreement. 
 75 

76 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement. 
 
 The Company 
 MGE KOREA HOLDING III LIMITED 
 By s Claire De La Haye 
 Name Claire De La Haye Title Director 

77 

MGE Shareholder 
 MGE KOREA HOLDING II LIMITED 
 By s Claire De La Haye 
 Name Claire De La Haye Title Director 
 
 78 

Mezzanine Borrower 
 MGE KOREA LIMITED 
 By s Scott Wells 
 Name Scott Wells Title Director 
 
 79 

Inspire 
 INSPIRE INTEGRATED RESORT CO., LTD. 
 By s Andrew Billany 
 Name Andrew Billany Title Representative Director 

80 

Original Warrantholder 
 BCC INSPIRE AGGREGATOR, L.P. 
 By Bain Capital Credit Member, LLC, its general partner, 
 By s Michael Treisman 
 Name Michael Treisman Title General Counsel 
 
 81 

MBKP Warrantholder 
 ROYALE SS II LTD. 
 
 By s Tamon Nonaka 
 Name Tamon Nonaka Title Director 

82 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 a2021930ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Raymond Pineault, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date December 16, 2021 s RAYMOND PINEAULT Raymond Pineault Chief Executive Officer, Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 a2021930ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Carol K. Anderson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date December 16, 2021 s CAROL K. ANDERSON Carol K. Anderson Chief Financial Officer, Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 a2021930ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Written Statement of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 The undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, hereby certifies that, to his knowledge, on the date hereof 
 (a) this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (b) information contained in this report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority. 
 s RAYMOND PINEAULT Raymond Pineault Chief Executive Officer, Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority December 16, 2021 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority and will be retained by the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 a2021930ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Written Statement of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, hereby certifies that, to her knowledge, on the date hereof 
 (a) this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (b) information contained in this report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority. 
 
 s CAROL K. ANDERSON Carol K. Anderson Chief Financial Officer, Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority December 16, 2021 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority and will be retained by the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 mtga-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 mtga-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 mtga-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 mtga-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 mtga-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-10.19>
 18
 exhibit1019.pdf
 EX-10.19

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 19
 exhibit1020.pdf
 EX-10.20

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 20
 exhibit1021.pdf
 EX-10.21

</EX-10.21>

