<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211112_10-K_edgar_data_1102934_0001102934-21-000052.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13606755</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>329758</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2247627</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4634184</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3315685</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2844114</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001102934-21-000052.hdr.sgml : 20211112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211112124457
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001102934-21-000052
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		134
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CMC Materials, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001102934
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				364324765
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30205
		FILM NUMBER:		211402029

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		870 NORTH COMMONS DRIVE
		CITY:			AURORA
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60504
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6303755461

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		870 N COMMONS DR
		CITY:			AURORA
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60504

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001102934-21-000052.txt : 20211112

10-K
 1
 ccmp-20210930.htm
 10-K

ccmp-20210930 
 
 INDEX 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2021 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Zip Code) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

INDEX 

 The aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock held beneficially or of record by stockholders who are not affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price of the Common Stock on March 31, 2021, as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market, was approximately . For the purposes hereof, affiliates include all executive officers and directors of the registrant. 
 As of October 31, 2021, the Company had shares of Common Stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

INDEX 

 CMC MATERIALS, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 PART I. 
 Page Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 21 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 22 
 PART II. 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 31 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 70 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 70 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 71 
 PART III. 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 72 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 72 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 72 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 73 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 73 
 PART IV. 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 74 
 Exhibit Index 
 74 
 Signatures 
 77 

INDEX 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This Act provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements to encourage companies to provide prospective information about themselves so long as they identify these statements as forward-looking and provide meaningful cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ from the projected results. All statements other than statements of historical fact we make in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking and address a variety of subjects including, for example, future sales and operating results; growth or contraction, and trends in the industries and markets in which CMC Materials, Inc. CMC , the Company , us , we , or our ), participates, such as the semiconductor, and oil and gas industries; the acquisition of, investment in, or collaboration with other entities, and the expected benefits and synergies of such transactions; divestment or disposition, or cessation of investment in certain of the Company s businesses; new product introductions; development of new products, technologies and markets; product performance; the financial conditions of the Company s customers; the competitive landscape that relates to the Company s business; the Company s supply chain; the targeted benefits of company cost reduction or optimization initiatives; natural disasters; various economic or political factors and international or national events, including related to global public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic Pandemic ), and the enactment of trade sanctions, tariffs, or other similar matters; the generation, protection and acquisition of intellectual property, and litigation related to such intellectual property or third party intellectual property; environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and related compliance and costs of compliance; the operation of facilities by the Company; the Company s management; foreign exchange fluctuation; the Company s current or future tax rate, including the effects of changes to tax laws in the jurisdictions in which the company operates; cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities; and, financing facilities and related debt, pay off or payment of principal and interest, and compliance with covenants and other terms, uses and investment of the Company's cash balance, including dividends and share repurchases, which may be suspended, terminated or modified at any time for any reason by the Company, based on a variety of factors. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about CMC s beliefs, plans and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on current expectations of CMC s management and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, CMC undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements made by it to reflect new information, subsequent events or circumstances. The section entitled Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K describes some, but not all, of the factors that could cause these differences. 

INDEX 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 OUR COMPANY 
 CMC Materials, Inc., which was incorporated in the state of Delaware in 1999, is a leading global supplier of consumable materials to semiconductor manufacturers and pipeline companies. We operate our business within two reportable segments: Electronic Materials and Performance Materials. 
 RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 Effective October 1, 2020, the Company changed its name from Cabot Microelectronics Corporation to CMC Materials, Inc. 
 On April 1, 2021 ITS Acquisition Date ), the Company completed the acquisition of 100 of International Test Solutions, LLC ITS ( ITS Acquisition ), which designs and produces high-performance consumables used to optimize critical semiconductor testing processes. This acquisition expands our product offering within the Electronic Materials business segment. The Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K include the financial results of ITS from the ITS Acquisition Date. See Note 4 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the ITS Acquisition. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, we made a strategic decision to exit the wood treatment business by approximately early calendar year 2022, and focus our strategy and future capital investments on our other businesses. Leading up to the planned closure of the Matamoros and Tuscaloosa facilities, we intend to continue to operate the existing facilities and serve our wood treatment customers. For additional information, refer to Note 10 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 ELECTRONIC MATERIALS SEGMENT 
 The Electronic Materials segment consists of our chemical mechanical planarization CMP slurries, CMP pads, electronic chemicals, and materials technologies businesses. These businesses supply consumable products used in integrated circuit IC device manufacturing and other aspects of the semiconductor and data storage industries. 
 IC devices, or chips , are components in a wide range of electronic systems for computing, communications, manufacturing and transportation. The multi-step manufacturing process for IC devices typically begins with a circular wafer of pure silicon, which then undergoes a process of alternating insulating and conducting layers until the desired wiring within the IC device is achieved. At the conclusion of the process, the wafer is cut into individual IC devices, which are then packaged to form individual chips. Consumers most frequently encounter IC devices in smart phones and tablets, desktop or laptop computers, automotive applications, gaming devices, and televisions. 
 CMP SLURRIES AND CMP PADS 
 The Company develops, produces, and sells CMP slurries for polishing a wide range of materials used in IC devices, including tungsten, dielectric materials, copper, tantalum (commonly referred to as barrier ), and aluminum, and for polishing bare silicon wafers, as well as disk substrates and magnetic heads used in hard disk drives. We also develop, manufacture, and sell CMP polishing pads, which are used in conjunction with slurries in the CMP process. Our CMP pads can be used on a variety of polishing tools and wafers, over a range of technology nodes and applications, including tungsten, copper, and dielectrics. 
 CMP slurries and pads CMP consumables are used to remove excess material that is deposited during the IC manufacturing process and to level and smooth the surfaces of the layers of IC devices via a combination of chemical reactions and mechanical abrasion, leaving minimal residue and defects on the surface, with only the material necessary for circuit integrity remaining. CMP enables IC device manufacturers to produce smaller, faster, and more complex IC with a greater density of transistors. CMP also helps reduce the number of defective or substandard IC devices, which increases the device yield. An effective CMP process is achieved through technical optimization of the CMP consumables in conjunction with an appropriately designed CMP process and generally requires slurries and pads to be qualified in its processes through an extensive series of tests and evaluations. While this qualification process varies depending on numerous factors, it can be costly and may take six months or longer to complete. IC device manufacturers usually assess quality, cost, time required, and impact on production when they consider implementing or switching to a new CMP slurry or pad. 
 3 

INDEX 

 ELECTRONIC CHEMICALS 
 In our electronic chemicals business, we offer semiconductor-grade wet chemicals with purities that extend to the parts-per-trillion (ppt) level. We produce and sell high-purity process chemicals through the formulation, purification, and blending of acids, solvents, and other wet chemicals primarily used to etch, clean, and dry silicon wafers during the production of semiconductors, photovoltaics (solar cells), and flat panel displays. 
 Our electronic chemicals products include sulfuric, phosphoric, nitric and hydrofluoric acids, ammonium hydroxide, hydrogen peroxide, isopropyl alcohol, other specialty organic solvents and various blends of chemicals. As the IC manufacturing process moves to more advanced technology nodes and the complexity of the process continues to increase, quality and purity of the materials become even more critical to the device yield. Increasing levels of purity and achieving lower levels of variation in our electronic chemicals business are required to enable next-generation IC technologies. Our advanced chemical purification technologies, including distillation, ion exchange, gas adsorption, and filtration, are designed to provide consistently low contaminant levels in a variety of high-purity process chemicals. We continue to work to develop industry-leading metrology and analytical methods to measure the purity levels achieved. 
 MATERIALS TECHNOLOGIES 
 In our materials technologies business, which comprises the ITS business, we develop and manufacture high-performance consumable products for cleaning advanced probe cards and test sockets at semiconductor manufacturing facilities. These engineered polymer solutions improve customer yields and throughput in wafer and package test operations at semiconductor device manufacturers, foundries, and outsourced semiconductor assembly and test (OSAT) facilities. We also design innovative polymer products for semiconductor fabs that improve front-end tool uptime and reduce operating costs. 
 STRATEGY 
 Technology and innovation are vital to our Electronic Materials business, and we devote significant resources to research and development. We believe our focused effort on advanced technologies with technology-leading customers enables us to provide more compelling new products as semiconductor devices continue to advance. We focus our research and development activity to deliver innovative consumable products for advanced applications for our technology-leading customers. We have strategically located our research and development and clean room facilities, manufacturing operations, and related quality, field application, technical and customer support teams close to our customers to be responsive to their needs, which we believe provides us with a competitive advantage. 
 We also focus on building close relationships with our customers. We collaborate with them to identify and deliver new and improved solutions, to integrate our products into their manufacturing processes, and to assist them with supply, warehouse and inventory management. 
 We believe another competitive advantage is product and supply chain quality. Our customers demand continuous improvement in our products, in terms of product performance, quality and consistency. In pursuit of this, we work to continuously improve and innovate with respect to our own products, and as part of that, we require our raw materials suppliers, who provide us with certain important elements of our CMP slurries, pads and electronic chemicals, to do the same. We believe our capabilities in supply chain management and quality systems differentiate us from our competitors, and that our worldwide CMP consumables manufacturing plants and global network of suppliers also provide supply chain flexibility as needed. In our electronic chemicals business, we are responsible for product performance, purity levels and analytical testing, and in our view, our ability to maintain high quality levels and superior supply chain process is a competitive advantage. 
 INDUSTRY TRENDS 
 SEMICONDUCTOR INDUSTRY 
 Demand within the semiconductor industry is driven by smart phones, tablets, personal computers PCs ), servers, and a wide range of other electronic applications, including high-performance computing and artificial intelligence. Over time, overall semiconductor industry demand has fluctuated as a result of numerous factors, including the changing mix of demand drivers, semiconductor fab utilization, pressure to reduce costs, and the pace of technology advancement. 
 Over the past decade there has been a significant shift in semiconductor industry demand from IC devices for PCs to hand-held consumer electronic devices. Future demand for advanced semiconductor devices is expected to be driven by applications such as high performance computing, virtual and augmented reality, artificial intelligence, and 5G, as well as increased demand for greater connectivity with remote work and learning requirements, wearables, peripherals, the internet of things, and increased semiconductor content in automobiles. While demand conditions may fluctuate, we continue to believe that semiconductor industry demand will grow over the long term based on increased usage of IC devices in existing applications as well as future applications. 
 4 

INDEX 

 Over the past several years, we have seen consolidation in the customer base within the semiconductor industry. Costs to achieve the required scale in manufacturing within the semiconductor industry continue to rise, along with the related costs of research and development, and larger manufacturers generally have greater access to the resources necessary to manage their businesses than do smaller participants. 
 As demand for more advanced and lower cost electronic devices grows, there is ongoing pressure on IC device manufacturers to reduce their costs. Manufacturers have historically reduced cost and simultaneously improved device performance by migrating to smaller technology nodes. To achieve performance and cost improvements, semiconductor manufacturers are placing greater emphasis on new device architectures, including 3D memory and FinFET. Many manufacturers reduce costs by pursuing ever-increasing scale in their operations, while seeking to reduce their production costs by increasing their production yields regardless of their scale. However, as the industry continues to shrink dimensions, leading edge technology node transitions are becoming more challenging due to technical and physical obstacles, and the pace of technology change has slowed. Thus, semiconductor manufacturers look for semiconductor materials products, such as CMP consumables and electronic chemicals, to help enable the achievement of technology progression with quality and performance attributes that can help them achieve their overall performance targets, cost structure, and to drive yield improvement. 
 DEMAND 
 Demand for our CMP consumables and electronic chemicals products reflects semiconductor industry demand patterns in terms of growth, cyclicality and seasonality, and varying demand for specific device types. Consistent with other participants in the semiconductor industry, we experienced increased demand from our customers in our fiscal 2021 from the prior year, as certain sectors such as cloud, PCs and servers continued to show strength, driven by the initial economic recovery from the Pandemic, particularly in the industrial and automotive sectors. Over the long term, we anticipate worldwide demand for CMP consumables and electronic chemicals used by IC device manufacturers to grow as a result of expected long-term growth in wafer starts, and the trend to more advanced technologies. With respect to CMP consumables, we believe there will continue to be an associated increase in the number of CMP polishing steps required to produce these advanced devices, and the introduction of new materials that are expected to require CMP. With respect to electronic chemicals, we believe there will be increasing demand as customers are transitioning to advanced technology nodes, which require an increasing number of processing steps used on each wafer and materials with higher purity levels. 
 COMPETITION 
 We compete in the semiconductor industry, which is characterized by technology advances, demanding requirements for product quality and consistency, and lower cost of ownership. We face competition from other suppliers of electronic materials. We believe we are the leading global supplier of CMP slurries, with a broad range of innovative solutions. Our CMP slurry competitors range from small companies that compete with a single product or in a single geographic region, to divisions of global companies with multiple lines of CMP products. With respect to CMP polishing pads, DuPont has held the leading position in this area for many years. Several other companies also participate in CMP consumables. 
 For our electronic chemicals business, there are various competitors with whom we compete in different regions, through both localized production and importation. These competitors include Avantor, BASF, Honeywell, Kanto Corporation and Technic, among others. We believe our business in Europe is comparable to other providers, and other than in Singapore, at present we do not participate materially in the business in Asia. 
 CUSTOMERS, SALES, AND MARKETING 
 Within the semiconductor industry, our customers are generally producers of logic or memory IC devices, or providers of IC foundry services. Some logic customers, and so-called fabless companies, outsource some or all the production of their devices to foundries, which provide contract manufacturing services, in order to avoid the high cost of process development, construction and operation of a fab, or to provide additional capacity when needed. 
 We market our products primarily through direct sales to our customers, although we use distributors in certain areas, such as in China. We believe this strategy of primarily direct sales provides us an additional means to collaborate closely with our customers and provides our customers with the most efficient means by which to procure our products. As part of our sales process, our logistics and sales personnel provide supply, warehouse and inventory management services for our customers. 
 For additional information on our customers, refer to Note 2 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND TECHNICAL 
 As technology advances and semiconductor materials and designs increase in complexity, these challenges require significant investments in research, development and technical support R D ), and we plan to continue to devote significant resources to R D, and balance our efforts between shorter and longer-term industry needs. 
 5 

INDEX 

 Our global R D team includes experts from the semiconductor industry and scientists and engineers from key disciplines required for the development of high-performance CMP consumable products. We operate CMP-related R D facilities primarily in the U.S., with certain development capabilities in Taiwan and South Korea, as well as in Singapore for data storage products, and in Japan for silicon wafer products. We also operate electronic chemicals product development facilities in the U.S., Europe, and Singapore. In addition to R D, we have a global team focused on quality improvements and analytical developments. 
 RAW MATERIALS SUPPLY 
 Engineered abrasive particles are significant raw materials we use in many of our CMP slurries; we also use certain raw materials in producing our CMP pads. Our strategy is to secure various sources of different raw materials, as appropriate, to enable the desired performance of our products, and monitor those sources as necessary to provide supply assurance. We have multi-year supply agreements with several suppliers for the purchase of raw materials in the interest of supply and quality assurance, and to control costs. 
 In our electronic chemicals business, we rely on a variety of suppliers for our raw materials, some of which we purchase pursuant to purchase orders, and others which we purchase under supply contracts. The number of suppliers is often limited, particularly as to the specific grade of raw material required by us to supply high purity products to our customers. 
 PERFORMANCE MATERIALS SEGMENT 
 Our Performance Materials segment includes our pipeline and industrial materials PIM ), wood treatment, and QED Technologies International, Inc. QED businesses. We are a leading global provider of products, services, and solutions for optimizing pipeline throughput and maximizing performance and safety. Our PIM products include drag-reducing agents DRAs ), valve greases, cleaners and sealants, and related equipment supporting pipeline and adjacent industries. We also provide routine and emergency maintenance services as well as training for customers in the pipeline and adjacent industries worldwide. Through QED, our precision optics business, we serve the precision optics industry with capital equipment, consumables, and services. KMG-Bernuth operates the wood treatment business, which manufactures and sells wood treatment preservatives made from pentachlorophenol penta for utility poles and crossarms. 
 PIM PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 We are a leading global provider of performance products and services to pipeline companies. We supply DRAs, valve greases, cleaners and sealants, and related services and equipment, including routine and emergency valve maintenance services and training, to customers in the pipeline and adjacent industries. Our PIM products and services provide value-added specialty products that optimize pipeline efficiency, lower operating costs, and enhance safety. We operate facilities for the manufacture, formulation and distribution of our products in the U.S. and Canada. Our PIM products are sold under the brands Flowchem, Sealweld, and Val-Tex. 
 We provide polymer-based DRAs for crude oil transmission. We have several product offerings to meet specific customer needs depending on the physical properties of the oil being pumped and various geographic climate conditions. Our products provide benefit to our customers by reducing the pressure loss in a pipeline due to turbulent flow within it. This allows pipeline operators to maximize product flow while maintaining safe operating pressure and reducing energy consumption. 
 We develop, manufacture, and sell products used for maintaining and extending the operational lifespan of lubricated isolation valves. We also service valves inline and under pressure through our field services division and provide training to customers in the pipeline and adjacent industries globally. 
 WOOD TREATMENT 
 The wood treatment preservatives business supplies penta-based products to industrial customers in the U.S. and Canada who use this preservative to pressure treat utility poles and crossarms to extend their useful life by protecting against insect damage and decay. Penta products include solid blocks, which are manufactured by KMG-Bernuth at its facility in Matamoros, Mexico, and penta concentrate liquid that is processed from penta blocks at KMG-Bernuth s plant in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. We are the only manufacturer of penta-based preservatives in North America. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, we made a decision to exit the wood treatment business and focus our strategy and future capital investments on our other businesses. Our Matamoros, Mexico facility will continue to produce an intermediate product until it ceases operations by the end of December 2021. Our Tuscaloosa, Alabama plant will continue to process and sell to customers this intermediate product, into approximately the second quarter of fiscal year 2022. For additional information, refer to Note 10 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 6 

INDEX 

 QED 
 QED is a leading provider of deterministic finishing and advanced measurement technology to the precision optics industry. We design and produce precision polishing and metrology systems for advanced optics applications that allow customers to attain near-perfect shape and surface finish on a range of optical components such as mirrors, lenses and prisms. QED s products also include magneto-rheological polishing fluids, consumables, spare and replacement parts, as well as optical polishing services and other customer support services. We are applying our technical expertise in polishing techniques to applications in other industries where shaping, enabling, and enhancing the performance of surfaces is critical to success. We believe precision optics are pervasive, serving several large existing industries such as semiconductor equipment, aerospace, defense, biomedical, research and digital imaging. 
 STRATEGY 
 Our strategy for our Performance Materials segment includes expanding the PIM business, delivering high quality products to our customers, and driving demand for our products. 
 PIM PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 We focus on providing superior customer service to our customers while delivering consistent, high quality DRA products that meet their needs at a competitive price. We intend to continue to serve current customers as they bring new capacity online and to grow our business through attracting and serving new customers. In addition, we continue to develop other products focused on the pipeline transmission area for which we believe DRAs can serve currently unmet needs. 
 Additionally, we continue to work to drive demand for our products by promoting valve best practices to energy industry operators that align with current and trending global regulations and sustainable practices. Our primary focus is the promotion of our critical sealing products as an alternative to more costly mechanical solutions for achieving isolation in aged infrastructure. 
 QED 
 Our focus for QED is to provide innovative and industry-leading products and services to the precision optics industry. We continue to drive demand for our products to new and existing customers by developing new equipment and capabilities, pursuing emerging applications, and communicating the unique value offered by our products. 
 DEMAND 
 PIM PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 Demand for our PIM products and services is driven by new pipeline construction, increasing rate of adoption, oil and gas production capacity, and focus on safety for the aging infrastructure. Demand for our PIM products has been negatively impacted by the Pandemic and the related extreme global reduction in and restrictions related to plane, automotive, and industrial activity. Although improving, the impact of the Pandemic on the oil and gas industry resulted in an impairment charge in our PIM business unit in our second fiscal quarter of fiscal 2021. However, as the industry recovers, we expect to drive growth in our PIM business. 
 QED 
 Demand for products produced by QED is typically driven by the trends in the underlying industries that utilize precision optics, such as semiconductor equipment, aerospace, defense, research, biomedical, and digital imaging. Since our primary QED business is the sale of capital equipment, our results are typically affected by levels of capital spending in these industries. Historically, capital spending is cyclical, and is impacted by general macroeconomic conditions, government spending and policies, as well as industry-specific trends and dynamics. 
 COMPETITION 
 In our PIM business, LiquidPower Specialty Products Inc. holds a leading position in DRAs, with Baker Hughes as another primary provider. There are also other smaller participants in the sector. For our additional PIM products and services, however, participants include numerous other businesses with none appearing to hold a leadership position. 
 In QED, there are few direct competitors but we believe our technology is unique and provides a competitive advantage to customers in the precision optics industry, which still relies heavily on traditional artisanal methods of fabrication. 
 In our wood treatment business, we are the only manufacturer of penta-based wood treatment preservatives in North America. 
 7 

INDEX 

 CUSTOMERS, SALES, AND MARKETING 
 PIM PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 We provide DRAs to several major mid-stream pipeline transmission companies both domestically and internationally. We have a U.S.-based sales network, a U.S.-based transportation and logistics operations, and a global network of distributors and agents to manage the sales and delivery of our products. For our additional PIM products and services, we market and sell to pipeline and adjacent industry customers, such as service companies, and major utility distribution companies via direct sales and channel partners. 
 WOOD TREATMENT 
 We are the only manufacturer of penta-based wood treatment preservatives for utility poles and crossarms in North America and only supply penta to customers in the U.S. and Canada. We do not have other products or business in this area. 
 QED 
 QED supports customers in the semiconductor equipment, aerospace, defense, research, biomedical, and digital imaging industries. QED counts among its worldwide customers leading precision optics manufacturers, major semiconductor original equipment manufacturers, research institutions, and contractors to the U.S. and other governments. 
 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND TECHNICAL 
 For our PIM products, we focus our U.S.-based research and development activities on both improving existing product performance as well as developing new products and technologies to serve our customers needs. 
 For QED, R D activities are primarily focused on the development of new polishing and metrology capabilities, as well as additional capabilities for our polishing services group. 
 RAW MATERIALS SUPPLY 
 For both our PIM products and our wood treatment products, we depend on outside suppliers for the raw materials needed to produce them and are subject to fluctuations in the price of those materials, which we purchase from a limited number of suppliers. Most of QED s business is capital equipment-based, thus, there are minimal raw material supply issues that we face within this business unit. 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 We believe our intellectual property is important to our success and ability to compete, and in addition to it, we also differentiate our products and technology by their high quality and reliability, and our quality systems, global supply chain and logistics. As of October 31, 2021, we had approximately 1,440 active worldwide patents, of which approximately 280 are U.S. patents, and approximately 350 pending worldwide patent applications, of which approximately 50 are in the U.S. 
 Many of these patents are important to our continued development of new and innovative products for CMP and related processes, as well as for new businesses. Our patents have a range of duration. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, use of certain manufacturing technologies, exclusive contractual arrangements with suppliers, and with employee and third party-nondisclosure and assignment agreements. We refresh our intellectual property on an ongoing basis through continued innovation. We vigorously protect and defend our intellectual property and have been successful in this regard. 
 Most of our intellectual property has been developed internally, but we also may acquire intellectual property from others to enhance our intellectual property portfolio. These enhancements may be via licenses or assignments, or we may acquire certain proprietary technology and intellectual property when we make acquisitions. We believe these technology rights can enhance our competitive advantage by providing us with future product development opportunities and expanding our intellectual property portfolio. 
 8 

INDEX 

 ENVIRONMENTAL, SAFETY AND HEALTH AND OTHER REGULATORY MATTERS 
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SAFETY AND HEALTH MATTERS 
 Our facilities and operations are subject to various environmental, safety, and human health laws and regulations, both at a federal and state or local level, including those relating to air emissions, wastewater discharges, chemical manufacture and distribution, the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes, storage and disposal, and various other occupational safety and health matters. Governmental authorities can enforce compliance with their regulations, and violators may be subject to civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, injunctions, or both. We believe that our facilities are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Our major operations in the U.S., France, Italy, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, and the United Kingdom are certified under current ISO 14001 Environmental and ISO 45001 Safety and Health standards, which require that we implement and operate according to various procedures that demonstrate waste reduction, energy conservation, injury reduction and other environmental, health and safety objectives. We continue to pursue certification of certain additional facilities under the ISO 45001 standards. For our ongoing businesses we have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in complying with environmental, safety and health laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries in which we do business, but we do not expect these costs will be material. For additional information, refer to Item 1A Risk Factors , Item 3 Legal Proceedings , and Note 19 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 EMPLOYMENT AND LABOR RELATIONS MATTERS 
 We are subject to numerous foreign, federal, state and local government laws and regulations governing our relationships with our employees, including those relating to minimum wage, overtime, working conditions, hiring and firing, non-discrimination, work permits and employee benefits. We believe that our operations are in substantial compliance with such laws and regulations. We have not experienced any significant work stoppages or disruptions to our business relating to employee matters. We believe that our relationship with our employees is good. For additional information, refer to Item 1A Risk Factors and Item 1, Business, Environmental, Safety and Health and Other Regulatory Matters -- Employees and Talent (Human Capital) Management. 
 IMPORT AND EXPORT CONTROL AND RELATED MATTERS 
 We manufacture, market and sell our products both inside and outside the U.S. Certain products are subject to the Export Administration Regulations, administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security, which require that we obtain an export license before we can export certain controlled products or technology to specified countries. Additionally, some of our QED products are subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, which restrict the export of information and material that may be used for military or intelligence applications by a foreign person. We also are subject to the import regulations administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and to the regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control, implementing economic sanctions against designated countries, governments, and persons based on U.S. foreign policy and national security considerations. 
 Similar controls exist in other countries and regions. Failure to comply with these laws could result in sanctions by the U.S. or other respective government, including substantial monetary penalties, denial of import or export or other privileges and debarment from government contracts. We maintain an import and export compliance program under which we screen import and export and other transactions against current lists of restricted imports or exports or other transactions, destinations and end users with the objective of managing related decisions, transactions and shipping and banking logistics to comply with these requirements. 
 EMPLOYEES AND TALENT (HUMAN CAPITAL) MANAGEMENT 
 We believe our employees are the foundation of our success. Our overall talent acquisition and retention strategy is designed to attract and retain diverse and qualified candidates to meet our performance goals on an ongoing basis and enable the success of the Company. 
 We are focused on employee safety and health and a shared culture of results, caring, candor, and learning, which are foundations of our Company s values, and are expressed in our Code of Business Conduct, to which all employees certify, and related policies and procedures in the countries in which we do business. With respect to employee health and safety measures, we focus on ongoing education with respect to environmental, health and safety EHS matters, and injury prevention and reduction across all our operations. We track injury rates on an ongoing basis and compare them to the average injury rates for chemical manufacturers as well as to semiconductor industry manufacturers; we believe we have been below each of these industry averages for the past five years. 
 9 

INDEX 

 In fiscal 2020 we urgently focused our EHS efforts around the world, including education and enhanced health and safety protocols, on employee well-being and prevention of the spread of the Pandemic at our facilities and in our communities. Through fiscal 2021, we have continued to focus on health and safety in our response to the Pandemic, including encouragement and support of vaccinations for our employees, social distancing protocols, work-from-home flexibility, and restrictions on non-essential travel. We expect to continue to adhere to these measures until the Pandemic is adequately contained, and we may take further actions as government authorities require or recommend or as we determine to be in the best interests of our employees and the business overall. For additional information, refer to Item 1A Risk Factors. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we employed approximately 2,200 individuals, including approximately 1,500 in operations, approximately 300 in research and development and technical, and approximately 400 in sales, general and administration. Approximately 1,200 of these individuals located in the U.S. and approximately 1,000 of these individuals located outside of the U.S., with approximately 700 in Asia Pacific, approximately 200 in Europe and approximately 100 in Canada and Mexico. 
 We believe that attracting and maintaining diverse talent in our workforce is an important driver of company performance. We are committed in our efforts to increase diversity and foster an inclusive work environment that welcomes and values the unique backgrounds, cultures, ethnicities, genders, experiences, and perspectives of our employees globally. Of our Executive Officers, 50 identify as female and 50 identify as male. 
 To support our employees in advancing their careers, we offer a wide range of formal and informal training opportunities. We have a performance management framework that includes goal setting, feedback and coaching, performance reviews, and professional development. 
 In general, our employees are not covered by collective bargaining agreements, but we do have some workers who are subject to such agreements, or part of workers councils, or similar arrangements, primarily in Europe, Mexico, and Singapore. We provide various employee benefits to our employees around the world. Some examples of this are: an employee stock purchase plan, a parental leave program, and a paid time off program to global employees; statutory health care and pension benefits to our employees outside the U.S.; and, a health and welfare benefits plan and a defined contribution savings plan to U.S. employees. See Note 17 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT GEOGRAPHIC AREAS 
 For financial information about geographic areas, see Note 22 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, definitive proxy statements on Schedule 14A, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as well as any other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), are made available free of charge on our Company website, www.cmcmaterials.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed or furnished with the SEC. Our Code of Business Conduct and certain other governance documents are also available on our website, www.cmcmaterials.com. Statements regarding beneficial ownership of our securities by our executive officers and directors are made available on our Company website following the filing of such with the SEC. In addition, the SEC s website (http://www.sec.gov) contains reports, proxy statements, and other information that we file electronically with the SEC. 
 10 

INDEX 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS, STRATEGY AND OPERATIONS 
 OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY CONTINUE TO BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY THE ONGOING CORONAVIRUS (COVID-19) PANDEMIC AND RELATED ADVERSE IMPACT TO WORLDWIDE ECONOMIC AND INDUSTRY CONDITIONS 
 The global impact of the Pandemic created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption across the world and in the countries and locations in which we and our customers and suppliers operate, which continues in varying degrees and locations, especially in places experiencing low vaccination rates and/or the spread of variants of the COVID-19 virus . Overall, our Electronic Materials segment has remained generally stable throughout the Pandemic, and has showed strengthening through fiscal year 2020 and 2021, with increased demand conditions in fiscal 2021 from the prior year in each of our Electronic Materials businesses, despite the ongoing nature of the Pandemic. With respect to our Performance Materials segment, the Pandemic has had a significant adverse impact on our Performance Materials PIM business, which first appeared during the second half of our fiscal year 2020 and has continued through fiscal year 2021, as the demand for drag reducing agents DRAs declined significantly due to the ongoing dislocation in the energy sector caused by the Pandemic. Although this business showed some improvement in demand conditions at different times during fiscal 2021, recovery has been lower than anticipated, and as described in Note 9 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, certain factors related to it continue to adversely affect the PIM reporting unit. The extent to which the ongoing Pandemic may further impact our business, operations, results of operations and financial condition is uncertain and difficult to estimate, and depends on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, which may include: An additional decrease in short-term and long-term demand and pricing for our products and services, and an ongoing adverse global economic environment with respect to inflationary pressures and supply chain dislocations that could further reduce demand and/or pricing for our products and services; Disruptions to our supply chain in connection with the sourcing of or pricing for materials, equipment and logistics or other services and support necessary to our business as a longer term result of the Pandemic and efforts to contain the spread of the Pandemic; Adverse impacts on our business and those of our customers resulting from renewed actions taken by governments, businesses, or the general public in an effort to limit exposure to and spread of such infectious diseases, such as renewed travel restrictions, quarantines, and business shutdowns or slowdowns; Negative impacts to our operations, including reductions in production levels, research and development R D activities, and qualification activities with our customers, and increased costs resulting from our efforts to mitigate the impact of the Pandemic through additional or continued social-distancing measures we have enacted at our locations around the world in an effort to protect our employees health and well-being (including working from home, reducing the number of employees or others in our sites at any one time and how such individuals perform work while at our sites, redesigning or adjusting our manufacturing, R D and office facilities, and suspending or limiting employee travel); and, deterioration of worldwide credit and financial markets that could limit our ability to obtain external financing to fund our operations and capital expenditures, result in losses on our holdings of cash and investments due to failures of financial institutions and other parties, and result in losses on our accounts receivables due to credit defaults or our customers inability to pay. Although the rollout of vaccination programs in the U.S., Europe, parts of Asia and other places in which we operate is encouraging with respect to the containment and abatement of the Pandemic, limited availability of vaccines in certain places and/or low vaccination rates, contributes to ongoing uncertainty with respect to the Pandemic s impact on our business and operations, and the resumption of what was previously considered normal business operations after such interruption also remains uncertain, and may be further delayed or constrained by lingering effects of the Pandemic on our Company and our customers, suppliers, and third-party service providers. These effects, alone or taken together, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, legal exposure, or financial condition; an example of such effect is the impairment charge related to our PIM business described in Note 9 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. A further sustained or prolonged outbreak or return of the Pandemic in the places in which we do business, such as that seen in the spread of variants of the COVID-19 virus through our fiscal 2021, could exacerbate the adverse impact of such measures on our Company. 
 11 

INDEX 

 DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS FLUCTUATES AND OUR BUSINESS MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY WORLDWIDE ECONOMIC, INDUSTRY AND OTHER CONDITIONS 
 Our business is affected by economic and industry conditions, such as those still being adversely affected by the Pandemic, and the majority of our revenue derives from our Electronic Materials segment, which is primarily dependent upon semiconductor industry demand. With respect to our Electronic Materials segment, historically, semiconductor industry demand has fluctuated due to economic and industry cycles and seasonal shifts in demand, which can affect our business, causing demand for our electronic materials products to fluctuate. For example, prior to the Pandemic, the relatively soft demand conditions in the semiconductor industry that had commenced in our second fiscal quarter of 2019 and continued into our first fiscal quarter of 2020 had begun to ameliorate in the beginning of the second fiscal quarter of 2020. While our Electronic Materials segment experienced relatively stable conditions during the second half of fiscal 2020 and showed strengthening through fiscal 2021, uncertainty remains as to our fiscal 2022 demand conditions for the semiconductor industry given the ongoing nature of the Pandemic and related macroeconomic challenges, including inflationary pressures, supply chain and logistics challenges, as well as related including supply constraints at our customers serving certain areas, such as the automotive and industrial sectors. Furthermore, competitive dynamics within the semiconductor industry may impact our business. Our limited visibility to future customer orders makes it difficult for us to predict industry trends, especially during unusual adverse circumstances, such as the Pandemic and related macroeconomic factors. If the global economy or the semiconductor industry does not continue to improve or weakens again, whether in general or as a result of the Pandemic or other specific factors, such as macroeconomic factors, or unpredictable events such as natural disasters, geopolitical conditions and international trade tensions, civil unrest, geopolitical factors, or additional global health crises, we could experience material adverse impacts on our results of operations and financial condition. Some additional factors that may affect demand for our electronic materials products include: demand trends for different types of electronic devices such as logic versus memory integrated circuit IC devices, or digital versus analog IC devices; the various technology nodes at which those products are manufactured; customers' efficiencies in the use of CMP consumables and/or high-purity process chemicals electronic chemicals customers device architectures and specific manufacturing processes; the short order to delivery time for our products; quarter-to-quarter changes in customer order patterns; market share and competitive gains and losses; and pricing changes by us and our competitors. 
 As to our Performance Materials segment our PIM business may continue to be impacted by changes in the oil and gas industries, such as we have seen since the second half of our fiscal 2020 and through our fiscal 2021 resulting from ongoing significant dislocation in these industries caused by the Pandemic and supply chain related challenges. Expectations about future prices and price volatility in the sector, which affect our customers activity levels, are important in determining future spending levels for customers of our PIM products and services. The ongoing volatility in worldwide oil and natural gas prices and markets are an example of historical volatility in this sector, and such volatility is likely to continue in the future. As is currently the case, prices for oil and natural gas are subject to wide fluctuations in response to relatively minor or major changes in the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to, decreases or increases in supplies from U.S. shale production or other oil production, geopolitical conditions, including civil unrest and international trade tensions, sovereign debt crises, the domestic and foreign supply of oil and natural gas, the level of consumer demand due to economic growth or contraction such as seen related to the Pandemic, and related factors in countries such as China, weather conditions, domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes, the price and availability of alternative fuels, the health of international economic and credit markets, the ability of the members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other state-controlled oil companies to agree upon and maintain oil price and production controls, and general economic conditions, such as those currently seen arising from the Pandemic. 
 Further, adverse global economic, industry and other conditions such as those arising from the Pandemic could have other negative effects on our Company. For instance, we could experience negative impacts on cash flows due to the inability of our customers to pay their obligations to us, or our production processes could be harmed if our suppliers significantly raise their prices, or cannot fulfill their obligations, to us. As a result of these or other conditions, and as experienced in our second fiscal quarter with the impairment charge we took in our PIM business unit, further described in Note 9 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we also might have to further reduce the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets, which could harm our financial position and results of operations. 
 12 

INDEX 

 WE MAY PURSUE ACQUISITIONS OF, INVESTMENTS IN, AND MERGERS OR STRATEGIC ALLIANCES WITH OTHER ENTITIES, WHICH COULD DISRUPT OUR OPERATIONS AND HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS IF THEY ARE UNSUCCESSFUL, OR WE MAY ENCOUNTER UNANTICIPATED ISSUES IN IMPLEMENTING THEM 
 We expect to continue to make investments in technologies, assets and companies, either through acquisitions, mergers, investments or alliances, in order to supplement our organic growth and development efforts. Acquisitions, mergers, and investments, including the acquisition of KMG, which we completed in November 2018, and the ITS Acquisition, which we completed in April 2021, involve numerous risks, including the following: difficulties and risks in integrating the operations, technologies, digital and physical security, compliance programs, products and personnel of acquired companies; difficulties and risks from unanticipated issues arising subsequent to a transaction related to the other entity; potential disruption of relationships with third parties such as customers or suppliers; diversion of management's attention from normal daily operations of the business; increased risk associated with foreign operations including exposure to new rules, regulations, customs and workforce expectations; potential difficulties and risks in entering markets or industries in which we have limited or no direct prior experience and/or where competitors have stronger positions; potential difficulties and unexpected situations arising in operating new businesses with different business models, facilities and operations; potential difficulties with regulatory or contract compliance in areas in which we have limited or no experience; initial dependence on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners; insufficient revenue to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions; potential loss of key employees of the acquired companies; or inability to effectively cooperate and collaborate with our alliance partners. 
 Further, we may never realize the perceived or anticipated benefits of a business combination or merger with, or asset or other acquisition of, or investments in, other entities. Transactions such as the acquisitions of KMG and ITS could and in some cases have had negative effects on our results of operations, in areas such as contingent liabilities, gross margins, amortization charges related to intangible assets and other effects of accounting for the purchases of other business entities. Investments in and acquisitions of technology-related or early-stage companies or assets are inherently risky because these businesses or assets may never develop, and we may incur losses related to these investments. 
 In addition, we may be required to impair the carrying value of these acquisitions or investments to reflect other than temporary declines in their value. The carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date. The carrying value of other intangible assets represents the fair value of customer relationships, trade names and other acquired intangible assets as of the acquisition date. Goodwill and other acquired intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated for impairment by management at least annually. If the carrying value exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill, the goodwill is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. If the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is greater than its fair value, the intangible asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. If the value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets is impaired, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Examples of asset impairment charges we recently incurred include the charge we took in the second quarter of fiscal 2021 related to the PIM business unit and the charge we took in each the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, and the each of our four quarters of fiscal 2021 related to the KMG wood treatment business due to our decision in fiscal 2019 to exit this business. We expect that the carrying value of the wood treatment reporting unit will not be recoverable, resulting in future impairments of goodwill. The amount of such impairments could be material and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. See Notes 9 and 10 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion. 
 Furthermore, the integration of the acquired businesses into our operations is a complex and time-consuming process that may not be successful. Our Company has a limited history of integrating significant acquisitions, and the process of integration may produce unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. As demonstrated in the acquisitions of KMG and ITS, the primary areas of focus for successfully combining those businesses with our operations may include and have included, among others: retaining and integrating key employees; realizing synergies; aligning customer and supplier interfaces, and operations across the combined business; integrating enterprise resource planning and other information technology systems; and, managing the growth of the combined company. Even if we successfully integrate an acquired business into our operations, there can be no assurance that we will realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisition. 
 13 

INDEX 

 WE HAVE A CONCENTRATED PRODUCT RANGE WITHIN EACH OF OUR SEGMENTS AND OUR PRODUCTS MAY BECOME OBSOLETE, OR TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGES MAY REDUCE OR LIMIT INCREASES IN THE CONSUMPTION OF OUR PRODUCTS 
 Although our product offerings have expanded over the past several years, including as a result of the acquisitions of KMG and ITS, our business remains substantially dependent on products in our Electronic Materials segment, such as CMP slurries, pads and electronic chemicals, and materials technologies, which account for the majority of our revenue. The product offerings in our Performance Materials segment are similarly concentrated. As such, our business would suffer if these products became obsolete or if consumption of these products decreased. Our success depends on our ability to keep pace with technological changes and advances in the industries in which we operate, particularly the semiconductor industry, to adapt, improve and customize our products in response to evolving customer needs and industry trends, and to differentiate our products from those of our competitors. Since its inception, the semiconductor industry, which is the largest industry in which we operate, has experienced technological changes and advances in the design, manufacture, performance and application of IC devices. Our customers continually pursue lower cost of ownership and higher quality and performance of materials consumed in their manufacturing processes, including products in our Electronic Materials business segment, as a means to reduce costs, increase the yield in their manufacturing facilities, and achieve desired performance of the IC devices they produce. We expect these technological changes, and this drive toward lower costs, higher quality and performance and higher yields, will continue in the future. Potential technology developments in the semiconductor industry, as well as our customers' efforts to reduce consumption of CMP consumables, including through use of smaller quantities, could render our products less important to the IC device manufacturing process. 
 A SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT OF OUR BUSINESS COMES FROM A LIMITED NUMBER OF LARGE CUSTOMERS AND OUR REVENUE AND PROFITS COULD DECREASE SIGNIFICANTLY IF WE LOST ONE OR MORE OF THESE CUSTOMERS OR BUSINESS FROM THEM 
 Our customer base is concentrated among a limited number of large customers in each of our segments. Currently, our principal business supplies electronic materials primarily to the semiconductor industry. The semiconductor industry has been consolidating as the larger semiconductor manufacturers have generally grown faster than the smaller ones, through business gains, mergers and acquisitions, and strategic alliances. Industry analysts predict that this trend will continue, which means the semiconductor industry will continue to be comprised of fewer and larger participants in the future if their prediction is correct. In addition, our customer base in our PIM business is also somewhat concentrated, with large entities predominant, and outside of the U.S., these entities frequently are state-owned or sponsored, and limited in number per country. One or more of these principal customers could stop buying products from us or could substantially reduce the quantity of products purchased from us. Our principal customers in both our segments also hold considerable purchasing power, which can impact the pricing and terms of sale of our products. Any deferral or significant reduction in the quantity or price of products sold to these principal customers, an inability to raise prices to address cost pressures or otherwise, or a weakening of the financial condition of or failure to perform contractual obligations by one of these principal customers, could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 ANY PROBLEM OR DISRUPTION IN OUR SUPPLY CHAIN, INCLUDING SUPPLY OF OUR MOST IMPORTANT RAW MATERIALS, OR IN OUR ABILITY TO MANUFACTURE OR DELIVER OUR PRODUCTS TO OUR CUSTOMERS, COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 We depend on our supply chain to enable us to meet the demands of our customers. Our supply chain includes the raw materials we use to manufacture our products, our production operations and the means by which we deliver our products to our customers. Our business could be adversely affected by any problem or interruption in the supply of the key raw materials we use in our products, including raw materials that do not meet the stringent quality and consistency requirements of our customers, any problem or interruption that may occur during production or delivery of our products, such as weather-related problems, natural disasters, logistics challenges, global public health crises such as the ongoing Pandemic, geopolitical, trade or labor-related issues, civil unrest, or any difficulty in producing sufficient quantities of our products to meet growing demand from our customers. In particular, natural disasters and severe weather conditions have the potential to adversely affect our operations, damage facilities and increase our costs, and those conditions may also have an indirect effect on our operations by disrupting services provided by service companies or suppliers with whom we have a business relationship. Additionally, some of our full-time employees are represented by labor unions, works councils or comparable organizations, particularly in Mexico and Europe. An extended work stoppage, slowdown or other action by our employees could significantly disrupt our business. As our current agreements with labor unions and works councils expire, we cannot provide assurance that new agreements will be reached at the end of each period without union action, or that a new agreement will be reached on terms satisfactory to us. Future labor contracts may be on terms that result in higher labor costs to us, which also could adversely affect our results of operations. As experienced in the second half of our fiscal 2021 and ongoing, our supply chain may also be negatively impacted by unanticipated price increases due to factors such as inflation or to supply restrictions beyond the control of our Company or our raw materials suppliers, such as those related to or arising from the Pandemic. 
 14 

INDEX 

 We believe it would be difficult to promptly secure alternative sources of key raw materials in the event one of our suppliers becomes unable to supply us with sufficient quantities of raw materials that meet the quality and technical specifications required by us and our customers, or the costs of such raw materials increase in an untenable manner. Requalifying and/or transferring our sourcing to a new supplier would likely result in manufacturing delays and additional costs. In addition, new contract terms, forced production or manufacturing changes, contractual amendments to existing agreements with, or non-performance by, our suppliers, including any significant financial distress our suppliers may suffer, could adversely affect us. Also, if we change the supplier or type of key raw materials we use to make our products, in particular our electronic materials products, or are required to purchase them from a different manufacturer or manufacturing facility or otherwise modify our products, in certain circumstances our customers might have to requalify our products for their manufacturing processes and products. The requalification process could take a significant amount of time and expense to complete and could occupy technical resources of our customers that might otherwise be used to evaluate our new products, thus delaying potential revenue growth, or motivate our customers to consider purchasing products from our competitors, possibly interrupting or reducing our sales of products to these customers, especially sales of our electronic materials products to our semiconductor industry customers, but also with respect to our PIM products to our pipeline and adjacent industry customers. In addition, government authorities in the foreign countries in which we operate may require or incentivize the use of local suppliers that are our competitors, which could adversely impact our business, including our results of operations. 
 OUR BUSINESS COULD BE ADVERSELY IMPACTED IF WE ARE NOT SUCCESSFUL IN ACHIEVING TARGETED SAVINGS AND EFFICIENCIES FROM COST REDUCTION INITIATIVES 
 To mitigate cost challenges and improve our business and financial performance, we have initiated an enterprise-wide cost optimization program designed to reduce expenses and enhance operational efficiencies. These actions may include position eliminations, location rationalization, and reductions in outside services and discretionary spending, as well as other actions to reduce costs. We may not realize anticipated cost savings or other benefits from such initiatives, whether at all or according to timetables we have established. If we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits, our ability to fund other initiatives may be adversely affected, and failure to implement these initiatives in accordance with our plans could adversely affect our business. 
 OUR BUSINESS COULD BE SERIOUSLY HARMED IF OUR COMPETITORS DEVELOP COMPETITIVE PRODUCTS, OFFER BETTER PRICING, SERVICE OR OTHER TERMS, OR OBTAIN OR ASSERT CERTAIN INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
 Competition from other electronic materials or performance materials providers or any new entrants could seriously harm our business and results of operations, and this competition could continue to increase. Competition has and will likely continue to impact the prices we are able to charge for our products, as well as our overall business. In addition, our competitors could have, obtain or assert intellectual property rights that could affect or restrict our ability to market our existing products and/or to innovate and develop new products, thus increasing our costs of doing business, could attempt to introduce products similar to ours following the expiration of our patents, or could attempt to introduce products that do not fall within the scope of our intellectual property rights. 
 WE ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS 
 We currently have operations and a large customer base outside the U.S. Approximately 68 of our revenue was generated by sales to customers outside the U.S. for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. We may encounter risks in doing business in certain countries other than the U.S., including, but not limited to, adverse changes in economic and political conditions, both in foreign locations and in the U.S. with respect to non-U.S. operations of U.S. businesses like ours, geopolitical and/or trade tensions, global health crises such as the ongoing Pandemic, civil unrest, fluctuation in exchange rates, changes in international trade requirements and sanctions and/or tariffs that affect our business and that of our customers and suppliers, compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations and related audits and investigations, as well as difficulty in enforcing business and customer contracts and agreements, including protection of intellectual property rights. We also may encounter risks that we may not be able to repatriate additional earnings from our operations outside the U.S., derive anticipated tax benefits of these operations or recover the investments made in them, whether due to regulatory or policy changes in the U.S. or in the countries outside of the U.S. in which we do business, or other factors. 
 15 

INDEX 

 In particular, China continues to be an important market for the semiconductor industry, and an area of continued potential growth for us. As business between China and the rest of the world has continued to grow, there is risk that geopolitical, political, diplomatic and national security factors, changes in U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, the imposition of trade restrictions, tariffs and taxes, and global public health crises such as the Pandemic could adversely affect business for companies like ours. This is due in significant part to the complex relationships among China, the U.S., and other countries, especially those in the Asia Pacific region, such as Taiwan, which also is important to our company with respect ot our customers as well as our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, there are risks that the Chinese government may, among other things, require the use of local suppliers, compel companies that do business in China to partner with local companies to conduct business, or, provide incentives to government-backed local customers to buy from local suppliers rather than companies like ours, all of which could adversely impact our business, including our results of operations. Also, as seen in fiscal year 2020 and fiscal 2021, there are risks that the U.S. government may impose additional export restrictions on technology and products that companies that operate in the semiconductor industry supply to or use in China, which could adversely impact our business and our results of operations. 
 In addition, we have operations and customers located in the United Kingdom, which exited the European Union EU ). As the transitional provisions under which the United Kingdom and the EU had agreed to operate expired at the end of December 2020, and the parties are still in the process of implementing new trade agreements, the related impacts on our business remain unclear. 
 LEGAL, COMPLIANCE AND REGULATORY RISKS 
 WE ARE SUBJECT TO EXTENSIVE ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS AND MAY INCUR COSTS THAT HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AS A RESULT OF VIOLATIONS OF OR LIABILITIES UNDER THEM 
 Like other companies involved in environmentally sensitive businesses, our operations and properties are subject to extensive and stringent federal, state, local and foreign Environmental, Health and Safety EHS laws and regulations, including those concerning, among other things: 
 the marketing, sale, use and registration of our chemical products, such as penta, which is part of the wood treatment business in our Performance Materials segment; 
 the treatment, storage and disposal of wastes; 
 the investigation and remediation of contaminated media including but not limited to soil and groundwater; 
 the discharge of effluents into waterways; 
 the emission of substances into the air; and 
 other matters relating to environmental protection and various health and safety matters. 
 The United States EPA and other federal and state agencies in the U.S., as well as comparable agencies in other countries where we have facilities or sell our products, such as Canada or Mexico, have the authority to promulgate regulations that could have a material adverse impact on our operations. These EHS laws and regulations may require permits for certain types of operations, require the installation of expensive pollution control equipment, place restrictions upon operations or impose substantial liability for pollution and other EHS concerns resulting from our operations. Compliance with EHS laws and regulations has resulted in ongoing costs for us and could restrict our ability to modify or expand our facilities, continue production, require us to install costly emission control equipment, or incur significant other expenses, including environmental compliance costs. We continue to manage environmental compliance activities at certain sites, such as at KMG-Bernuth s Tuscaloosa, Alabama facility as described in Note 19 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant costs to comply with EHS laws or to address liabilities for contamination resulting from past or present operations. Federal, state and foreign governmental authorities may seek fines and penalties, as well as injunctive relief, for violation of EHS laws and regulations, and could, among other things, impose liability on us to cleanup or to respond to potential damages to the environment or natural resources resulting from a release of pesticides, hazardous materials or other chemicals into the environment. We maintain insurance coverage for sudden and accidental environmental pollution or damages. We do not believe that insurance coverage for environmental pollution or damage that occurs over time is available at a reasonable cost. Also, we do not believe that insurance coverage for the full potential liability that could be caused by sudden and accidental pollution incidents is available at a reasonable cost. Accordingly, we may be subject to an uninsured or under-insured loss in such cases; the KMG-Bernuth warehouse fire, as described in Note 19 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may be such an instance. 
 16 

INDEX 

 The distribution, sale and use of our products is subject to prior governmental approvals and thereafter ongoing governmental regulation: Our products are subject to laws administered by federal, state and foreign governments, including regulations requiring registration, approval and labeling. The labeling requirements restrict the use and type of application for our products. More stringent restrictions could make our products less desirable which would adversely affect our sales and profitability. All venues where our penta products are used also require registration prior to marketing or use. 
 Governmental regulatory authorities have required, and may require in the future, that certain scientific testing and data production be provided on our products. Under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act FIFRA ), the EPA requires registrants to submit a wide range of scientific data to support U.S. registrations. This requirement significantly increases our Operating expenses, and we expect those expenses will continue in the future while we operate the wood treatment business. Because scientific analyses are constantly improving, we cannot determine with certainty whether or not new or additional tests may be required by regulatory authorities. While good laboratory practice standards specify the minimum protocols and procedures that must be followed in order to ensure the quality and integrity of data related to these tests submitted to the EPA, there can be no assurance that the EPA will not request certain tests or studies be repeated. In addition, more stringent legislation or requirements may be imposed in the future and proposed amendments to the Toxic Substances Control Act could result in increased regulatory controls , additional testing of chemicals we manufacture and could increase the costs of compliance for our operations. We can provide no assurance that the cost of such compliance will not adversely affect our profitability. Our products could also be subject to other future regulatory action that may result in restricting or completely banning their use which could have an adverse effect on our performance and results of operations. 
 17 

INDEX 

 1. The Registration, Evaluation and Authorization of Chemicals REACH legislation may affect our ability to manufacture and sell certain products in the EU: REACH requires chemical manufacturers and importers in the EU to prove the safety of their products. We were required to pre-register certain products and file comprehensive reports, including testing data, on each chemical substance, and perform chemical safety assessments. Additionally, substances of high concern are subject to an authorization process. Authorization may result in restrictions on certain uses of products or even prohibitions on the manufacture or importation of products. The full registration requirements of REACH have been phased in over several years, and we have incurred additional expense to cause the registration of our products under these regulations. REACH may also affect our ability to import, manufacture and sell certain products in the EU. In addition, other countries and regions of the world already have or may adopt legislation similar to REACH that affect our business, affect our ability to import, manufacture or sell certain products in these jurisdictions, and have required or will require us to incur increased costs. 
 2. The classification of penta as a Persistent Organic Pollutant POP under the Stockholm Convention adversely affected our ability to manufacture or sell our penta products: The Conference of the Parties COP accepted the recommendation of the United Nations Persistent Organic Pollutant Review Committee that the use of penta should be banned except that its use for the treatment of utility poles and crossarms could continue for an extended period of five to ten years. KMG-Bernuth supplies penta to industrial customers who use it primarily to treat utility poles and crossarms. The U.S. is not bound by the determination of the COP because it did not ratify the Stockholm Convention treaty. Canada and Mexico are governed by the treaty. KMG-Bernuth s sole penta manufacturing facility is located in Matamoros, Mexico, and its processing facility is located in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. As a result of the classification of penta as a POP, the Mexican government requires KMG-Bernuth to cease producing penta in Mexico by the end of calendar year 2021. In July 2020, the Canadian government released a proposed order that sales and use of penta in Canada be ceased, but such proposed order is subject to a comment period and is not final, and no timing for any such order, if implemented, has been proposed. In March 2021, the EPA issued a preliminary interim registration review decision PID proposing the cancellation of penta registration and implementation of a five-year phase-out period for production and sell-through of penta stocks. We do not believe the PID or the Canadian government proposed order have a significant adverse effect on our business because in July 2019, KMG-Bernuth had communicated that we did not intend to continue the wood treatment business past approximately the end of calendar year 2021. We took a restructuring charge in our fourth fiscal quarter of 2019, and asset impairment charges in each of our fourth fiscal quarters of 2020 and 2019, as well as in each of our fiscal quarters of fiscal 2021, related to the decisions to close the Matamoros and Tuscaloosa facilities and to exit the wood treatment business, as described further in Note 19 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We expect to take additional impairment charges related to the wood treatment business as we approach the closure dates of the facilities. No assurance can be given that we will not incur significant expenditures in connection with closing the facilities, or that the ultimate action of the COP and our related decisions will not adversely impact on our financial condition and results of operation. 
 3. Our use of hazardous materials exposes us to potential liabilities: Our manufacturing and distribution of chemical products, such as our electronic chemicals, involves the controlled use of hazardous materials. Our operations, therefore, are subject to various associated risks, including chemical spills, discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases, fires, mechanical failure, storage facility leaks and similar events. Our suppliers are subject to similar risks that may adversely impact the availability of raw materials. While we adapt our manufacturing and distribution processes to the environmental control standards of regulatory authorities, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from hazardous or regulated materials, including injury of our employees, individuals who handle our products or goods treated with our products, or others who claim to have been exposed to our products, nor can we completely eliminate the unanticipated interruption or suspension of operations at our facilities due to such events. We may be held liable for significant damages or fines in the event of contamination or injury, and such assessed damages or fines could have an adverse effect on our financial performance and results of operations. 
 CURRENT OR FUTURE CLIMATE CHANGE REGULATIONS COULD RESULT IN INCREASED OPERATING COSTS AND REDUCED DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS 
 The U.S. has recently rejoined the Paris Climate Accord but to date, has not ratified the Kyoto Protocol. The Clean Air Act has been interpreted to regulate greenhouse gas GHG emissions and the EPA is using its existing regulatory authority to develop regulations requiring reduction in GHG emissions from various categories of sources, such as when a permit is required due to emissions of other pollutants. Because of the lack of any comprehensive legislation program addressing GHGs, a number of U.S. federal laws related to GHG emissions have been considered by the U.S. Congress from time to time and various state, local and regional regulations and initiatives have been enacted or are being considered related to GHGs. 
 18 

INDEX 

 Member States of the EU each have an overall cap on emissions, which are approved by the European Commission, and implement the EU Emissions Trading Directive as a commitment to the Kyoto Protocol. GHG emissions are regulated by Member States through the EU Emission Trading System and the EU Effort Sharing Decision/Regulation depending upon the industry sector. Organizations apply to the Member State for an allowance of GHG emissions. These allowances are tradable so as to enable companies that manage to reduce their GHG emissions to sell their excess allowances to companies that are not reaching their emissions objectives. Failure to purchase sufficient allowances will require the purchase of allowances at a current market price. 
 Any laws or regulations that may be adopted to restrict or reduce emissions of GHGs could cause an increase to our raw material costs, require us to incur increased operating costs, and have an adverse effect on demand for our products and our financial performance and results for our business. 
 In addition to GHG and climate change regulatory developments and legislation, we are continuing to evaluate and assess the potential impact on our business of the ongoing transition worldwide to a low carbon, resilient economy as well as physical effects resulting from climate change. 
 OUR PRODUCTS MAY BE RENDERED OBSOLETE OR LESS ATTRACTIVE BY CHANGES IN INDUSTRY REQUIREMENTS OR BY SUPPLY-CHAIN DRIVEN PRESSURES TO SHIFT TO ENVIRONMENTALLY PREFERABLE ALTERNATIVES 
 Changes in regulatory, legislative and industry requirements, or changes driven by supply-chain pressures, may shift current customers away from products using penta, products containing hazardous materials, or certain of our other products and toward alternative products that are believed to have fewer environmental effects. The EPA, foreign and state regulators, local governments, private environmental advocacy organizations, investors and investor advisory firms, and a number of large industrial companies have proposed or adopted policies designed to decrease the use of a variety of chemicals, including penta and others included in certain of our products, such as those containing hazardous materials, or to counteract the growth of certain industries such as those in which customers served by our PIM products operate. Our ability to anticipate changes in regulatory, legislative, investor, and industry requirements, or changes driven by supply-chain pressures, may affect our ability to remain competitive. Further, we may not be able to comply with changed or new regulatory or industrial standards that may be necessary for us to remain competitive. 
 We cannot provide assurance that the EPA, foreign and state regulators or local governments will not restrict the uses of certain of our products, like penta, or ban the use of one or more of these products or the raw materials in them. Similarly, companies who use our products may voluntarily decide to reduce significantly or cease the use of our products. As a result, our products may become obsolete or less attractive to our customers. 
 GENERAL COMMERCIAL, OPERATIONAL, FINANCIAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
 BECAUSE WE RELY ON OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, OUR FAILURE TO ADEQUATELY OBTAIN OR PROTECT IT COULD SIGNIFICANTLY HARM OUR BUSINESS 
 Protection of intellectual property is particularly important in the semiconductor industry, which is the primary industry in which we participate, because we develop complex technical formulas and processes for products that are proprietary in nature and differentiate our products from those of our competitors. Our intellectual property is important to our success and ability to compete. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as employee and third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements. In addition, we protect our product differentiation through various other means, such as proprietary supply arrangements for certain raw materials, and use of certain manufacturing technologies. Due to our international operations, we pursue protection in different jurisdictions, which may provide varying degrees of protection, and we cannot provide assurance that we can obtain adequate protection in each such jurisdiction. Our failure to obtain or maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property rights for any reason, including through the patent prosecution process or in the event of litigation related to such intellectual property, which we pursue when necessary to protect our rights against others who are found to be misusing our intellectual property, could seriously harm our business. In addition, certain types of intellectual property, such as patents, expire after a certain period of time, and products protected by our patents then lose such protection, so we refresh our intellectual property portfolio on an ongoing basis through continued innovation, and failure to do so could adversely affect our business. Also, the costs of obtaining or protecting our intellectual property could negatively affect our operating results. 
 19 

INDEX 

 OUR INABILITY TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN KEY PERSONNEL COULD CAUSE OUR BUSINESS TO SUFFER 
 We utilize and rely upon a global workforce. If we fail to attract and retain the necessary managerial, technical and customer support personnel, our business and our ability to maintain existing and obtain new customers, develop new products and provide acceptable levels of customer service could suffer. We compete worldwide with other participants in the industries in which we conduct business for qualified personnel, particularly those with significant experience in the semiconductor and pipeline industries. The loss of services of key employees, or our inability to obtain or maintain visas or other travel or residency documents on their behalf with respect to our business needs, could harm our business and results of operations. 
 BECAUSE WE HAVE LIMITED EXPERIENCE IN BUSINESS AREAS OUTSIDE OF ELECTRONIC MATERIALS AND PERFORMANCE MATERIALS, EXPANSION OF OUR BUSINESS INTO OTHER PRODUCTS AND APPLICATIONS MAY NOT BE SUCCESSFUL 
 An element of our strategy has been to leverage our customer relationships, technological expertise and other capabilities and competencies to expand our business. For example, we have made acquisitions to expand beyond CMP consumables into other electronic materials product areas, as well as into performance materials product areas in which we have limited experience. Expanding our business into new product areas could involve technologies, production processes and business models in which we have limited experience, and we may not be able to develop and produce products or provide services that satisfy customers' needs, or we may be unable to keep pace with technological or other developments. Or, we may decide that we no longer wish to pursue these new business initiatives. Also, our competitors may have or obtain intellectual property rights that could restrict our ability to market our existing products and/or to innovate and develop new products. 
 CERTAIN CRITICAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS COULD BE SUSCEPTIBLE TO CYBERSECURITY AND OTHER THREATS OR VULNERABILITIES 
 We maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business. These information systems include, but are not limited to, telecommunications, the Internet, our corporate intranet, various computer hardware and software applications, production control systems, enterprise resource planning systems, network communications, and email. These information systems may be owned and maintained by us, our outsourced providers, or third parties such as vendors, contractors, and Cloud providers. All these information systems are subject to disruption, breach or failure from various sources including, but not limited to, attacks, degradation, and failures resulting from potential sources, including viruses, malware, denial of service, ransomware, destructive or inadequate code, power failures, and physical damage. Confidential and/or sensitive information stored on these information systems, or transmitted to or from Cloud storage, could be intentionally or unintentionally compromised, lost, and/or stolen. While we have implemented security procedures and virus protection software, intrusion prevention systems, access control, and emergency recovery processes to mitigate risks like these with respect to information systems that are under our control, they are not fail-safe and may be subject to breaches or failures. Further, we cannot assure that third parties upon whom we rely for various IT services will maintain sufficient vigilance and controls over their systems. Our inability to use or access these information systems at critical points in time, or unauthorized releases of personal or confidential information, could unfavorably impact the timely and efficient operation of our business, including our results of operations, and our reputation, as well as our relationships with our employees or other individuals whose information may have been affected by such cybersecurity incidents. 
 In addition, regulatory authorities have increased their focus on how companies collect, process, use, store, share and transmit personal data. Privacy security laws and regulations, including the United Kingdom s Data Protection Act 2018 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016, and similar laws in countries such as Korea and Taiwan, among others, pose increasingly complex compliance challenges, which may increase compliance costs, and any failure to comply with data privacy laws and regulations could result in significant penalties that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 OUR ABILITY TO RAISE CAPITAL IN THE FUTURE MAY BE LIMITED, WHICH COULD PREVENT US FROM GROWING, AND OUR EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT COULD RESTRICT OUR BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
 In the future we may be required to raise capital through public or private financing or other arrangements. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all, and our failure to raise capital when needed could harm our business. Our credit agreement as amended Amended Credit Agreement contains financial and other covenants that may restrict our business activities or our ability to execute our strategic objectives, and our failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under it. Furthermore, additional equity financing may dilute the interests of our common stockholders, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants that could further restrict our business activities or our ability to execute our strategic objectives and could reduce our profitability. If we raise or borrow funds on acceptable terms, we may not be able to grow our business or respond to competitive pressures. 
 20 

INDEX 

 THE MARKET PRICE FOR OUR COMMON STOCK MAY FLUCTUATE SIGNIFICANTLY AND RAPIDLY 
 The market price of our common stock has fluctuated and could continue to fluctuate significantly as a result of factors such as: economic, geopolitical, global public health (i.e., the Pandemic), political and stock market conditions generally and specifically as they may impact participants in the semiconductor and related industries; and/or participants in oil and gas related industries; changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts who follow our stock; earnings and other announcements, and changes in market evaluations, by securities analysts, investors, market participants or others, of or related to, us or participants in the semiconductor and related industries; changes in business, trade or regulatory conditions affecting us or participants in the semiconductor and related industries; announcements or implementation by us, our competitors, or our customers of technological innovations, new products or different business strategies; changes in our capital deployment strategy, issuances of shares of our capital stock or entering into a business combination or other strategic transaction; and trading volume of our common stock. 
 ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS UNDER OUR CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS MAY DISCOURAGE THIRD PARTIES FROM MAKING AN UNSOLICITED BID FOR OUR COMPANY 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and various provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may make it more difficult or expensive to effect a change in control of our Company. For instance, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for the division of our Board of Directors into three classes as nearly equal in size as possible with staggered three-year terms. 
 We have adopted change in control arrangements covering our executive officers and other key employees. These arrangements provide for a cash severance payment, continued medical benefits and other ancillary payments and benefits upon termination of service of a covered employee s employment following a change in control, which may make it more expensive to acquire our Company. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our global headquarters and research and development facilities are located in Aurora, Illinois. As of September 30, 2021, we operated 45 facilities globally, of which 16 facilities are owned by the company and 29 are leased. The Company operates in 19 facilities located in the U.S. and 26 located outside the U.S. The facilities outside the U.S. include locations in Taiwan, Japan, South Korea, Singapore, China, Canada, Mexico, Italy, France, and the United Kingdom. 
 We believe that our facilities are suitable and adequate for their intended purpose and provide us with sufficient capacity and capacity expansion opportunities and technological capability to meet our current and expected demand in the foreseeable future. We intend to expand certain of our facilities to meet our anticipated business needs. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We periodically become a party to legal proceedings, arbitrations, regulatory proceedings, inquiries and investigations contingencies arising in the ordinary course of our business operations. The ultimate resolution of these contingencies is subject to significant uncertainty, and should we fail to prevail in any of them or should several of them be resolved against us in the same reporting period, these matters could, individually or in the aggregate, be material to our Consolidated Financial Statements. One of these contingencies, related to Star Lake Canal, which we assumed in connection with the acquisition of KMG, is discussed in Note 19 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The ultimate outcome of these matters, however, cannot be determined at this time, nor can the amount of any potential loss be reasonably estimated, and as a result except where indicated no amounts have been recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We also may face other governmental or third-party claims, or otherwise incur costs, relating to cleanup of, or for injuries resulting from, contamination at sites associated with Star Lake Canal or other past and present operations. We accrue for environmental liabilities when a determination can be made that they are probable and reasonably estimable. Other than as described herein, we are not involved in any legal proceedings that we believe could have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The information set forth in Item 1A Risk Factors and Note 19 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 21 

INDEX 

 Not applicable. 
 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 Set forth below is information of our executive officers and their ages as of October 31, 2021. 
 Name Age Present Position Fiscal Year Appointed to Current Position Other Positions Held Between Fiscal 2017-2021 1 
 David H. Li 48 President and Chief Executive Officer 2015 Scott D. Beamer 50 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 2018 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Stepan Company, 2013-2018 H. Carol Bernstein 61 Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel 2000 Jeffrey M. Dysard 48 Vice President and President, Performance Materials 2019 General Manager of CMP Slurries, 2018-2019; General Manager of CMP Pads, 2016-2018 Colleen E. Mumford 45 Vice President, Communications and Marketing 2020 Corporate Relations Director, 2018-2019; Human Resources Director, 2015-2018 Eleanor K. Thorp 47 Vice President, Human Resources 2018 Head of Human Resources and Recruiting at Sephora Digital SEA, 2015-2018 Daniel D. Woodland 51 Vice President and President, Electronic Materials 2019 Vice President and Chief Marketing and Operations Officer, 2017-2019; Vice President of Marketing, 2015-2017 Jeanette A. Press 46 Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer 2020 Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer, Univar Solutions, 2019-2020; Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer, USG Corporation, 2014-2019 
 1. Fiscal years for other positions held include partial years if held for any portion of that fiscal year 
 22 

INDEX 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol CCMP. As of October 31, 2021, there were approximately 569 holders of record of our common stock. In January 2016, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized the initiation of a regular dividend program under which the Company intends to pay quarterly cash dividends on our common stock. The declaration and payment of future dividends is subject to the discretion and determination of the Company s Board of Directors and management, based on a variety of factors, and the program may be suspended, terminated or modified at any time for any reason. 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (in thousands) Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (in thousands) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in thousands) July 1 - 31, 2021 25 144.12 25 141,208 August 1 - 31, 2021 612 125.13 612 64,558 September 1 - 30, 2021 185 133.19 185 39,975 Total 822 127.52 822 39,975 
 In March 2021, our Board of Directors authorized an increase in the amount available under our share repurchase program from the previously remaining 26.3 million to 150.0 million. Under this program, we repurchased 924 thousand shares for 120.0 million in fiscal 2021. As of September 30, 2021, 40.0 million remained available under our share repurchase program. The manner in which the Company repurchases its shares is discussed in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, under the heading Liquidity and Capital Resources, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. To date, we have funded share purchases under our share repurchase program from our available cash balance, and anticipate we will continue to do so. 
 Separate from this share repurchase program, a total of 37 thousand shares were withheld from equity award recipients to cover payroll taxes on the vesting of shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units during fiscal 2021 pursuant to the terms of our CMC Materials, Inc. 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan Prior Plan and our CMC Materials, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan OIP ). 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 See Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding shares of common stock that may be issued under the Company s existing equity compensation plans. 
 23 

INDEX 

 STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The following graph illustrates the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock during the period from September 30, 2016 through September 30, 2021 and compares it with the cumulative total return on the NASDAQ Composite Index and the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (PHLX). The comparison assumes 100 was invested on September 30, 2016 in our common stock and in each of the foregoing indices and assumes reinvestment of the quarterly cash dividends declared in each fiscal year from 2017 to 2021. The performance shown is not necessarily indicative of future performance. Refer to Part 1, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 9/16 12/16 3/17 6/17 9/17 12/17 3/18 6/18 9/18 12/18 3/19 CMC Materials, Inc. 100.00 119.73 145.60 140.70 152.73 180.14 205.83 207.45 198.98 185.48 218.61 NASDAQ Composite 100.00 101.66 111.95 116.61 123.68 131.78 135.19 144.13 154.82 128.04 149.56 PHLX Semiconductor 100.00 108.92 121.99 125.49 142.61 153.08 162.95 162.02 169.26 143.83 174.54 
 6/19 9/19 12/19 3/20 6/20 9/20 12/20 3/21 6/21 9/21 CMC Materials, Inc. 215.78 276.80 284.62 226.19 277.41 283.91 302.59 354.52 303.21 247.88 NASDAQ Composite 155.35 155.63 175.03 150.60 197.21 219.37 253.64 261.14 286.40 285.75 PHLX Semiconductor 183.58 197.01 234.81 192.66 255.79 288.62 360.82 404.53 434.39 424.30 
 24 

INDEX 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) should be read in conjunction with our historical financial statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For management s discussion and analysis of our results of operations for fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019 please refer to Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on November 17, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 CMC is a leading global supplier of consumable materials, primarily to semiconductor manufacturers. The Company s electronic materials products play a critical role in the production of advanced semiconductor devices, helping to enable the manufacture of smaller, faster and more complex devices by its customers. The Company also provides performance materials to pipeline companies, and its PIM products and services provide solutions for optimizing pipeline throughput and maximizing performance and safety. 
 While the Pandemic continues to cause global macroeconomic uncertainty worldwide and in the countries and locations in which we and our customers and suppliers operate, our business in our fiscal 2021 showed continued resiliency overall. In our Electronic Materials business segment, which represents approximately 80 of our revenue, we experienced growth from each of our businesses over the prior fiscal year. We continue to experience solid demand from our semiconductor customers, as certain sectors such as cloud, PCs and servers continue to show strength, driven by the ongoing economic recovery from the Pandemic, particularly in the industrial and automotive sectors. In addition, our Performance Materials business segment showed improved demand in our wood treatment and QED businesses over the prior year. Our PIM business continues to be negatively impacted by the Pandemic. Throughout the Pandemic, our primary focus has been and continues to be on the health and well-being of our employees and the ongoing operation of our facilities worldwide according to our business continuity plans, which we refine on an ongoing basis. 
 To date, we have not seen a meaningful impact from the Pandemic on our ability to manufacture and deliver products to our customers, but we have experienced a rise in certain raw material costs and broad constraints in the global supply chain, including in logistics, and adversely impacting freight and logistics costs. Although improving, the Pandemic has negatively impacted some of the industries we serve, primarily the pipeline industry, and as a result we took an impairment charge in our PIM business unit in our second fiscal quarter of fiscal 2021. Depending on industry recovery, we expect to drive growth in our PIM business. 
 The extent to which the Pandemic may further impact our business, operations, results of operations and financial condition going forward is uncertain and difficult to estimate, and depends on numerous evolving and potentially unknown factors. 
 Recent Developments and Items Impacting Comparability 
 The Company completed the ITS Acquisition on the ITS Acquisition Date and the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include the financial results of ITS since that date. For additional information, refer to Part 1, Item 1 Business in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, we made a decision to exit the wood treatment business and focus our strategy and future capital investments on our other businesses. Our Matamoros, Mexico facility will continue to produce an intermediate product until it ceases operations by the end of December 2021. Our Tuscaloosa, Alabama plant will continue to process and sell to customers this intermediate product, into approximately the second quarter of fiscal year 2022. 
 25 

INDEX 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following table sets forth the changes in balances on the Consolidated Statement of (Loss) Income along with the percentage of revenue of certain line items included in our historical statements of income for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2021 2020 Change Change Revenue 1,199,831 100.0 1,116,270 100.0 83,561 7.5 Cost of sales 701,662 58.5 627,669 56.2 73,993 11.8 Gross profit 498,169 41.5 488,601 43.8 9,568 2.0 Research, development and technical 54,195 4.5 52,311 4.7 1,884 3.6 Selling, general and administrative 228,886 19.1 217,071 19.4 11,815 5.4 Impairment charges 230,392 19.2 2,314 0.2 228,078 9856.4 Total operating expenses 513,473 42.8 271,696 24.3 241,777 89.0 Operating (loss) income (15,304) (1.3) 216,905 19.4 (232,209) (107.1) Interest expense, net 38,360 3.2 41,840 3.7 (3,480) (8.3) Other expense, net (1,130) (0.1) (1,718) (0.2) 588 34.2 (Loss) income before income taxes (54,794) (4.6) 173,347 15.5 (228,141) (131.6) Provision for income taxes 13,783 1.1 30,519 2.7 (16,736) (54.8) Net (loss) income (68,577) (5.7) 142,828 12.8 (211,405) (148.0) 
 Most of CMC s foreign operations maintain their accounting records in their local currencies. As a result, period to period comparability of results of operations is affected by fluctuations in exchange rates. The impact on comparability is not material in any given period. 
 
 YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021, AS COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 
 REVENUE 
 The increase in Revenue was primarily due to the increased demand for our products, selected price increases for our electronic chemicals and wood treatment products, and the ITS Acquisition, which closed on the ITS Acquisition Date. This was partially offset by lower demand for PIM products due to the ongoing effects of the Pandemic and related factors. 
 COST OF SALES 
 The increase in Cost of sales was primarily due to the increases in revenue, inflationary raw materials costs, and higher freight and manufacturing fixed costs. 
 GROSS MARGIN 
 The decrease in gross margin percentage was primarily due to inflationary raw material costs, and higher freight and manufacturing fixed costs. 
 SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE 
 The increase in Selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to a 5.2 million increase in professional fees, a 3.0 million increase in staffing related expenses, a 2.5 million environmental accrual related to the anticipated remedial action phase of the Star Lake Canal Superfund Site Star Lake ), and a 1.2 million increase in IT expenses. This was partially offset by a 2.1 million decrease in travel expenses. See Note 19 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding the Star Lake environmental accrual. 
 IMPAIRMENT CHARGES 
 The increase in Impairment charges was due to impairment of goodwill in the PIM reporting unit, as well as impairment of the long-lived assets, intangible assets, and goodwill in the wood treatment business. See Notes 9 and 10 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 26 

INDEX 

 INTEREST EXPENSE, NET 
 The decrease in Interest expense, net was primarily due to a decline in the LIBOR rate for the unhedged portion of the Company s Senior Secured Term Loan Facility Term Loan Facility and a lower outstanding term loan balance due to repayments. 
 PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
 The income tax expense during fiscal 2021 in relation to the loss before income taxes was primarily attributable to the unfavorable impact of the goodwill impairment charges related to the PIM and wood treatment reporting units, partially offset by a tax benefit related to share-based compensation and foreign derived intangible income. 
 
 SEGMENT ANALYSIS 
 The segment data should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Year Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2021 2020 Change Change Segment Revenue: Electronic Materials 984,712 882,824 101,888 11.5 Performance Materials 215,119 233,446 (18,327) (7.9) Total Revenues 1,199,831 1,116,270 83,561 7.5 Adjusted EBITDA: Electronic Materials 323,827 299,037 24,790 8.3 Performance Materials 87,961 106,797 (18,836) (17.6) Unallocated corporate expenses (53,475) (48,033) (5,442) (11.3) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 358,313 357,801 512 0.1 Adjusted EBITDA Margin: Electronic Materials 32.9 33.9 -100 bpts Performance Materials 40.9 45.7 -480 bpts 
 ELECTRONIC MATERIALS 
 The increase in revenue was driven by growth across all businesses, including selected price increases for our electronic chemicals products, and the ITS Acquisition, which closed on the ITS Acquisition Date. The increase in adjusted EBITDA was driven primarily driven by the revenue increases, partially offset by higher fixed costs. The 100 basis points decrease in adjusted EBITDA margin was primarily driven by inflationary raw material costs, higher freight and fixed costs, and higher expenses to support current operations and future growth opportunities. 
 PERFORMANCE MATERIALS 
 The decrease in revenue and adjusted EBITDA was driven by lower demand for PIM products due to the ongoing effects of the Pandemic and related factors, partially offset by higher selling prices for wood treatment products and increased demand for QED products. The 480 basis points decrease in adjusted EBITDA margin was primarily driven by inflationary raw material costs and higher costs in PIM related to underutilization of the previously completed plant expansion, partially offset by higher selling prices for wood treatment products. 
 USE OF CERTAIN GAAP AND NON-GAAP FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Certain financial measures contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K adjust for the impact of specified items and are not calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP or GAAP ). We provide certain non-GAAP financial measures, such as adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin, in addition to reported GAAP results because we believe that analysis of our financial performance is enhanced by an understanding of these non-GAAP financial measures. We exclude certain items from earnings when presenting adjusted EBITDA because we believe they will be incurred infrequently and/or are otherwise not indicative of the Company s regular, ongoing operating performance. Accordingly, we believe that they aid in evaluating the underlying operational performance of our business, and facilitate comparisons between periods. In addition, adjusted EBITDA is used as one of the performance goals of our fiscal 2021 
 27 

INDEX 

 Short-Term Incentive Program. A similar adjusted EBITDA calculation is also used by our lenders for a key debt compliance ratio. 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, adjusted for certain items that affect comparability from period to period. These adjustments include items related to acquisitions, such as acquisition and integration related expenses, impairment charges, costs of restructuring and related adjustments related to the wood treatment business, a charge for the Star Lake environmental accrual, costs related to the KMG-Bernuth warehouse fire net of insurance recovery, costs related to the Pandemic net of grants received, and impact of fair value adjustments to inventory acquired in the KMG Acquisition. 
 The non-GAAP financial measures provided are a supplement to, and not a substitute for, the Company s financial results presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Management strongly encourages investors to review the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements in their entirety and to not rely on any single financial measure. A reconciliation table of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures is below. 
 Adjusted EBITDA for the Electronic Materials and Performance Materials segments is presented in conformity with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 280, Segment Reporting. This measure is reported to the chief operating decision maker for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to the segments and assessing their performance. For these reasons, this measure is excluded from the definition of non-GAAP financial measures under SEC Regulation G and Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 RECONCILIATION OF NET (LOSS) INCOME TO ADJUSTED EBITDA 
 Year Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2021 2020 2019 Net (loss) income (68,577) 142,828 39,215 Interest expense, net 38,360 41,840 43,335 Income taxes 13,783 30,519 23,891 Depreciation and amortization 132,170 127,737 98,592 EBITDA 115,736 342,924 205,033 Acquisition and integration related expense 10,115 10,852 34,709 Impairment charges 230,392 2,314 67,372 Environmental accrual 2,508 Cost related to KMG-Bernuth warehouse fire, net of insurance recovery (1,050) 1,083 9,905 Costs related to the Pandemic, net of grants received 489 849 Charge for fair value write-up of acquired inventory sold 14,869 Net costs related to restructuring of the wood treatment business 123 (221) 1,530 Adjusted EBITDA 358,313 357,801 333,418 
 Year Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2021 2020 2019 Adjusted EBITDA: Electronic Materials 323,827 299,037 294,902 Performance Materials 87,961 106,797 91,372 Unallocated Corporate Expenses (53,475) (48,033) (52,856) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 358,313 357,801 333,418 
 28 

INDEX 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had 186.0 million of cash and cash equivalents compared with 257.4 million as of September 30, 2020. On September 30, 2021, 132.9 million of cash and cash equivalents was held in foreign subsidiaries. Our total liquidity as of September 30, 2021 was 536.0 million compared to 457.4 million as of September 30, 2020 (including 350.0 million and 200.0 million of borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which includes our letter of credit sub-facility). The increase in liquidity reflects the increase in available credit under our Revolving Credit Facility, as well as cash flow provided by operating activities, partially offset by the cash used for the ITS Acquisition, capital expenditures, repurchases of our common stock and payments of quarterly cash dividends. 
 Total debt, consisting of principal outstanding on our Term Loan Facility, amounted to 916.3 million 928.4 million in aggregate principal amount less 12.0 million of debt issuance costs) as of September 30, 2021 and 921.4 million 936.4 million in aggregate principal amount less 14.9 million of debt issuance costs) as of September 30, 2020. There were no borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility in fiscal 2021 and no balance was outstanding as of September 30, 2021. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility requires that the Company maintain a maximum first lien secured net leverage ratio, as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement, of 4.00 to 1.00 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. As of September 30, 2021, our maximum first lien secured net leverage ratio was 1.87 to 1.00. Additionally, the Amended Credit Agreement contains certain affirmative and negative covenants that limit the ability of the Company, among other things and subject to certain significant exceptions, to incur debt or liens, make investments, enter into certain mergers, consolidations, asset sales and acquisitions, pay dividends and make other restricted payments and enter into transactions with affiliates. We believe we are in compliance with these covenants as of September 30, 2021 and we expect to remain in compliance with our debt covenants in the future. 
 In March 2021, our Board of Directors authorized an increase in the amount available under our share repurchase program from the previously remaining 26.3 million to 150.0 million. In fiscal 2021, we repurchased 924 thousand shares under this program, and 40.0 million remained available at the end of the year. The timing, manner, price and amounts of repurchases are determined at the Company s discretion, and the share repurchase program may be suspended, terminated or modified at any time for any reason. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares. To date, we have funded share purchases under our share repurchase program from our available cash on hand, and anticipate we will continue to do so. 
 Our Board of Directors authorized the initiation of our regular quarterly cash dividend program in January 2016, and since that time has increased the dividend to its current level of 0.46 per share. The declaration and payment of future dividends is subject to the discretion and determination of the Board of Directors and management, based on a variety of factors, and the program may be suspended, terminated or modified at any time for any reason. 
 We believe that cash on hand, cash available from future operations, and available borrowing capacity under our Amended Credit Agreement will be sufficient to fund our operations, expected capital expenditures, dividend payments, and share repurchases for at least the next twelve months. However, ongoing Pandemic-created uncertainty in worldwide economic conditions and in those of the industries in which we participate remains, and we may need to raise additional funds in the future through equity or debt financing, or other arrangements, in pursuit of corporate development or other initiatives. Depending on future conditions in the capital and credit markets, we could encounter difficulty securing additional financing in the type or amount necessary to pursue these objectives. 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 We generated 270.6 million in cash flows from operating activities in fiscal 2021, compared to 287.3 million in fiscal 2020. The decrease was driven by 21.9 million of changes in operating assets and liabilities, partially offset by a 5.2 million increase of Net (loss) income adjusted for non-cash reconciling items. 
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 In fiscal 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 166.4 million, compared to 124.3 million in fiscal 2020. The increase was driven by the 126.9 million net cash used for the ITS Acquisition, partially offset by a decrease in capital expenditures of 83.7 million, which was driven by the plant expansion in fiscal 2020 in our Performance Materials segment. 
 FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 In fiscal 2021, net cash used in financing activities was 175.3 million, compared to 97.7 million in fiscal 2020. The increase was driven by a 85.0 million increase in repurchases of common stock under the Share Repurchase Program, partially offset by a 15.3 million decrease in repayment of long-term debt. 
 29 

INDEX 

 CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 The following summarizes our significant contractual obligations at September 30, 2021, and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods. 
 (In thousands) Total Current Long-Term Debt (Note 13) 
 928,375 13,313 915,062 Interest expense and fees 112,786 21,260 91,526 Purchase obligations (material supply agreements) 84,968 81,295 3,673 Future lease payments (Note 14) 
 32,681 8,031 24,650 Total contractual obligations 1,158,810 123,899 1,034,911 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The Company s accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Consolidated Financial Statements. As disclosed in Note 2, the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingencies. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The Company believes that the following discussion addresses the Company s most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results of operations and require management s most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. 
 GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
 We perform an annual impairment assessment of goodwill and other intangible assets at the reporting unit level as of July 1, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Historically, we have annually tested goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment as of September 30. This year, we voluntarily changed the annual impairment testing date from September 30 to July 1. We believe this measurement date, which represents a change in the method of applying an accounting principle, is preferable because it better aligns with the timing of the Company s financial planning process, which is a key component of the annual impairment tests. The change in the measurement date did not delay, accelerate or prevent an impairment charge. Each quarter, the Company evaluates impairment indicators to determine whether there is a triggering event warranting a goodwill and intangible asset impairment analysis. As such, the change in the annual test date was applied prospectively effective July 1, 2021. 
 In our qualitative assessment, we determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment exists based on qualitative factors. Qualitative factors include macroeconomic, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, industry, legal and other relevant events and factors affecting the reporting unit. Additionally, as part of this assessment, we may perform a quantitative analysis to support the qualitative factors above by applying sensitivities to assumptions and inputs used in measuring a reporting unit s fair value. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that an impairment exists, then a quantitative assessment is performed. 
 In our quantitative assessment, estimated fair value is determined using an average of a discounted cash flow model and a market approach based on earnings before interest, taxes, and depreciation for a group of guideline comparable companies. The wood treatment reporting unit fair value is determined using the discounted cash flow model only. Factors requiring significant judgment include the selection of market comparable companies, projected future revenue and gross margin, discount rates, and terminal growth rates. The use of different assumptions, estimates or judgments could significantly impact the estimated fair value of a reporting unit, and therefore, impact the excess fair value above carrying value of the reporting unit. The reporting unit s carrying value used in an impairment test represents the assignment of various assets and liabilities, excluding certain corporate assets and liabilities, such as cash, investments, and debt. We test the reasonableness of the inputs and outcomes of our discounted cash flow models against available market data. Two of the Company s reporting units, wood treatment and PIM, are at risk of failing future impairment tests, as the estimates of fair value do not substantially exceed their carrying values. The fair values for all other reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying value. 
 As previously announced, the Company is exiting the wood treatment business by approximately the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2022. As the Company approaches the closure date of the facilities and there are lower estimated future cash flows, the carrying value of the wood treatment reporting unit will not be recoverable, resulting in future impairments of goodwill. As of September 30, 2021, wood treatment s carrying value includes 9.4 million of goodwill. There is no excess fair value over the carrying value as of September 30, 2021. 
 30 

INDEX 

 During the second quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 201.6 million related to the PIM reporting unit. As of the July 1, 2021 annual assessment date, the estimated fair value of the PIM reporting unit exceeded the carrying value by approximately 5 . Key assumptions in the assessment include projected future revenue and gross margin, a 10.5 discount rate, and a terminal growth rate of 3 . A 50 basis point change in the projected compound annual revenue growth rate, gross margins, discount rate, or terminal growth assumption would not result in an impairment. As of September 30, 2021, PIM s carrying value includes 118.2 million of goodwill and 46.0 million of indefinite-lived trade-name intangible assets. 
 The Flowchem LLC Flowchem trade name, an indefinite-lived intangible asset that is part of the PIM reporting unit, was assessed for impairment using a relief from royalty approach. Factors requiring significant judgment include projected revenue, royalty rates, terminal growth rates, and discount rates. 
 Significant management judgment is required to estimate projected future revenue and gross margins. All assumptions used in our impairment valuation for indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill are based on best available information and are consistent with internal forecasts and operating plans. 
 See Note 9 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding goodwill and intangible assets. 
 ACCOUNTING FOR INCOME TAXES 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Accordingly, the determination of our provision for income taxes requires judgment, the use of estimates in certain cases and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. Our effective income tax rate is affected by many factors, including changes in our assessment of certain tax contingencies, increases and decreases in valuation allowances, changes in tax law, outcomes of audits, and the mix of earnings among our U.S. and international operations. 
 We assess whether or not our deferred tax assets will ultimately be realized, and record an estimated valuation allowance on those deferred tax assets that may not be realized. Many factors are considered when assessing whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized, including recent cumulative earnings, expectations of future taxable income, carryforward periods and other relevant quantitative and qualitative factors. The recoverability of the deferred tax assets is evaluated by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. This evaluation is based on best available information and are consistent with internal forecasts and operating plans . 
 We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. When facts and circumstances change, we reassess these probabilities and record any changes in the financial statements as appropriate. This determination requires the use of judgment in evaluating our tax positions and assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items. See Note 18 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on income taxes. 
 EFFECTS OF RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 See Note 2 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 EFFECT OF CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES AND EXCHANGE RATE RISK MANAGEMENT 
 We conduct business operations outside of the U.S. through our foreign operations. Most of our foreign operations maintain their accounting records in their local currencies. Consequently, period to period comparability of results of operations is affected by fluctuations in exchange rates. The primary currencies to which we have exposure are the Korean won, Japanese yen, the New Taiwan dollar, Euro, British pound, and Singapore dollar. Approximately 23 of our revenue is transacted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. However, outside of the U.S., we also incur expenses that are transacted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, which mitigates the exposure on the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income. We periodically enter into forward contracts in an effort to manage foreign currency exchange exposure on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. However, we are unlikely to be able to hedge these exposures completely. We do not enter into forward contracts or other derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 
 We recorded 2.5 million in currency translation gains, 19.3 million in currency translation gains, and 8.5 million in currency translation losses, net of tax, during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which were included in other comprehensive income (loss). 
 31 

INDEX 

 MARKET RISK AND SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS RELATED TO FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE RISK 
 We have performed a sensitivity analysis assuming a hypothetical 10 additional adverse movement in foreign exchange rates. As of September 30, 2021, the analysis demonstrated that such market movements would not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows over a one-year period. Actual gains and losses in the future may differ materially from this analysis based on changes in the timing and amount of foreign currency rate movements and our actual exposures. 
 32 

INDEX 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE Page Consolidated Financial Statements: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 34 
 Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income for the years ended September 30, 20 2 1 , 20 20 and 201 9 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the years ended September 30, 20 2 1 , 20 20 and 201 9 
 37 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 20 2 1 and 20 2 0 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 20 2 1 , 20 20 and 201 9 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended September 30, 20 2 1 , 20 20 and 201 9 
 41 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 42 
 Financial Statement Schedule: Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended September 30, 20 2 1 , 20 20 and 201 9 
 68 
 Management Responsibility 
 69 

All other schedules are omitted, because they are not required, are not applicable, or the information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto. 
 33 

INDEX 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of CMC Materials, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CMC Materials, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of (loss) income, of comprehensive (loss) income, of changes in stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases as of October 1, 2019. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 As described in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded International Test Solutions, Inc. ITS from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, because it was acquired by the Company in a business combination during fiscal 2021. We have also excluded ITS from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. As of September 30, 2021 and for the period from the ITS Acquisition Date through September 30, 2021, total assets and total revenue of ITS represented less than 1 of the Company s consolidated total assets and total revenues. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of 
 34 

INDEX 

 the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment - Pipeline and Industrial Materials PIM and CMP Pads Reporting Units 
 As described in Notes 2 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 576.9 million at September 30, 2021, which included the PIM and CMP Pads reporting units. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually on July 1, or between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. The goodwill impairment assessment is performed comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting units to their carrying amounts. Estimated fair values are determined using the average of a discounted cash flow model and a market approach based on earnings before interest, taxes, and depreciation for a group of guideline comparable companies. Factors requiring significant judgment include the selection of valuation approach and assumptions related to future revenue and gross margin, discount rates, and terminal growth rates. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment of the PIM and CMP Pads reporting units is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining the fair value of the reporting units using the discounted cash flow models; (ii) the high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating the significant assumptions used in management s fair value estimate related to future revenue, gross margin, terminal growth rate and the discount rate for the PIM reporting unit, and future revenue and gross margin for the CMP Pads reporting unit; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of the Company s PIM and CMP Pads reporting units. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for determining the fair value estimate of the PIM and CMP Pads reporting units; evaluating the appropriateness of using the average of a discounted cash flow model and a market approach based upon relevant market multiples; testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the discounted cash flow models; and evaluating the significant assumptions used by management related to future revenue, gross margin, terminal growth rate and the discount rate for the PIM reporting unit, and future revenue and gross margin for the CMP Pads reporting unit. Evaluating management s assumptions related to future revenue, gross margin, and terminal growth rate involved evaluating whether the assumptions used were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the reporting units, (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow models and market approach and the reasonableness of the PIM discount rate assumption. 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 November 12, 2021 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1999. 
 35 

INDEX 

 CMC MATERIALS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF (LOSS) INCOME 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Revenue Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Research, development and technical Selling, general and administrative Impairment charges Total operating expenses Operating (loss) income ) Interest expense, net Other expense, net ) ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) Provision for income taxes Net (loss) income ) Basic (loss) earnings per share ) Diluted (loss) earnings per share ) Weighted average basic shares outstanding Weighted average diluted shares outstanding 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 36 

INDEX 

 CMC MATERIALS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (In thousands) Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Net (loss) income ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Total foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges: Change in fair value ) ) Reclassification adjustment into earnings ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Total unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges, net of tax ) ) Pension and other postretirement ) ) Income tax expense Total pension and other postretirement, net of tax ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 37 

INDEX 

 CMC MATERIALS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) September 30, 2021 2020 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses of at September 30, 2021, and at September 30, 2020 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Current portion of long-term debt Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 19) 
 Stockholders equity: Common Stock Authorized: shares, par value; Issued: shares at September 30, 2021 and shares at September 30, 2020 
 Capital in excess of par value of common stock Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Treasury stock at cost, shares at September 30, 2021 and shares at September 30, 2020 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 38 

INDEX 

 CMC MATERIALS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile Net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Impairment charges Depreciation and amortization Deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Amortization of terminated interest rate swap contract Amortization of debt issuance costs Loss (gain) on disposal of assets ) ) Non-cash foreign exchange loss (gain) ) Accretion and adjustment on Asset Retirement Obligations Non-cash charge on inventory step up of acquired inventory sold Other ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of a business, net of cash acquired ) ) Additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of assets Cash settlement of life insurance policy Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchases of common stock under Share Repurchase Program ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of stock Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock withheld for taxes ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Proceeds from revolving line of credit Repayment on revolving line of credit ) Other financing activities ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) 
 39 

INDEX 

 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes (net of refunds received) Cash paid for interest Purchases of property, plant and equipment in accrued liabilities and accounts payable at the end of the period Equity consideration related to the acquisition of KMG Chemicals, Inc Cash paid during the period for lease liabilities Right of use asset obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 40 

INDEX 

 CMC MATERIALS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Shares Shares Shares Common Stock Beginning balance Exercise of stock options Restricted stock Common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Common stock in connection with acquisition of KMG Chemicals, Inc. Ending balance Capital in Excess of Par Beginning balance Share-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Issuance of restricted stock under Deposit Share Program Issuance of common stock in connection with acquisition of KMG Chemicals, Inc. Ending balance Retained Earnings Beginning balance Cumulative effect of accounting changes 1 
 ) Net (loss) income ) Dividends ) ) ) Ending balance Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Beginning balance ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Cash flow hedges ) ) Minimum pension liability adjustment ) ) Cumulative effect of accounting changes 1 
 ) Ending balance ) ) Treasury Stock Beginning balance ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock under Share Repurchase Program ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock - other ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) Total Equity Dividends per share of common stock 
 1. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 41 

INDEX 

 CMC MATERIALS, INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 1. 
 of International Test Solutions, LLC ITS (the ITS Acquisition ), which has expanded the Company s portfolio of critical enabling solutions in the semiconductor manufacturing process. The Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include the financial results of ITS from the ITS Acquisition Date. Additionally, the Consolidated Financial Statements include the financial results of KMG Chemicals, Inc. KMG since the Company s acquisition of of the outstanding stock of KMG (the KMG Acquisition on November 15, 2018 (the KMG Acquisition Date ). 
 We operate our business within reportable segments: Electronic Materials and Performance Materials. The Electronic Materials segment consists of our chemical mechanical planarization CMP slurries, CMP pads, electronic chemicals, and materials technologies businesses. The Performance Materials segment consists of our pipeline and industrial materials PIM ), wood treatment, and QED Technologies International, Inc. QED businesses. 
 The audited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared by CMC pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP or GAAP ). 

2. 

42 

INDEX 

 Amount of charge (benefit) to expense ) Deductions and adjustments ) ) Ending Balance at September 30 
 Samsung Group 
 Of those customers who represented more than 10 of consolidated revenue, their net accounts receivable as a percentage of total net accounts receivable are as follows: 
 September 30, 2021 2020 Intel Samsung Group 

43 

INDEX 

 - years 
 Buildings - years 
 Machinery and equipment - years 
 Furniture and fixtures - years 
 Vehicles - years 
 Information systems - years 
 Assets under financing leases The shorter of the term of the lease or estimated useful life 

44 

INDEX 

 to years. Intangible assets are tested for impairment if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates the carrying value may not be recoverable. 
 For each reporting unit, the Company has the option to perform either the qualitative analysis step zero or a quantitative analysis step one ). In the event a reporting unit fails the qualitative assessment, it is required to perform the quantitative test. The goodwill impairment assessment is performed by comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting units to their carrying amounts. Estimated fair values are determined using the average of a discounted cash flows model and a market approach based on earnings before interest, taxes, and depreciation for a group of guideline comparable companies. Factors requiring significant judgment include the selection of valuation approach and assumptions related to future revenue and gross margin, discount rates, and terminal growth rates. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the reporting unit will recognize an impairment for the lesser of either the amount by which the reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit or the reporting unit s goodwill carrying value. We used a step zero qualitative analysis for the CMP slurries and QED reporting units. All other reporting units were assessed for goodwill impairment using a step one approach. 
 The Flowchem LLC Flowchem trade name, an indefinite-lived intangible asset that is part of the PIM reporting unit, was assessed for impairment using a relief from royalty approach. Factors requiring significant judgment include projected revenue, royalty rates, terminal growth rates, and discount rates. 
 The Company provides disclosure of the potential risk of impairment when a reporting unit s fair value exceeds its carrying value by less than ten percent. 
 45 

INDEX 

46 

INDEX 

47 

INDEX 

 3. 
 Contract liabilities (noncurrent) Other long-term liabilities 
 The amount of revenue recognized during the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 that was included in the opening current contract liability balances in our Performance Materials segment was and , respectively. The amount of revenue recognized during the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 that was included in our opening contract liability balances in our Electronic Materials segment was not material. 

4. 
 , inclusive of working capital adjustments, or net of cash acquired, which it funded entirely from cash on hand. ITS designs and produces high-performance consumables used to optimize critical semiconductor testing processes, thus expanding CMC s product offerings. ITS is included in the material technologies business within our Electronic Materials business segment. The ITS Acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, and ITS s results of operations are included in our Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income from the ITS Acquisition Date. The ITS Acquisition would not have materially affected the Company s results of operations or financial position for any periods presented. In fiscal 2021, acquisition and integration-related expenses for the ITS Acquisition were not material. 
 The Company allocated and of the purchase price to goodwill and intangible assets, respectively. The goodwill is primarily attributable to anticipated revenue growth from the combined company product portfolio and is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 Straight-line Customer relationships Accelerated Trade name Straight-line Total intangible assets 
 The intangible assets subject to amortization have a weighted average useful life of years. 
 The fair value of acquired identifiable intangible assets was determined using Level 3 inputs for the income approach on an individual asset basis. The key assumptions used in the calculation of the discounted cash flows include projected revenue, operating expenses, and obsolescence rate. The valuations and the underlying assumptions have been deemed reasonable by the Company s management. There are inherent uncertainties and management judgment required in these determinations. 
 The purchase price allocation for the ITS Acquisition was finalized during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. 
 48 

INDEX 

5. 
 Other long-term investments Derivative financial instruments Total assets Liabilities: Derivative financial instruments Total liabilities 
 
 6. 
 Work in process Finished goods Total 
 49 

INDEX 

 7. 
 Buildings Machinery and equipment Vehicles Furniture and fixtures Information systems Finance leases Construction in progress Total property, plant and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Net property, plant and equipment 
 , and for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively . 
 
 8. 
 Purchase accounting in connection with the KMG Acquisition ) Liabilities Settled ) Accretion of discount Estimate revision ) ) Ending Balance at September 30 
 
 9. 
 Foreign currency translation impact ) Other Balance at September 30, 2020 1 
 Foreign currency translation impact Additions due to acquisitions (See Note 4) 
 Impairment ) ) Balance at September 30, 2021 
 1. There are accumulated impairment amounts at September 30, 2020 or 2019. 
 50 

INDEX 

 . The goodwill impairment charge is included in the Performance Materials segment and presented within Impairment charges, and the related tax benefit of is included in the Provision for income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 In connection with our annual impairment assessment, the estimated fair value of the PIM reporting unit was determined to exceed the carrying value by approximately as of July 1, 2021 and additional impairment was recognized. The most significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the discounted cash flows model are the forecasted revenue growth rate, forecasted gross margin, the discount rate and the terminal growth rate. These assumptions are classified as level 3 inputs. The Company s projections for revenue and gross margin are based on the Company s multiyear forecast, which reflects a recovery from the Pandemic during the forecast period and normalization of raw material costs. The discount rate was based on an estimated weighted average cost of capital WACC for the PIM reporting unit. The components of WACC are the cost of equity and the cost of debt, each of which requires judgment by management to estimate. The company developed its cost of equity estimate based on perceived risks and predictability of future cash flows. 
 The remaining carrying value of the PIM reporting unit as of September 30, 2021 of includes of goodwill and of indefinite lived intangible assets. 
 Additionally, the Company recorded non-cash, pre-tax goodwill impairment charge of for the year ended September 30, 2021, related to the wood treatment asset group and reporting unit due to the previously announced planned closure of the facilities. See Note 10 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for discussion of the wood treatment impairment. 
 Product technology, trade secrets and know-how Acquired patents and licenses Total other intangible assets subject to amortization Other intangible assets not subject to amortization: Other indefinite-lived intangibles 1 
 Total other intangible assets not subject to amortization Total other intangible assets 
 1. Other indefinite-lived intangibles not subject to amortization primarily consist of trade names. 
 51 

INDEX 

 ) Product technology, trade secrets and know-how ) Acquired patents and licenses ) Total other intangible assets subject to amortization ) Other intangible assets not subject to amortization: Other indefinite-lived intangibles 
 Total other intangible assets not subject to amortization Total other intangible assets ) 
 1. Refer to Note 4 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the ITS acquisition. 
 2. Refer to Note 10 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the wood treatment impairment. 
 Amortization expense was , and for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 
 
 52 

INDEX 

 10. 
 , and for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. There was remaining carrying value of definite-lived intangible assets or Property, plant and equipment as of September 30, 2021. 
 Key assumptions in testing the assets for recoverability and development of the fair value of the asset group included projected future revenue and gross margin. As the inputs for testing recoverability, including estimates of future revenue and gross margin, are not generally observable in active markets, the Company considers such measurements to be Level 3 measurements in the fair value hierarchy. The duration of the future revenue and gross margin estimates are limited to the period through the closure dates. 
 IMPAIRMENT OF GOODWILL 
 The fair value of the wood treatment reporting unit, which was determined based on a discounted cash flow model, did not exceed the carrying value of the reporting unit. Key assumptions in our goodwill impairment test included projected future revenue and gross margin. As a result, the Company recorded a non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge of for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 As the Company approaches the closure dates of the facilities and there are finite estimated future cash flows, the carrying value of the wood treatment reporting unit will not be recoverable, resulting in future impairments of goodwill. The remaining carrying value of the wood treatment reporting unit as of September 30, 2021 includes million of goodwill, which will be periodically impaired through the closure dates, resulting in no fair value ascribed to the wood treatment business by the dates of closure. The amount of the periodic impairments will vary depending on the timing of the remaining future cash flows of the business and carrying value of the reporting unit at each reporting period. 
 PRESENTATION OF IMPAIRMENT CHARGES 
 Other intangible assets, net Total wood treatment long-lived asset impairment charges Goodwill Total wood treatment impairment charges 
 The Company recognized a tax benefit of , and , for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, in Provision for income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income related to long-lived asset impairments. The impairment charges related to goodwill are not tax deductible, therefore there is no related tax benefit for a portion of the impairment recorded for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 53 

INDEX 

 11. 
 Interest rate swap (See Note 15) 
 Prepaid unamortized debt issuance cost - revolver SERP investments Vendor contract assets Other long-term assets Total 
 
 12. 
 Income taxes payable Dividends payable ARO (current) Contract liabilities (current) Current portion of operating lease liability Taxes, other than income taxes Current portion of terminated swap liability (See Note 15) 
 Goods and services received, not yet invoiced Interest rate swap liability Accrued interest Other Total 
 
 13. 
 
 Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt Less: Current maturities and short-term debt ) ) Total long-term debt excluding current maturities 
 TERM LOAN FACILITY 
 In connection with the KMG Acquisition, the Company entered into a credit agreement Credit Agreement ), which includes the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility Term Loan Facility in an aggregate principal amount of million. During the first quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company amended the Credit Agreement Amended Credit Agreement to reduce the interest rate on the Term Loan Facility. Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option, either (a) a LIBOR, subject to a floor, or (b) a base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin of, in the case of borrowings under the Term Loan Facility, for LIBOR loans and for base rate loans. The borrowings are guaranteed by each of the Company s wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries and are secured by substantially all assets of the Company and of each subsidiary guarantor, in each case subject to certain exceptions. 
 54 

INDEX 

 of the initial principal amount. In addition, the Company is required to prepay outstanding loans under the Term Loan Facility, subject to certain exceptions, with up to of the Company s annual excess cash flow, as defined under the Amended Credit Agreement, and of the net cash proceeds of certain recovery events and non-ordinary course asset sales. We did make any prepayments during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 and made total prepayments of million during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. 
 At September 30, 2021, the fair value of the Term Loan Facility, using level 2 inputs, approximated its carrying value of as the loan bears a floating market rate of interest. 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company entered into a new interest rate swap agreement to extend the duration of its existing floating-to-fixed interest rate swap agreement and to take advantage of lower interest rates. See Note 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 The Amended Credit Agreement contains certain affirmative and negative covenants that limit the ability of the Company, among other things and subject to certain significant exceptions, to incur debt or liens, make investments, enter into certain mergers, consolidations, asset sales and acquisitions, pay dividends and make other restricted payments and enter into transactions with affiliates. We believe we are in compliance with these covenants. 
 The Amended Credit Agreement contains certain events of default, including relating to a change of control. If an event of default occurs, the lenders under the Credit Facilities will be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the Credit Facilities. 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 
 REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company amended the Amended Credit Agreement to increase the aggregate amount of the revolving credit facility from million to million, inclusive of a letter of credit sub-facility of up to million, and to extend the maturity to July 2026 Revolving Credit Facility ). Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to a base rate in each case, plus an applicable margin of for LIBOR loans and for base rate loans. The applicable margin for borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility varies depending on the Company s first lien secured net leverage ratio. 
 amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 14. 
 and may be renewed at our option. 
 Variable and short-term costs Total lease cost 
 Lease expense for the year ended September 30, 2019 totaled . 
 55 

INDEX 

 Lease liabilities - current Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Lease liabilities - non-current Other long-term liabilities Total lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2026 and future years Total future lease payments Less: Imputed interest Operating lease liability 
 
 15. 
 million, was terminated, and the hedging relationship was de-designated. The liability for the terminated interest rate swap is not measured at fair value and will be paid over the remaining term of the new swap. The loss amount for the terminated swap is included in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and will be amortized on a straight-lined basis into interest expense through January 31, 2024, the remaining term of the original swap. 
 The new interest rate swap is a floating-to-fixed interest rate swap contract to hedge the variability in LIBOR-based interest payments on a portion of our outstanding variable rate debt. The notional amount is scheduled to decrease quarterly and will expire on January 29, 2027. The new interest rate swap was designated as a cash flow hedge based on certain quantitative and qualitative assessments and we have determined that the hedge is highly effective and qualifies for hedge accounting. 
 FOREIGN CURRENCY CONTRACTS NOT DESIGNATED AS HEDGES 
 We enter into forward foreign exchange contracts in an effort to mitigate the risks associated with currency fluctuations on certain foreign currency balance sheet exposures. These foreign exchange contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting. 
 56 

INDEX 

 Interest rate swap contract - terminated agreement Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign exchange contracts to purchase U.S. dollars Foreign exchange contracts to sell U.S. dollars 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign exchange contracts Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accrued expenses and other current liabilities) ) Terminated interest rate swap contract Interest expense, net ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign exchange contracts Other expense, net ) ) 
 57 

INDEX 

 ) ) 
 to be reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into Interest expense, net during the next related to our existing and terminated interest rate swaps based on projected rates of the LIBOR forward curve as of September 30, 2021. 
 
 16. 
 shares of stock to be granted thereunder. In addition, up to shares that become available from awards under the Prior Plan because of events such as forfeitures, cancellations or expirations will also be available for issuance under the OIP. Shares issued under our share-based compensation plans are issued from new shares rather than from treasury shares. 
 STOCK OPTIONS 
 Non-qualified stock options issued under the OIP are generally time-based and provide for a term, with options generally vesting equally over a period. 
 Expected term (in years) Expected volatility Risk-free rate of return Dividend yield 
 A summary of stock option activity is as follows: 
 Stock Options Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (in years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in thousands) Outstanding at September 30, 2020 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or canceled ) Outstanding at September 30, 2021 Exercisable at September 30, 2021 Expected to vest at September 30, 2021 
 58 

INDEX 

 Cash received from exercise of options Tax benefit from exercise of options Fair value of options vested 
 As of September 30, 2021, there was of total unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN ESPP 
 The ESPP allows all full-time, and certain part-time, employees of our Company and its designated subsidiaries to purchase shares of our common stock through payroll deductions, subject to a maximum number of shares that a participant may purchase and a maximum dollar expenditure in any six-month offering period, and certain other criteria. The provisions of the ESPP allow shares to be purchased at a price no less than the lower of of the closing price at the beginning or end of each semi-annual stock purchase period. We use the Black-Scholes model for estimating the fair value of ESPP purchases. The amount of ESPP expense recognized in fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019 was not material. As of September 30, 2021, a total of shares are available for purchase under the ESPP. 
 RESTRICTED STOCK, RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS RSUs ), AND PERFORMANCE SHARE UNITS PSUs 
 Under the OIP, employees and non-employees may be awarded shares of restricted stock or RSUs, which generally vest over a period. Restricted shares under the OIP may be purchased and placed on deposit by executive officers pursuant to the 2001 Deposit Share Program. Shares purchased under this Deposit Share Program receive a match in restricted shares that vest at the end of a period, and are subject to forfeiture upon early withdrawal of the deposit shares. The fair value of our restricted stock and RSU awards represents the closing price of our common stock on the date of award. Share-based compensation expense related to restricted stock and RSU awards is recorded net of expected forfeitures. 
 PSU awards are granted to certain employees and fully vest upon certification of performance achieved with respect to the PSU following the third anniversary of the performance period, according to the terms and conditions of the relevant PSU award agreement. Stock-based compensation for the awards is recognized over a period based on the number of PSUs expected to vest under the awards at the end of the performance period, which is determined using certain performance measures and is re-evaluated at the end of each fiscal year through the end of the performance period. In addition, the PSUs awarded may be subject to downward or upward adjustment depending on the total shareholder return achieved by the Company during the particular performance period related to the PSUs, relative to the total shareholder return of the S P MidCap 400 Index, as specified in the respective PSU award agreement. We estimate fair value of the PSUs at award date by using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 Granted 2 
 Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at September 30, 2021 
 1. Includes PSUs. 
 2. Includes additional PSUs earned relating to the fiscal 2018 grant based on final performance factor. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Weighted average grant date fair value Total fair value of restricted stock awards and units vested 
 59 

INDEX 

 of total unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock awards and RSUs, including PSUs, under the OIP. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE 
 Research, development and technical Selling, general and administrative Tax benefit ) ) ) Total share-based compensation expense, net of tax 
 Total gross share-based compensation expense is attributable to the following awards: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Stock Options Restricted stock awards and restricted stock units Performance share units ESPP 
 
 17. 
 , and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The Company s United Kingdom and Singapore subsidiaries also make immaterial contributions to retirement plans that function as defined contribution retirement plans. 
 PENSION OBLIGATIONS IN FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS 
 The Company has defined benefit plans covering employees in Japan, South Korea, and France as required by local law. These plans are unfunded. 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Pension cost included in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Weighted average discount rate Weighted average rate of increases in future compensation levels 
 60 

INDEX 

 , and in fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, consisting primarily of service costs. 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 to 2031 
 
 18.) ) Foreign Total ) 
 Deferred ) ) ) Total ) Foreign: Current Deferred ) ) ) Total Total U.S. and foreign 
 61 

INDEX 

 U.S. benefits from research and experimentation activities ) ) State taxes, net of federal effect ) Foreign income at other than U.S. rates ) Excess compensation ) Share-based compensation ) ) U.S. tax reform Global Intangible Low Taxed Income ("GILTI") Foreign derived intangible income ) ) Change in reserve positions ) Goodwill impairment ) Other, net ) ) Provision for income taxes ) 
 The negative effective tax rate during fiscal 2021 in relation to the loss before income taxes of was primarily attributable to the unfavorable impact of goodwill impairment charges related to PIM and wood treatment, partially offset by a tax benefit related to share-based compensation and foreign derived intangible income. 
 The decrease in the effective tax rate during fiscal 2020 was primarily attributable to the absence of a discrete charge recorded in fiscal 2019 related to the final regulations issued under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and the absence of unfavorable tax treatment of certain non-deductible costs related to the KMG Acquisition. Additionally, the tax rate was favorably impacted by the final tax regulations issued in July 2020, which provided for a high-tax exception for those jurisdictions subject to the GILTI tax, for which the Company qualified. 
 Additions for tax positions relating to the current fiscal year Additions for tax positions relating to prior fiscal years Balance September 30, 2019 Additions for tax positions relating to the current fiscal year Additions for tax positions relating to prior fiscal years Reduction for tax positions relating to prior fiscal years ) Balance September 30, 2020 Additions for tax positions relating to the current fiscal year Additions for tax positions relating to prior fiscal years Reduction for tax positions relating to prior fiscal years ) Balance September 30, 2021 
 The entire balance of unrecognized tax benefits shown above as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, would affect our effective tax rate if recognized. Additions for tax positions of recorded in the current fiscal year are mainly due to liabilities related to mix of jurisdictional earnings from intercompany transactions. Interest accrued and penalties charged to expense in fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019 was immaterial. 
 At September 30, 2021, the tax periods open to examination by the U.S. federal, state and local governments include fiscal years 2015 through 2021, and the tax periods open to examination by foreign jurisdictions include fiscal years 2016 through 2021. We do not anticipate a significant change to the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. 
 62 

INDEX 

 Inventory Accrued expenses Share-based compensation expense Credit and other carryforwards Lease obligations Interest rate swap Other Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation and amortization Lease right-of-use assets Withholding on transition taxes Other Total deferred tax liabilities 
 As of September 30, 2021, the Company had foreign and domestic net operating loss carryforwards NOLs of , which will expire over the period between fiscal years 2022 and 2041. We have recorded a tax-effected valuation allowance of against the deferred tax assets related to certain foreign and U.S. federal and state NOLs, as well as on certain federal tax credit carryforwards. As of September 30, 2021, the Company had a U.S. federal and state tax credit carryforward of , which will expire beginning in fiscal years 2022 through 2031. 
 
 19. 
 other cooperating parties entered into an agreement with the EPA in September 2016 to complete a remedial design of the remediation actions for the site and recorded a reserve at that time. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, an additional reserve for the anticipated remedial action phase, which will be performed under a separate future agreement, was established for , resulting in a total remaining reserve for the remediation of as of September 30, 2021. 
 63 

INDEX 

 , and for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Although we believe we have completed cleanup efforts related to the fire incident, there are potential other related costs that cannot be reasonably estimated as of this time due to the nature of federally-regulated penta-related requirements. In addition, we continue to work with our insurance carriers on possible recovery of losses and costs related to the fire incident. We received and of insurance recoveries during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which was recorded in Cost of sales. At this point we cannot reasonably estimate whether we will receive any additional insurance recoveries, or if so, the amount of such recoveries. 
 We also may face other governmental or third-party claims, or otherwise incur costs, relating to cleanup of, or for injuries resulting from, contamination at sites associated with this or other past and present operations. We accrue for environmental liabilities when a determination can be made that they are probable and reasonably estimable. Other than as described herein, we are not involved in any legal proceedings that we believe could have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 In addition, our Company is subject to extensive federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances in the U.S. and in other countries. These regulatory requirements relate to the use, generation, storage, handling, emission, transportation and discharge of certain hazardous materials, substances and waste into the environment. The Company, including its KMG entities, manage Environmental, Health and Safety EHS matters related to protection of the environment and human health, the cleanup of contaminated sites, the treatment, storage and disposal of wastes, and the emission of substances into the air or waterways, among other EHS concerns. Governmental authorities can enforce compliance with their regulations, and violators may be subject to fines, injunctions or both. The Company devotes significant financial resources to compliance, including costs for ongoing compliance. 
 Certain licenses, permits and product registrations are required for the Company s products and operations in the U.S., Mexico and other countries in which it does business. The licenses, permits and product registrations are subject to revocation, modification and renewal by governmental authorities. In the U.S. in particular, producers and distributors of penta, which is a product manufactured and sold by KMG-Bernuth as part of the wood treatment business, are subject to registration and notification requirements under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act and comparable state law in order to sell this product in the U.S. Compliance with these requirements may have a significant effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to contingencies, including litigation relating to EHS laws and regulations, commercial disputes and other matters. Certain of these contingencies are discussed above and below. The ultimate resolution of these contingencies is subject to significant uncertainty, and should we fail to prevail in any of them or should several of them be resolved against us in the same reporting period, these matters could, individually or in the aggregate, be material to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The ultimate outcome of these matters cannot be determined at this time, nor can the amount of any potential loss be reasonably estimated, and as a result except where indicated no amounts have been recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 In the normal course of business, we are a party to a variety of agreements pursuant to which we may be obligated to indemnify the other party with respect to certain matters. Generally, these obligations arise in the context of agreements entered into by us, under which we customarily agree to hold the other party harmless against losses arising from items such as a breach of certain representations and covenants including title to assets sold, certain intellectual property rights and certain environmental matters. These terms are common in the industries in which we conduct business. In each of these circumstances, payment by us is subject to certain monetary and other limitations and is conditioned on the other party making an adverse claim pursuant to the procedures specified in the particular agreement, which typically allow us to challenge the other party s claims. 
 We evaluate estimated losses for such indemnifications under the accounting standards related to contingencies and guarantees. We consider such factors as the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. To date, we have not experienced material costs as a result of such obligations and, as of September 30, 2021, have not recorded any liabilities related to such indemnifications in our financial statements as we do not believe the likelihood of such obligations is probable. 
 64 

INDEX 

 of contractual commitments related to this agreement. In addition, we have a purchase commitment of to purchase non-water based carrier fluid. 
 
 20.) Denominator: Weighted average common shares Weighted average effect of dilutive securities Diluted weighted average common shares (Loss) earnings per share: Basic ) Diluted ) 
 For the year ended September 30, 2021, no dilutive shares were calculated, as the inclusion of dilutive potential common shares in a net loss situation would be anti-dilutive. 

21. 
 reportable segments: 
 ELECTRONIC MATERIALS 
 Electronic Materials includes products and solutions for the semiconductor industry and consists of our CMP slurries business, CMP pads business, electronic chemicals business, and materials technologies business, which comprises the ITS business. 
 PERFORMANCE MATERIALS 
 Performance Materials consists of our PIM business, wood treatment business, and QED business. 
 Our chief operating decision maker evaluates segment performance based upon revenue and segment adjusted EBITDA. Segment adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, adjusted for certain items that affect comparability from period to period. These adjustments include acquisition and integration-related expenses, certain costs related to the KMG-Bernuth warehouse fire, net of insurance recovery, the impact of fair value adjustments to inventory acquired from KMG, impairment charges, net restructuring charges related to the wood treatment business, a charge for an environmental accrual and costs related to the Pandemic, net of grants received. We exclude these items from earnings when presenting adjusted EBITDA because we believe they are not indicative of a segment s regular, ongoing operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA is also the basis of a performance metric for our fiscal 2021 Short-Term Incentive Program. In addition, our chief operating decision maker does not use assets by segment to evaluate performance or allocate resources, and therefore, we do not disclose assets by segment. 
 65 

INDEX 

Electronic chemicals CMP pads Materials technologies Total Electronic Materials Performance Materials: PIM Wood treatment QED Total Performance Materials Total 
 Performance Materials Corporate Total 
 66 

INDEX Interest expense, net Income taxes Depreciation and amortization EBITDA Impairment charges Acquisition and integration-related expense Environmental accrual Costs related to KMG-Bernuth warehouse fire, net of insurance recovery ) Costs related to the Pandemic, net of grants received Charge for fair value write-up of acquired inventory sold Net costs related to restructuring of the wood treatment business ) Consolidated adjusted EBITDA Segment adjusted EBITDA: Electronic Materials Performance Materials Unallocated corporate expenses ) ) ) Consolidated adjusted EBITDA 
 The unallocated portions of corporate functions, including finance, legal, human resources, information technology, and corporate development, are not directly attributable to a reportable segment. 
 
 22. 
 
 Asia Europe, Middle East, and Africa South America Total Property, plant and equipment, net 1 : 
 North America Asia Europe Total 
 1. No individual countries other than the U.S. have material Property, plant and equipment 
 67 

INDEX 

 South Korea Taiwan 
 Not a country with more than 10 revenue. 
 
 ) September 30, 2020 ) ) September 30, 2019 
 The following table sets forth activities in our valuation allowance on certain deferred tax assets: 
 Valuation Allowance Balance At Beginning of Year Amounts Charged To Expenses Deductions and Adjustments Balance At End of Year Year ended: September 30, 2021 ) September 30, 2020 ) September 30, 2019 
 
 68 

INDEX 

 MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY 
 The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared by the Company in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The Company s management is responsible for the integrity of these statements and of the underlying data, estimates and judgments. 
 The Company s management establishes and maintains a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that its assets are safeguarded from loss or unauthorized use, transactions are properly authorized and recorded, and that financial records can be relied upon for the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. This system includes written policies and procedures, a code of business conduct and an organizational structure that provides for appropriate division of responsibility and the training of personnel. This system is monitored and evaluated on an ongoing basis by management in conjunction with its internal audit function. 
 The Company s management assesses the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting on an annual basis. In making this assessment, management uses the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Management acknowledges, however, that all internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. In addition, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm evaluates the Company s internal control over financial reporting and performs such tests and other procedures as it deems necessary to reach and express an opinion on the fairness of the financial statements. 
 In addition, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors provides general oversight responsibility for the financial statements. Composed entirely of Directors who are independent and not employees of the Company, the Committee meets periodically with the Company s management, internal auditors and the independent registered public accounting firm to review the quality of financial reporting and internal controls, as well as results of auditing efforts. The internal auditors and independent registered public accounting firm have full and direct access to the Audit Committee, with and without management present. 
 /s/ David H. Li 
 David H. Li 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 /s/ Scott D. Beamer 
 Scott D. Beamer 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 /s/ Jeanette A. Press 
 Jeanette A. Press 
 Principal Accounting Officer 
 69 

INDEX 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of September 30, 2021. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and to provide that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 While we believe the present design of our disclosure controls and procedures is effective enough to make known to our senior management in a timely fashion all material information concerning our business, we intend to continue to improve the design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures to the extent necessary in the future to provide our senior management with timely access to such material information, and to correct any deficiencies that we may discover in the future, as appropriate. 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or Rule 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s CEO and CFO, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of Company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Based upon SEC staff guidance, management has excluded ITS from the scope of our assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 because it was acquired by the Company in a business combination during fiscal 2021. As of September 30, 2021 and for the period from the ITS Acquisition Date through September 30, 2021, total assets and total revenue of ITS represented less than 1 of the Company s consolidated total assets and total revenues. 
 Our management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021. The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 70 

INDEX 

 INHERENT LIMITATIONS ON EFFECTIVENESS OF CONTROLS 
 Because of inherent limitations, our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 71 

INDEX 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by Item 10 of Form 10-K with respect to identification of directors, the existence of a separately-designated standing audit committee, identification of members of such committee, and identification of an audit committee financial expert, is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the sections captioned Election of Directors and Board Structure and Compensation in our definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held March 9, 2022 (the Proxy Statement ). In addition, for information with respect to the executive officers of our Company, see Information about our Executive Officers in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the section captioned Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Proxy Statement. Information required by Item 405 of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the section captioned Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Proxy Statement. 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct for all of our employees and directors, including our principal executive officer, other executive officers, principal financial officer and senior financial personnel. A copy of our code of business conduct is available free of charge on our Company website at www.cmcmaterials.com. We intend to post on our website any material changes to, or waivers from, our code of business conduct, if any, within two days of any such event. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Item 11 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the section captioned Executive Compensation in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 Shown below is information as of September 30, 2021, with respect to the shares of common stock that may be issued under CMC s existing equity compensation plans. Plan category (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 1,010,486 (2) 89.61 (2) 2,361,281 (3) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 1,010,486 (2) 89.61 (2) 2,361,281 (3) 
 1. See Note 16 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding the composition of our equity compensation plans. 
 2. Column (a) includes 779,010 shares subject to outstanding nonqualified stock options, 146,960 shares that employees and non-employee directors have the right to acquire upon the vesting of the equivalent RSUs that they have been awarded under our equity incentive plans, and 84,516 initial granted shares that certain employees have the right to acquire upon the vesting of the performance-based restricted stock units (PSUs) that they have been awarded under our equity incentive plans, which may be subject to downward or upward adjustment depending on the performance measures during the particular performance period pursuant to the PSU award agreement. Column (b) excludes all of these RSUs and PSUs from the weighted-average exercise price. The weighted average term of stock options is 6.04 years. 
 3. Column (c) includes 239,941 shares available for future issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 The other information required by Item 12 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the section captioned Stock Ownership in the Proxy Statement. 
 72 

INDEX 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Item 13 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the section captioned Certain Relationships and Related Transactions in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 14 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the section captioned Fees of Independent Auditors and Audit Committee Report in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 73 

INDEX 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule are included in Item 8 herein: 
 1. Financial Statements: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 2. Financial Statement Schedule: Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 3. Exhibits - The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 Exhibit No. Description Filed as an exhibit to, and incorporated by reference from Form File No. Filing Date 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 14, 2018, by and among KMG Chemicals, Inc., Cabot Microelectronics Corporation, and Cobalt Merger Sub Corporation. 
 8-K 000-30205 August 17, 2018 3.2 (Fourth) Amended and Restated Bylaws of CMC Materials, Inc. 
 8-K 000-30205 October 1, 2020 3.3 (Second) Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of CMC Materials, Inc. 
 8-K 000-30205 October 1, 2020 4.1 Form of CMC Materials, Inc. Common Stock Certificate. 
 10-K 000-30205 November 17, 2020 4.2 Description of the Company s Securities . 
 10-K 000-30205 November 17, 2020 10.1 CMC Materials, Inc. 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as Amended and Restated September 23, 2013. 
 10-K 000-30205 November 17, 2020 10.2 Form of Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Protection Agreement. 
 10-K 000-30205 November 25, 2008 10.3 Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, as Amended and Re stated February 25, 2021 . 
 10-Q 000-30205 May 6, 2021 10.4 Form of Deposit Share Agreement. 
 10.5 Adoption Agreement, as amended September 23, 2008, of Cabot Microelectronics Corporation Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan. 
 10-K 000-30205 November 25, 2008 10.6 Directors Cash Compensation Umbrella Program. 
 10-K 000-30205 November 17, 2020 10.7 CMC Materials, Inc. Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan, as amended. 
 10-K 000-30205 November 25, 2008 10.8 CMC Materials, Inc. 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended effective March 7, 2017. 
 10-K 000-30205 November 17, 2020 
 74 

INDEX 

 10.9 Form of Cabot Microelectronics Corporation 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement (employees (including executive officers)). 
 10-Q 000-30205 February 8, 2013 10.10 Form of Cabot Microelectronics Corporation 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement (non-employee directors). 
 10-Q 000-30205 August 8, 2012 10.11 Cabot Microelectronics Corporation 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan Fiscal Year 20[__] Restricted Unit Award Agreement for United States Employees 
 10-Q 000-30205 February 8, 2016 10.12 Cabot Microelectronics Corporation 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan Fiscal Year 20[ ] Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement for United States Employees 
 10-Q 000-30205 February 7, 2018 10.13 Cabot Microelectronics Corporation 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan Fiscal Year 20[ ] Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for United States Employees 
 10-Q 000-30205 February 7, 2018 10.14 Cabot Microelectronics Corporation 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan Fiscal Year 20[ ] Performance Share Unit Award Agreement for United States Employees 
 10-Q 000-30205 February 7, 2018 10.15 CMC Materials, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 10.16 Form of CMC Materials, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan Non-Employee Director Annual Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement. 
 10-Q 000-30205 May 6, 2021 10.17 Form of CMC Materials, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan Non-Employee Director Annual Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 10-Q 000-30205 May 6, 2021 10.18 Form of CMC Materials, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (non-employee directors). 
 10-Q 000-30205 August 5, 2021 10.19 Form of CMC Materials, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Award Agreemen t - 20 2[ ] Depo sit Share Award 
 10.20 Employment Offer Letter dated December 12, 2014 (David H. Li). 
 10-Q 000-30205 February 6, 2015 10.21 CMC Materials, Inc. Short Term Incentive Program 
 10.22 Credit Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2018, by and among CMC Materials, Inc., the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 10-Q 000-30205 February 4, 2021 10.23 Amendment No. 1, dated December 20, 2019, to Credit Agreement, dated November 15, 2018, by and among Cabot Microelectronics Corporation, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chas Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 8-K 000-30205 December 24, 2019 10.24 Incremental Assumption Agreement and Refinancing Amendment No. 2, dated as of July 2, 2021, to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2018, by and among CMC Materials, Inc., the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 8-K 000-30205 July 6, 2021 21.1 Subsidiaries of CMC Materials, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 75 

INDEX 

 32.1 C ertification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document The Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The Cover Page Interactive Data File does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 Management contract, or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 Substantially similar change in control severance protection agreements have been entered into with David H. Li, Scott D. Beamer, H. Carol Bernstein, Eleanor K. Thorp, Jeffrey M. Dysard, Colleen E. Mumford, Jeanette A. Press, and Daniel D. Woodland, with differences only in the amount of payments and benefits to be received by such persons. 
 
 Substantially similar deposit share agreements have been entered into with Scott D. Beamer, Jeffrey M. Dysard, David H. Li, Jeanette A. Press, and Eleanor K. Thorp with differences only in the amount of initial deposit made and deposit shares purchased by such persons. 

76 

INDEX 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized: 
 CMC MATERIALS, INC. Date: November 12, 2021 /s/ DAVID H. LI David H. Li President and Chief Executive Officer [Principal Executive Officer] Date: November 12, 2021 /s/ SCOTT D BEAMER Scott D. Beamer Vice President and Chief Financial Officer [Principal Financial Officer] Date: November 12, 2021 /s/ JEANETTE A. PRESS Jeanette A. Press Corporate Controller [Principal Accounting Officer] 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Date: November 12, 2021 /s/ WILLIAM P. NOGLOWS William P. Noglows Chairman of the Board [Director] Date: November 12, 2021 /s/ DAVID H. LI David H. Li President and Chief Executive Officer [Director] Date: November 12, 2021 /s/ RICHARD S. HILL Richard S. Hill [Director] Date: November 12, 2021 /s/ BARBARA A. KLEIN Barbara A. Klein [Director] Date: November 12, 2021 /s/ PAUL J. REILLY Paul J. Reilly [Director] Date: November 12, 2021 /s/ ANNE K. ROBY Anne K. Roby [Director] Date: November 12, 2021 /s/ SUSAN M. WHITNEY Susan M. Whitney [Director] Date: November 12, 2021 /s/ GEOFFREY WILD Geoffrey Wild [Director] 
 by H. Carol Bernstein as Attorney-in-fact pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 77 

<EX-10.4>
 2
 ccmp-20210930xex104.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 

CMC Materials, Inc. 
 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 202 x Deposit Share Agreement 

THIS DEPOSIT SHARE AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made and entered into this ______________ day of ______________, 202 x , (the Effective Date by and between CMC Materials, Inc. (the Company and __________________________ (the Participant ). 
 
 STATEMENT OF PURPOSE 
 
 The Company has adopted the CMC Materials, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan for the benefit of its eligible employees. The Participant is an employee of the Company who is eligible to participate under the Plan, and who desires to participate in the Plan pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Plan Restricted Stock Agreement-202 x Deposit Share Award (the Award Agreement ), and the Plan. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the Company and the Participant hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. Election to Participate . The Participant hereby elects to participate in the Plan by means of his her execution of this Agreement. 
 
 2. Bonus Income. The Participant hereby elects to pay to the Company, via personal check or other means acceptable to the Company on or by the Effective Date, the following portion of his her annual bonus amount that was paid to the Participant on December x , 202 x 
 
 (the Elected Bonus Amount 
 
 Any election made hereunder will be a one-time election and will not remain in effect for subsequent annual bonus payments. The amount of election shall not be less than 1,000. 
 
 3. Deposit Share Awards. The Company will convert the Elected Bonus Amount to shares of Company common stock (the Deposit Shares issued to the Participant under the Plan at the Fair Market Value of such stock on December x , 202 x , and will retain such shares subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Award Agreement and the Plan. Such shares shall remain on deposit with the Company through December x , 202 x+3+ (the three year anniversary of December x , 202 x (the Distribution Date ). 
 
 On December x , 202 x+3 , assuming Participant s satisfaction of the terms of Section 2 of this Agreement, the Company will award to the Participant the number of shares of Company common stock equal to fifty percent (50 of the number of Deposit Shares (the Award Shares pursuant to the terms and restrictions of this Agreement, the Award Agreement and the Plan. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Award Agreement and the Plan, the Deposit Shares will be returned on the Distribution Date and the Participant s Award Shares shall become fully transferable on such date, December x , 202 x+3 (the three year anniversary of December x , 202 x (the Vesting Date ), assuming that the Deposit Shares have remained on deposit with the Company through such date, Participant remains an employee of the Company, and complies with the terms of the Award Agreement and Plan. All Deposit Shares will be returned to the Participant in the case of termination of employment. 
 
 The Committee has the exclusive authority to elect to accelerate distributions and vesting. Each Participant shall have the right to designate one or more beneficiaries to receive a distribution in the event of the Participant s death by filing with the Company a Beneficiary Designation Form. The designated beneficiary or beneficiaries may be changed by a Participant at any time prior to the Participant s death by the execution and delivery of a new Beneficiary Designation Form. If no 

beneficiary has been designated, or if no designated beneficiary survives the Participant, distributions will be made to the Participant s estate. 
 
 4. Withdrawal of Deposit Shares . The Participant may request a Deposit Share withdrawal at any time, however, such withdrawal prior to the Vesting Date will result in the forfeiture of the Award Shares. 
 
 5. Incorporation of the Plan by Reference . The Plan, as it now exists and as it may be amended hereafter, and the Award Agreement are incorporated herein and made a part of this Agreement. When used herein, the terms which are defined in the Plan shall have the meaning given them in the Plan. The Participant, or if applicable the Participant s beneficiary, shall have the only right to receive benefits determined in accordance with the Plan and this Agreement. The Committee has the exclusive authority to interpret and apply the provisions of the Plan, this Agreement, and the Award Agreement. Any interpretation of this Agreement by the Committee and any decision made by it with respect to the Agreement are final and binding on all persons. To the extent that there is any conflict between the terms of this Agreement, the Award Agreement or the Plan, the Plan shall govern. Capitalized terms used herein will have the same meaning as under the Plan, unless stated otherwise. 
 
 6. Assignment and Alienation of Benefits . The right of each Participant to any amount, benefit or payment hereunder will not, to the extent permitted by law, be subject in any manner to attachment or other legal process for the debts of that Participant and no amount, benefit or payment will be subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment or encumbrance except by will, by the laws of descent and distribution, or by a Participant election to satisfy a property settlement agreement pursuant to a divorce. 
 
 7. Waiver of Priority The Participant hereby expressly waives any priority he she may have under any state or federal law with respect to any claims he she may have against the Company under the Plan beyond the rights he she would have as a general creditor of the Company. 
 
 8. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company and the Participant have caused this instrument to be executed as of the day and year first above written. 

PARTICIPANT CMC MATERIALS, INC. ___________________________ By _________________________________________ Title ________________________ 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.15>
 3
 ccmp-20210930xex1015.htm
 EX-10.15

Document 

CMC MATERIALS, INC. 2021 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 1. PURPOSE 
 The purpose of this CMC Materials, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ), is to advance the interests of CMC Materials, Inc. (the Company and its stockholders by enhancing the Company s ability to (a) attract and retain employees, directors, consultants and advisors who are in a position to make significant contributions to the success of the Company and its subsidiaries (b) reward these individuals for these contributions (c) encourage these individuals to take into account the short-term and long-term interests of the Company and its stockholders and (d) reward individuals who have contributed, or are expected to contribute, to the Company s success, by providing them equity and cash incentives Awards ). 
 2. ADMINISTRATION 
 (a) The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company (the Committee ). The Committee shall hold meetings at such times as the Committee shall deem necessary for the proper administration of the Plan. The Committee shall consist of at least two directors of the Company, each of whom shall be a Non-Employee Director as defined in Rule 16b-3(b)(3) promulgated under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ). Subject to applicable law, the Committee may delegate its authority under the Plan to any other person or persons, unless such delegation would cause a grant to an individual subject to Section 16 of the 1934 Act to fail to qualify for the exception under Rule 16b-3 thereunder. Subject to applicable law, any authority granted to the Committee may be exercised by the full Board. 
 (b) No member of the Committee shall be liable for any action, failure to act, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to this Plan or any transaction hereunder. The Company hereby agrees to indemnify each member of the Committee, and each officer or employee of the Company acting on behalf of the Committee, for all costs and expenses and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any liability incurred in connection with defending against, responding to, negotiating for the settlement of or otherwise dealing with any claim, cause of action or dispute of any kind arising in connection with any actions in administering this Plan or in authorizing or denying authorization to any transaction hereunder. 
 (c) Subject to the express terms and conditions set forth herein, the Committee shall have the power from time to time 
 (i) to determine the employees of the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates Employees ), non-employee members of the board of directors of the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates Directors ), and consultants and advisors of the Company or any of its subsidiaries Advisors ), to whom Awards shall be granted under the Plan (any such individual, a Participant and the number of shares of Stock subject to share-based Awards to prescribe the terms and conditions (which need not be identical) of each such Award, including with respect to determining exercise prices, vesting conditions, restrictions on transfer, and, to the extent consistent with the terms of the Plan, whether to waive or modify such conditions (including to accelerate or waive vesting conditions) and to make any amendment or modification to any Award Agreement (as defined herein) not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan 
 (ii) to construe and interpret the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for the administration of the Plan, including, but not limited to, correcting any defect or supplying any omission, or reconciling any inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement, in the manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary or advisable and otherwise to give full effect to the Plan 
 (iii) to exercise its discretion with respect to the powers and rights granted to it as set forth in the Plan 
 (iv) to establish any blackout period that the Committee in its sole discretion deems necessary or advisable and 
 
 (v) generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as are deemed by it necessary or advisable to promote the best interests of the Company with respect to the Plan. 
 All decisions and determinations of the Committee in the exercise of the foregoing powers shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, all Participants, and all other persons claiming any interest herein. Decisions of the Committee need not be uniform with respect to each Participant or Award. 
 3. EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERM OF PLAN 
 1 

The Plan shall be effective as of the date of its adoption by the Board, subject to approval by the Company s stockholders (the date of such approval by the Company s stockholders, the Effective Date ). No Award may be granted under the Plan after the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date, but Awards previously granted may extend beyond that date. 
 4. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN 
 (a) Awards under the Plan shall consist of Restricted Stock, RSUs, Options, SARs, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Other Stock-Based Awards and Cash Incentive Awards (each as defined and described in Section 6 below). 
 (b) Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 8.6, the maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share Stock ), subject to Awards that may be delivered under the Plan is 2,125,000 shares of Stock, which is the sum of (i) 454,907 shares of Stock, and (ii) 1,670,093 shares of Stock that are available under the Second Amended and Restated CMC Materials, Inc. (f k a Cabot Microelectronics Corporation) 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended effective March 7, 2017 (the Prior Plan ), as of the Effective Date, plus any shares of Stock that become available under the Prior Plan due to events such as forfeitures, cancellations, or expirations after the Effective Date. No awards shall be granted under the Prior Plan following the Effective Date. 
 (c) Any Stock covered by an Award which is forfeited, canceled or expires in whole or in part shall be deemed not to be delivered for purposes of determining the maximum number of shares of Stock available for grants under the Plan. For purposes of determining the number of shares of Stock available for grant under the Plan, (i) if the exercise price of an Option or Stock-settled SAR is satisfied by delivering shares of Stock to the Company (by either actual delivery or by attestation), the total number of shares subject to such Option or Stock-settled SAR shall be deemed delivered for purposes of determining the maximum number of shares of Stock available for delivery pursuant to Awards under the Plan (ii) shares subject to an Award of Options or Stock-settled SARs that are not delivered to a Participant because such shares are used to satisfy an applicable tax withholding or exercise price obligation shall be deemed delivered hereunder and shall not again be available for delivery in connection with Awards under the Plan and (iii) shares subject to an Award under the Plan other than an Option or Stock-settled SAR that are not delivered to a Participant because such shares are used to satisfy an applicable tax withholding obligation shall be deemed delivered hereunder and shall not again be available for delivery in connection with Awards under the Plan. Shares purchased on the open market using the cash proceeds from the exercise of an Option shall not be added to the shares of Stock available for delivery hereunder in determining the maximum number of shares of Stock available for delivery pursuant to Awards under the Plan. 
 (d) In no event shall the Company issue ISOs (as defined herein) under the Plan covering more than 2,125,000 shares of Stock, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 8.6 to the extent that such adjustment would not affect the qualification of such Awards as ISOs. 
 (e) No Director may receive compensation, including cash and equity-based compensation, in such capacity during any fiscal year with a value that exceeds 1,000,000 (calculating the value of any equity-based Awards based on the grant date fair value of such Awards for financial reporting purposes). For purposes of the preceding sentence, an equity-based Award shall be deemed received upon grant (and not upon vesting or settlement) and any deferred cash compensation shall be deemed received when earned (and not when paid). 
 (f) Awards granted through the assumption of, or in substitution or exchange for, similar awards in connection with the acquisition of another corporation or business entity (including, without limitation, Awards granted pursuant to Section 6.7) shall not be counted for purposes of applying the limitations of this Section on the number of shares of Stock available for Awards generally or any particular kind of Award under the Plan. 
 (g) Stock delivered under the Plan may be either from authorized but unissued Stock, from treasury shares or from shares of Stock purchased in open-market transactions and private sales. 
 (h) Except in the case of substitute awards granted pursuant to Sections 4(f) or 6.7 and subject to the following sentence, Awards granted under the Plan shall be subject to a minimum vesting period of one (1) year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Committee may provide in an Award Agreement or following the time of grant that the vesting of an Award shall accelerate in the event of the Participant s death, Disability, retirement, position elimination, or a termination other than for Cause, and (ii) the Committee may grant Awards covering five percent (5 or fewer of the total number of shares of Stock authorized under the Plan without respect to the above-described minimum vesting requirement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to Awards to Directors, the vesting of such Awards will be deemed to satisfy the one (1) year minimum vesting requirement to the extent that the Awards vest on the earlier of the one (1) year 
 2 

anniversary of the date of grant and the next annual meeting of the Company s stockholders that is at least fifty (50) weeks after the immediately preceding year s annual meeting. 
 5. ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 
 Employees, Directors, and Advisors, including prospective Employees, Directors or Advisors who have accepted offers of employment or consultancy from the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates, are eligible to receive Awards under the Plan. For purposes of the Plan, Service means the provision of services to the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates in the capacity of (a) an Employee, (b) a Director, or (c) an Advisor. An affiliate for purposes of the Plan is an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Company. A subsidiary for purposes of the Plan is an entity in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, equity interests possessing a majority of the total combined voting power of all classes of equity. The Committee will from time to time select the Employees, Directors and or Advisors who are to be granted Awards. 
 6. TYPES OF AWARDS 
 6.1. RESTRICTED STOCK AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. 
 (a) Nature of Restricted Stock Awards . An Award of restricted stock entitles the recipient to acquire, at such time or times as the Committee may determine, shares of Stock subject to the restrictions described in paragraph (e) below Restricted Stock ). 
 (b) Nature of RSU Awards . An Award of restricted stock units entitles the recipient to acquire, at such time or times as the Committee may determine, shares of Stock subject to the restrictions described in paragraph (e) below or a cash equivalent value RSUs ). An RSU represents a contingent right to receive a Share or an amount equivalent in value to a Share. 
 (c) Payment for Restricted Stock Awards . The Committee may require, as a condition to an Award of Restricted Stock or RSUs, that a Participant deliver to the Company a purchase price in any amount set by the Committee for such Restricted Stock or RSUs. 
 
 (d) Rights as a Stockholder . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, a Participant who receives an Award of Restricted Stock will have all the rights of a stockholder with respect to the Stock, including voting and dividend rights provided , that dividends credited with respect to any Award shall be subject to the same time and or performance-based vesting conditions applicable to such Award and in such case shall, if vested, be delivered or paid at the same time as such Award is delivered or paid (or forfeited at the same time as such Award is forfeited). A Participant who receives an Award of RSUs will not have voting or dividend rights with respect to the RSUs, it being understood that this sentence shall not be construed as a limitation on the right to grant Dividend Equivalents (as defined herein) in connection with an Award of RSUs. 
 (e) Restrictions . The restrictions on each grant of Restricted Stock or RSUs will lapse at such time or times, and on such terms and conditions (including upon meeting pre-established performance goals), as the Committee may specify. Except as otherwise specifically provided by the Plan or by the Committee in any particular case, until these restrictions lapse, neither Restricted Stock nor RSUs may be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of. 
 (f) Deferral . If a Participant so elects in accordance with such procedures as the Committee may specify from time to time, in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and the interpretive guidance thereunder Section 409A ), the delivery of Restricted Stock and, if the deferral election so specifies, of the Dividend Equivalents with respect thereto, shall be deferred until the date or dates specified in such election. 
 (g) Section 83(b) Election . If a Participant, in connection with the acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan or otherwise, makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, such Participant shall notify the Company within ten (10) days of filing notice of the election with the Internal Revenue Service or other governmental authority, in addition to any filing and notification required pursuant to regulations issued under Section 83(b) of the Code or any other applicable provision. 
 6.2. OPTIONS. 
 (a) Nature of Options . An option is an Award entitling the recipient on exercise thereof to purchase shares of Stock at a specified exercise price (an Option ). Both incentive stock options (as defined in Section 422 of the Code) ISOs 
 3 

and Options that are not ISOs may be granted under the Plan provided that the Committee may award ISOs only to Employees. 
 (b) Exercise Price . The exercise price of an Option shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in an applicable Award Agreement provided , however , that the exercise price of an Option shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of a share of the Stock on the date the Option is granted (110 of the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date of grant in the case of an ISO granted to an Employee who owns (within the meaning of Section 422(b)(6) of the Code) stock possessing more than ten percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company, or of a parent or a subsidiary (such person, a Ten Percent Stockholder )). For purposes of this Plan, Fair Market Value on any date means the closing sales price of the Stock on such date on the principal national securities exchange on which the Stock is listed or admitted to trading, or, if the Stock is not so listed or admitted to trading, the average of the per share closing bid price and per share closing asked price on such date as quoted on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System Nasdaq or such other market in which such prices are regularly quoted, or, if there have been no published bid or asked quotations with respect to shares on such date, the Fair Market Value shall be the value established by the Board in good faith and in accordance with Section 409A and, in the case of an ISO, Section 422 of the Code. 
 (c) Prohibition on Repricing . Except as provided in Section 8.6, any outstanding Option (i) shall not be repriced (ii) shall not be canceled for the purpose of reissuing the Option to the Participant at a lower exercise price and (iii) in the case of an Option that, at the time of cancellation, has an exercise price that exceeds the Fair Market Value of the underlying share of Stock, shall not be canceled for the purpose of exchanging the Option for any other Award and or cash payment or otherwise be subject to any action that would be treated, under the applicable exchange listing standards or for accounting purposes, as a repricing of such Option, unless such amendment, cancellation, or action is approved by the Company s stockholders. 
 (d) Duration of Options . The latest date on which an Option may be exercised will be the tenth anniversary of the date the Option was granted (five years in the case of an ISO granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder), or such earlier date as may have been specified by the Committee in the Award Agreement at the time the Option was granted. 
 (e) Vesting and Exercise of Options . An Option will become vested and exercisable at such time or times, and on such terms and conditions (including upon meeting pre-established performance goals), as the Committee may specify in the Award Agreement for such Option. The Committee may at any time accelerate the time at which all or any part of the Option may be exercised. 
 (f) Exercise Procedures . Subject to the next following sentence, any exercise of an Option must be in writing, signed by the proper person and delivered or mailed to the Company, accompanied by (i) any documents required by the Committee and (ii) payment in full for the number of shares for which the Option is exercised. The exercise price for any Stock purchased pursuant to the exercise of an Option may, to the extent permitted under the Award Agreement applicable to the Option or otherwise permitted by the Committee, be paid in the following forms (1) cash (2) the transfer, either actually or by attestation, to the Company of shares of Stock that have been held by the Participant for at least six months (or such lesser period as may be permitted by the Committee) prior to the exercise of the Option, such transfer to be upon such terms and conditions as determined by the Committee (3) by a net exercise arrangement, pursuant to which the number of shares of Stock issuable upon exercise of the Option shall be reduced by the largest whole number of shares of Stock having an aggregate Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price (plus tax withholdings, if applicable) provided, however , that the Company shall accept a cash or other payment from the Participant to the extent of any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by such reduction in the number of whole shares of Stock to be issued (4) such other methods as the Committee makes available to Participants from time to time or (5) a combination thereof. In addition, Options may be exercised through a registered broker-dealer pursuant to such cashless exercise procedures which are, from time to time, deemed acceptable by the Committee. Any shares of Stock transferred to the Company as payment of the exercise price under an Option shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the day of exercise of such Option. If requested by the Committee, the Participant shall deliver the Award Agreement to the Secretary of the Company who shall endorse thereon a notation of such exercise and return such Award Agreement to the Participant. No fractional shares of Stock (or cash in lieu thereof) shall be issued upon exercise of an Option, and the number of shares of Stock that may be purchased upon exercise shall be rounded to the nearest number of whole shares. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Section 6.2, if, on the date an outstanding Option would expire (other than due to a termination of Service for Cause (as defined below)), the exercise of the Option, including by a net exercise or cashless exercise, would violate applicable securities laws or any insider trading policy maintained by the Company from time to time, the expiration date applicable to the Option will be extended to a date that is the earlier of (i) thirty (30) calendar days after the date the exercise of the Option would no longer violate applicable securities laws or any such insider trading policy and (ii) the expiration of the original term of the Option. 
 4 

(g) Exercise Limit . To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the date of the grant) of shares of Stock with respect to which ISOs granted under the Plan and incentive stock options (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code) granted under all other plans of the Company or its subsidiaries (in either case determined without regard to this Section 6.2(f)) are exercisable by a Participant for the first time during any calendar year exceeds 100,000, such ISOs shall be treated as Options that are not ISOs. In applying the limitation in the preceding sentence in the case of multiple Options, Options that are intended to be ISOs shall be treated as Options which are not ISOs according to the order in which they were granted, such that the most recently granted Options are first treated as Options that are not ISOs. 
 
 (h) ISO Exercise . An ISO must be exercised, if at all, within three months after the Participant s termination of Service for a reason other than death or Disability and within twelve months after the Participant s termination of Service for death or Disability. For purposes of this Plan, Disability is defined as permanent and total disability within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. 
 6.3. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS. 
 (a) Nature of Stock Appreciation Rights . A stock appreciation right is an Award entitling the recipient to receive upon exercise thereof payment of an amount determined by multiplying the excess of the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date of exercise over the exercise price of the SAR, by the number of shares of Stock with respect to which the SAR is exercised (a SAR ). The payment upon exercise of a SAR may be made in Stock, cash, or a combination of Stock and cash, as specified in the applicable Award Agreement. 
 (b) Exercise Price . The exercise price of a SAR shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in an applicable Award Agreement provided, however , that the exercise price of a SAR shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of a share of the Stock on the date the SAR is granted. 
 (c) Prohibition on Repricing . Except as provided in Section 8.6, any outstanding SAR (i) shall not be repriced (ii) shall not be canceled for the purpose of reissuing the SAR to the Participant at a lower exercise price and (iii) in the case of a SAR that, at the time of cancellation, has an exercise price that exceeds the Fair Market Value of the underlying share of Stock, shall not be canceled for the purpose of exchanging the SAR for any other Award and or cash payment or otherwise be subject to any action that would be treated, under the applicable exchange listing standards or for accounting purposes, as a repricing of such SAR, unless such amendment, cancellation, or action is approved by the Company s stockholders. 
 (d) Duration of SARs . The latest date on which a SAR may be exercised will be the tenth anniversary of the date the SAR was granted, or such earlier date as may have been specified by the Committee in the Award Agreement at the time the SAR was granted. 
 (e) Exercise of SARs . A SAR will become exercisable at such time or times, and on such terms and conditions (including upon meeting pre-established performance goals), as the Committee may specify in the Award Agreement for such SAR. The Committee may at any time accelerate the time at which all or any part of the SAR may be exercised. Any exercise of a SAR must be in writing, signed by the proper person and delivered or mailed to the Company, accompanied by any documents required by the Committee. If requested by the Committee, the Participant shall deliver the Award Agreement to the Secretary of the Company who shall endorse thereon a notation of such exercise and return such Award Agreement to the Participant. No fractional shares of Stock (or cash in lieu thereof) shall be issued upon exercise of a SAR, and the number of shares of Stock that may be acquired upon exercise shall be rounded to the nearest number of whole shares. 
 6.4. PERFORMANCE SHARES AND PERFORMANCE UNITS. 
 (a) Nature of Performance Shares and Performance Units . A performance share is an Award with an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date of grant (a Performance Share ), and a performance unit is an Award with an initial value determined by the Committee on the date of grant (a Performance Unit ), in each case, that entitles the recipient to receive payment upon the attainment of performance goals and other terms and conditions determined by the Committee. Payment of Performance Shares or Performance Units may be made in Stock, cash, or a combination of Stock and cash, as specified in the applicable Award Agreement. 
 (b) Performance Goals . The Committee shall determine the number of Performance Shares or Performance Units, the length of the performance period, and the other terms and conditions of each Award. 
 
 6.5. CASH INCENTIVE AWARDS. 
 (a) Nature of Cash Incentive Awards . A cash incentive award is an Award denominated in cash that entitles the recipient to an amount (payable in cash or a share-based Award as described below) upon the attainment of performance 
 5 

goals and other terms and conditions determined by the Committee, which may include annual performance goals and periods Cash Incentive Award ). A Cash Incentive Award may be satisfied in cash or, if the Committee so determines, by a grant of share-based Awards under the Plan with such terms and conditions as the Committee determines, or a combination of cash or share-based Awards. 
 (b) Performance Goals . The Committee shall determine the amount of the Cash Incentive Award, the length of the performance period, and the terms and conditions of each Cash Incentive Award, including the form of payment. 
 6.6. OTHER-STOCK BASED AWARDS. 
 An Other Stock-Based Award is an Award that is not Restricted Stock, an RSU, an Option, a SAR, a Performance Share, a Performance Unit, or a Cash Incentive Award, but that is either a share of Stock valued in whole or in part by reference to, or are otherwise based upon, Stock, including, without limitation, unrestricted stock and convertible debentures. 
 6.7. SUBSTITUTE AWARDS. 
 (a) In connection with any acquisition by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, the Committee may grant Awards to persons who became Employees, Directors or Advisors in connection with such acquisition in substitution for equity incentives held by them in the seller or acquired entity. In such case the Committee may set the prices and other terms of the substitute Awards at such amounts and in such manner as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate and equitable or otherwise to provide such incentives as the Committee may determine are appropriate. 
 (b) Unless required by applicable law, any substitute Awards granted pursuant to Section 6.7 shall not count toward the share limitation set forth in Section 4(b). 
 7. EVENTS AFFECTING OUTSTANDING AWARDS 
 7.1. TERMINATION OF SERVICE. 
 Unless otherwise set forth in an Award Agreement, an Award shall immediately terminate on the date a Participant s Service terminates, and (a) any Options or SARs held by a Participant shall not be exercisable and all rights of the Participant with respect thereto shall immediately terminate, (b) any shares of Restricted Stock or RSUs with respect to which the restrictions have not lapsed shall be immediately forfeited, and (c) any Performance Shares, Performance Units or Cash Incentive Awards shall be immediately forfeited. 
 7.2. TERMINATION OF AWARD. 
 The Company may terminate, cancel, rescind, recover, or revoke an Award immediately under certain circumstances, including, but not limited to a Participant s 
 (a) actions constituting Cause , which shall have the meaning provided under an employment, consulting or other agreement, including an Award Agreement, between a Participant and the Company, or if there is no such meaning provided under such agreement or no such agreement, shall include, but not be limited to, the (i) conviction of or entering a plea of guilty or nolo contendere with respect to a crime, whether or not connected with the Company (ii) commission of any act of fraud with respect to the Company (iii) theft, embezzlement or misappropriation of any property of the Company (iv) excessive absenteeism (other than as resulting from Disability) (v) failure to observe or comply with any Company work rules, policies, procedures, guidelines or standards of conduct which the Company has adopted for the regulation of the general conduct of its employees, as generally known to the employees of the Company or evidenced by the terms of any employee handbook, written memorandums or written policy statements (vi) continued willful refusal to carry out and perform the material duties and responsibilities of a Participant s position, excluding nonperformance resulting from Disability or (vii) any other conduct or act determined to be injurious, detrimental or prejudicial to any interest of the Company (in each case as determined in good faith by the Company) 
 (b) rendering of services for a competitor prior to, or within six (6) months after, the exercise of any Option or SAR or the termination of Participant s Service with the Company 
 (c) unauthorized disclosure of any confidential proprietary information of the Company to any third party 
 (d) failure to comply with the Company s policies regarding the identification, disclosure and protection of intellectual property 
 6 

(e) violation of the Proprietary Rights Agreement CMC Materials, Inc. Employee Confidentiality, Intellectual Property and Non-Competition Agreement for Employees signed by the Participant (or any predecessor agreement thereto) or 
 (f) violation of the CMC Materials, Inc. Code of Business Conduct (or any predecessor Company policy thereto), including those provisions related to financial reporting. 
 The existence of any such circumstances shall be determined in good faith by the Company. 
 In the event of any termination, cancellation, rescission, recovery, or revocation, the Participant shall return to the Company any Stock received pursuant to an Award, or pay to the Company the amount of any gain realized on the sale of any such Stock, in such manner and on such terms and conditions as may be required, and the Company shall be entitled to set off against the amount of any such gain any amount owed to the Participant by the Company. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 7.2 shall not be applicable to any Participant following a Change in Control, other than to the extent the applicable Award Agreement or other terms governing an individual Award provide for forfeiture or termination upon a Participant s termination of Service for Cause. Notwithstanding anything else contained herein, following a Change in Control, any determination by the Committee as to whether Cause exists shall be subject to de novo review. 
 7.3. CHANGE IN CONTROL. Unless otherwise set forth in an Award Agreement or another written agreement between the Company or a subsidiary on the one hand, and a Participant on the other hand, in the event of a Change in Control, the following provisions will apply 
 (a) the Committee may provide that any or all outstanding Awards shall be assumed and continued or an equivalent award substituted by the Company s successor or a parent or subsidiary of such successor in connection with such Change in Control transaction provided , however , that if within two (2) years following such Change in Control, a Participant s employment is terminated by the Company or its successor without Cause or the Participant resigns for Good Reason, to the extent that the Participant is subject to written agreement with the Company or a subsidiary that contains a Good Reason definition, any Awards not previously vested shall immediately become vested and or exercisable (and any applicable performance goals shall be deemed achieved at the greater of (x) target or (y) actual performance through the date of such termination) and 
 (b) with respect to such outstanding Awards that are not assumed and continued or an equivalent award is not substituted by the Company s successor or a parent or subsidiary of such successor in connection with such Change in Control transaction, then any such Awards that have not previously vested shall immediately become vested and or exercisable (and any applicable performance goals shall be deemed achieved at the greater of (x) target or (y) actual performance through the date of such Change in Control). 
 
 8. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 8.1. DOCUMENTATION OF AWARDS. 
 Awards may be evidenced by written or electronic instruments prescribed by the Committee from time to time (each such instrument, an Award Agreement ). Award Agreements may be in the form of agreements, to be executed by both the Participant and the Company, or certificates, letters or similar instruments, and may be provided in electronic form, acceptance of which will evidence agreement to the terms thereof and hereof. 
 8.2. RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS. 
 (a) Rights as Stockholder . Except as specifically provided by the Plan or an Award Agreement, the receipt of an Award will not give a Participant rights as a stockholder, and the Participant will obtain such rights, subject to any limitations imposed by the Plan or the Award Agreement, only upon actual receipt of Stock. 
 7 

(b) Dividend Equivalents . The Committee may, on such conditions as it deems appropriate, provide in an Award Agreement that a Participant will receive a benefit in lieu of cash dividends that would have been payable on any or all Stock subject to the Participant s Award had such Stock been outstanding. Without limitation, the Committee may provide for payment to the Participant of amounts representing dividends on such Award (other than Options and SARS) (such amounts, Dividend Equivalents ), either currently or in the future, or for the investment of such amounts on behalf of the Participant (including in the form of additional Awards of the same type as the underlying Award giving rise to the Dividend Equivalent) provided that the Committee shall design such payment to be exempt from or, in the alternative, to comply with, Section 409A. Any Dividend Equivalents credited with respect to any Award shall be subject to the same time and or performance-based vesting conditions applicable to such Award and in such case shall, if vested, be delivered or paid at the same time as such Award is delivered or paid (or forfeited at the same time as such Award is forfeited). To the extent provided in an Award Agreement, reinvestment of dividend payments in additional Awards at the time of any dividend payment shall only be permissible if sufficient shares of Stock are available under Section 4(b) for such reinvestment (taking into account then-outstanding Awards). If sufficient shares of Stock are not available for such reinvestment, such reinvestment shall be made in the form of a grant of RSUs equal in number to the shares of Stock that would have been obtained by such reinvestment, the terms of which RSUs shall provide for settlement in cash and for Dividend Equivalent reinvestment in further RSUs on the terms contemplated by this Section 8.2(b). 
 8.3. CONDITIONS ON DELIVERY OF STOCK. 
 The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Stock, whether by electronic book entry or in certificate form, pursuant to the Plan or to remove any restriction from shares of Stock previously delivered under the Plan (a) until all conditions of the Award have been satisfied or removed, (b) until, in the opinion of the Company s counsel, all applicable federal and state laws and regulations have been complied with, (c) if the outstanding Stock is at the time listed on any stock exchange, until the shares to be delivered have been listed or authorized to be listed on such exchange upon official notice of notice of issuance and (d) until all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares have been approved by the Company s counsel. If the sale of Stock has not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Company may require, as a condition to exercise of the Award, such representations or agreements as counsel for the Company may consider appropriate to avoid violation of such Act and may require that the certificates evidencing such Stock bear an appropriate legend restricting transfer. 
 8.4. TAX WITHHOLDING. 
 (a) The Company may withhold from any payment made pursuant to an Award an amount as may be necessary and sufficient to satisfy all federal, state, local, and other applicable tax withholding requirements (the Withholding Requirements ). 
 (b) The Committee will have the right to require that the Participant or other appropriate person remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy the Withholding Requirements, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Committee with regard to such requirements, prior to the delivery of any Stock. If and to the extent that any such withholding is required, the Committee may permit the Participant or such other person to elect at such time and in such manner as the Committee provides to have the Company hold back from the shares to be delivered, or to deliver to the Company, Stock having a value calculated to satisfy the Withholding Requirements provided, however , unless otherwise set forth in an Award Agreement or subsequently determined by the Committee, with respect to a Participant subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the withholding of Shares by the Company or any of its Affiliates to satisfy tax, exercise price or other withholding obligations in respect of an Award shall be mandatory. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, permit a Participant to satisfy the Withholding Requirements by tendering shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld or such other greater amount up to the maximum statutory rate under applicable law, as applicable to such Participant, if such other greater amount would not result in adverse financial accounting treatment, as determined by the Committee (including in connection with the effectiveness of FASB Accounting Standards Update 2016-09). 
 (c) With respect to the exercise of ISOs, the Committee may require as a condition of exercise that the person exercising the ISO agree (i) to inform the Company promptly of any disposition of Stock received upon exercise of the ISO, and (ii) if the Company determines that it could be liable for Withholding Requirements with respect to a disposition of the Stock received upon exercise, to give such security as the Committee deems adequate to meet the potential liability of the Company for the Withholding Requirements and to augment such security from time to time in any amount reasonably deemed necessary by the Committee to preserve the adequacy of such security. 
 8 

8.5. NONTRANSFERABILITY OF AWARDS. 
 No Award shall be transferable by a Participant otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or, except in the case of an ISO, pursuant to a domestic relations order (within the meaning of Rule 16a-12 promulgated under the Exchange Act), and an Option or SAR shall be exercisable during the lifetime of such Participant only by such Participant or such Participant s executor or administrator or by the person or persons to whom the Option or SAR is transferred by will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution (such person, the Participant s Legal Representative ). Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, the Committee may in a manner consistent with applicable law set forth in an Award Agreement evidencing an Award (other than an ISO), or may otherwise provide, that the Award may be transferred to members of the Participant s immediate family, to trusts solely for the benefit of such immediate family members and to partnerships in which such family members and or trusts are the only partners, and for purposes of this Plan, such a transferee of an Award shall be deemed to be the Participant. For this purpose, immediate family shall refer only to the Participant s spouse, parents, children, stepchildren and grandchildren and the spouses of such parents, children, stepchildren and grandchildren. The terms of an Award shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the beneficiaries, executors, administrators, heirs and successors of the Participant. 
 8.6. ADJUSTMENTS IN THE EVENT OF CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS. 
 In the event of a merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or shares, stock rights offering, liquidation, disaffiliation of a subsidiary or affiliate, or similar event affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries (each, a Corporate Transaction ), the Committee or the Board may in its discretion make such substitutions or adjustments as it deems appropriate and equitable to (i) the aggregate number and kind of shares of Stock or other securities reserved for issuance and delivery under the Plan, (ii) the various maximum limitations set forth in Section 4 upon certain types of Awards and upon the grants to individuals of certain types of Awards, (iii) the number and kind of shares of Stock or other securities subject to outstanding Awards and (iv) the exercise price of outstanding Options and SARs. In the event of a stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, separation, spinoff, reorganization, extra-ordinary dividend of cash or other property, share combination, or recapitalization or similar event affecting the capital structure of the Company (each, a Share Change ), the Committee or the Board shall make such substitutions or adjustments as it deems appropriate and equitable to (A) the aggregate number and kind of shares of Stock or other securities reserved for issuance and delivery under the Plan, (B) the various maximum limitations set forth in Section 4 upon certain types of Awards and upon the grants to individuals of certain types of Awards, (C) the number and kind of shares of Stock or other securities subject to outstanding Awards and (D) the exercise price of outstanding Options and SARs. In the case of Corporate Transactions, such adjustments may include, without limitation, (1) the cancellation of outstanding Awards in exchange for payments of cash, property or a combination thereof having an aggregate value equal to the value of such Awards, as determined by the Committee or the Board in its sole discretion (it being understood that in the case of a Corporate Transaction with respect to which stockholders of Stock receive consideration other than publicly traded equity securities of the ultimate surviving entity, any such determination by the Committee that the value of an Option or SAR shall for this purpose be deemed to equal the excess, if any, of the value of the consideration being paid for each share of Stock pursuant to such Corporate Transaction over the exercise price of such Option or SAR shall conclusively be deemed valid) provided , that in the event of the cancellation of such Awards pursuant to this clause (1), the Awards shall vest in full immediately prior to the consummation of such Corporate Transaction (2) the substitution of other property (including, without limitation, cash or other securities of the Company and securities of entities other than the Company) for the shares of Stock subject to outstanding Awards and (3) in connection with any disaffiliation of a subsidiary or affiliate, arranging for the assumption of Awards, or replacement of Awards with new awards based on other property or other securities (including, without limitation, other securities of the Company and securities of entities other than the Company), by the affected subsidiary, affiliate, or division or by the entity that controls such subsidiary, affiliate, or division following such disaffiliation of a subsidiary or affiliate (as well as any corresponding adjustments to Awards that remain based upon Company securities). 
 8.7. PARTICIPANT S RIGHTS. 
 Neither the adoption of the Plan nor the grant of Awards will confer upon any person any right to continued employment or Service with the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate or affect in any way the right of the Company any subsidiary or affiliate to terminate an employment or Service relationship at any time. 
 8.8. SUCCESSORS. 
 All obligations of the Company under the Plan or any Award Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of the successor results from a direct or indirect purchase of all or substantially all of the Company s shares, or a merger, consolidation, or otherwise. 
 9 

8.9. SEVERABILITY. 
 If any provision of the Plan is held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity will not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan will be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. 
 8.10. REQUIREMENTS OF LAW. 
 The granting of Awards and the issuance of Share and or cash payouts under the Plan will be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to any approvals by governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. 
 8.11. SECURITIES LAW COMPLIANCE. 
 As to any individual who is, on the relevant date, an officer, director or ten percent beneficial owner of any class of the Company s equity securities that is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act, all as defined under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, transactions under this Plan are intended to comply with all applicable conditions of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, or any successor rule. To the extent any provision of the Plan or action by the Board fails to so comply, it will be deemed null and void, to the extent permitted by law and deemed advisable by the Board. 
 8.12. AWARDS TO FOREIGN NATIONALS AND EMPLOYEES OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
 To the extent the Board deems it necessary, appropriate or desirable to comply with foreign law or practice and to further the purposes of this Plan, the Board may, without amending the Plan, (i) establish rules applicable to Awards granted to Participants who are foreign nationals, are employed or providing Service outside the United States, or both, including rules that differ from those set forth in this Plan, and (ii) grant Awards to such Participants in accordance with those rules that would require the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. 
 8.13. GOVERNING LAW. 
 To the extent not preempted by federal law, the Plan and all agreements hereunder will be construed and enforced in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its conflicts of laws principles that would require the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. All references to statutory provisions and related regulatory provisions used herein shall include any similar or successor provisions. The jurisdiction and venue for any disputes arising under, or any action brought to enforce (or otherwise relating to), this Plan shall be exclusively in the courts in the State of Illinois, County of Cook, including the Federal Courts located therein (should Federal jurisdiction exist). 
 8.14. SECTION 409A COMPLIANCE. 
 (a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, all Awards made under this Plan are intended to be exempt from or, in the alternative, comply with, Section 409A and the interpretive guidance thereunder, including the exceptions for stock rights and short-term deferrals. The Plan shall be construed, administered and interpreted in accordance with such intent. Each payment under an Award shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. With respect to a Cash Incentive Award, the cash portion will be paid, and the grant of any portion payable as a share-based Award will be awarded, not later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the applicable performance period ended. In no event may a Participant, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under any Award that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code. 
 (b) If a Participant is a specified employee (as such term is defined for purposes of Section 409A) at the time of his or her termination of Service, no amount that is nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A and that becomes payable by reason of such termination of Service shall be paid to the Participant (or in the event of the Participant s death, the Participant s representative or estate) before the earlier of (i) the first business day after the date that is six months following the date of the Participant s termination of Service, and (ii) within 30 days following the date of the Participant s death. For purposes of Section 409A, a termination of Service shall be deemed to occur only if it is a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, and references in the Plan and any Award Agreement to termination of Service or similar terms shall mean a separation from service. If any Award is or becomes subject to Section 409A, unless the applicable Award Agreement provides otherwise, such Award shall be payable upon the Participant s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 10 

(c) With respect to any Award that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A, a Change in Control shall not constitute a settlement or distribution event with respect to such Award, or an event that otherwise changes the timing of settlement or distribution of such Award, unless the Change in Control also constitutes an event described in Section 409A(a)(2)(v) of the Code and the regulations thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, the preceding sentence shall have no bearing on whether an Award vests pursuant to the terms of the Plan or the applicable Award. 
 (d) Any adjustments made pursuant to Section 8.6 to Awards that are subject to Section 409A shall be made in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, and any adjustments made pursuant to Section 8.6 to Awards that are not subject to Section 409A shall be made in such a manner as to ensure that after such adjustment, the Awards either (i) continue not to be subject to Section 409A or (ii) comply with the requirements of Section 409A. 
 8.15. ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION. 
 All Awards shall be subject to any incentive compensation recoupment or clawback policy established and amended from time to time by the Company, including any such policy established to comply with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or as determined by the Company from time to time to comport with good corporate governance practices. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to applicable law, this Section 8.15 shall not be applicable to any Participant following a Change in Control. 
 8.16. UNFUNDED PLAN. 
 It is presently intended that the Plan shall be unfunded. Except for reserving a sufficient number of authorized shares of Stock, to the extent required by law to meet the requirements of the Plan, the Company shall not be required to establish any special or separate fund or to make any other segregation of assets to assure the delivery of shares of Stock relating to Awards granted pursuant to the Plan. 
 9. DISCONTINUANCE, CANCELLATION, AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 (a) The Committee may at any time discontinue granting Awards under the Plan. The Board or the Committee may at any time or times amend the Plan or any outstanding Award provided that no such amendment (other than an amendment made to comply with applicable law, including without limitation Section 409A, stock exchange listing standards or accounting rules) would materially and adversely affect the rights of a Participant with respect to a previously granted Award without such Participant s consent. The Committee may at any time terminate the Plan as to any further grants of Awards. Except to the extent expressly required or permitted by the Plan, no amendment to the Plan or any outstanding Award will, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, (a) increase the maximum number of shares available under the Plan, (b) extend the time within which Awards may be granted under the Plan, (c) permit the Company to reprice any outstanding Option or SAR under the Plan, (d) otherwise effect an action that would require stockholder approval under applicable law or the listing standards of Nasdaq or (e) amend the provisions of this Section 9, and no amendment or termination of the Plan may materially and adversely affect the rights of any Participant (without his or her consent) under any Award previously granted. 
 (b) Subject to the immediately preceding paragraph, the Committee, to the extent it deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, reserves the right, but shall not be required, to unilaterally amend or modify the Plan and any Award granted under the Plan so that the Award qualifies for exemption from or complies with Section 409A provided, however , that the Committee makes no representations that Awards granted under the Plan shall be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A or additional tax, interest or penalties thereunder from applying to Awards granted under the Plan. 
 
 11 

APPENDIX A TO 2021 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 A Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if 
 (a) any person as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the 1934 Act (a Person (other than (i) the Company, (ii) any subsidiary of the Company, (iii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of any subsidiary of the Company, or (iv) any company owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company), is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act), together with all Affiliates and Associates (as such terms are used in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the 1934 Act) of such person, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing thirty percent (30 or more of either (1) the then outstanding shares of Stock of the Company (the Outstanding Company Common Stock or (2) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities provided that this paragraph shall not apply to an acquisition directly from the Company or to an acquisition incident to a Business Combination that satisfies exceptions (i) through - (iii) of paragraph (b) below 
 (b) the consummation of a reorganization, merger, statutory share exchange or consolidation or similar transaction involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company ,or the acquisition of assets or securities of another entity by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (a Business Combination ), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination, (i) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than sixty percent (60 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock (or, for a noncorporate entity, equivalent securities) and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (or, for a noncorporate entity, equivalent securities), as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Business Combination (including an entity that, as a result of such transaction, owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be (ii) no Person (excluding any entity resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such entity resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, thirty percent (30 or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock (or, for a noncorporate entity, equivalent securities) of the entity resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such entity except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination and (iii) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors (or, for a noncorporate entity, equivalent body or committee) of the entity resulting from such Business Combination were Incumbent Directors (as defined below) at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination 
 (c) during any period of two consecutive years from and after the Effective Date), individuals who as of the Effective Date constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a director designated by a person who has conducted or threatened a proxy contest, or has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this definition) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2 3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved (such directors, Incumbent Directors cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof or 
 (d) the sale or disposition by the Company of all of substantially all of the assets of the Company or the complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

12 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.19>
 4
 ccmp-20210930xex1019.htm
 EX-10.19

Document 

CMC Materials, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement 202 x Deposit Share Award 
 
 Employee Name 
 Employee Address 
 City, State ZIP 
 
 Dear FIRST NAME 
 
 I am pleased to inform you (the Participant that the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee of CMC Materials Inc. (the Company has approved your participation in the CMC Materials, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan as a means of allowing you to participate in the success of the Company through ownership of Company common stock Stock ). An award the Award of shares of restricted stock Restricted Stock) is hereby awarded to you pursuant to the terms of the Plan, the 202 x Deposit Share Agreement, and this Restricted Stock Award Agreement (the Agreement ). A copy of the Plan can be electronically accessed through the CMC Global Intranet. 
 
 Participant Name 
 ID Number 
 Type of Award Number of Shares of Restricted Stock Awarded Fair Market Value of Shares of Restricted Stock on Award Date 
 Name 
 xxx-xx-xxxx 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 _ calculated from Elected Bonus Amount and FMV _ Deposit Shares 
 
 _ 50 of D.S. _ Award Shares 
 
 FMV closing price on 12 y 2 z 
 Award Date Dates Restrictions on Shares Lapse Award Number 
 December y , 202 z 
 Deposit Shares 
 December y , 202 z 
 
 Award Shares 
 December y , 202 z+3 
 
 xxxxx 

This Agreement provides the Participant with the terms of the Award granted to the Participant. The terms specified in this Agreement are governed by the provisions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. The Committee has the exclusive authority to interpret and apply the Plan and this Agreement. Any interpretation of the Agreement by the Committee and any decision made by it with respect to the Agreement are final and binding on all persons. To the extent that there is any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. Capitalized terms used herein will have the same meaning as under the Deposit Share Agreement and the Plan, unless stated otherwise. 
 
 In consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, it is agreed by and between the Company and the Participant, as follows 

1. Share Deposit . As per the terms of the Deposit Share Agreement, the Participant has given bonus income for Deposit Shares awarded under this Agreement. The Participant has effectively deposited with the Company _ number of Deposit Shares ______ shares of Stock (the Deposit Shares 

pursuant to the Deposit Share Agreement. The Deposit Shares are unrestricted, vested and fully transferable as of December y , 202 z . The Deposit Shares will be returned on the Distribution Date, which is December y , 202 z . 
 
 2. Award and Restriction Lapse . The Participant has been awarded number of Award Shares, which is 50 of number of Deposit Shares _______ Award Shares, the restrictions on which will lapse, and which will become unrestricted, vested and fully transferable on December y , 202 z+3 , assuming the Deposit Shares have remained on deposit with the Company through December y , 202 z+3 . All restrictions on Award Shares will lapse, and they will become unrestricted, vested and fully transferable, and all Deposit Shares and Award Shares distributed in the event of death, Disability or a Change in Control. 
 
 For purposes hereof, Disability shall have the meaning provided under (a) first, an employment agreement between the Participant and the Company (b) second, if no such employment agreement exists, the terms of the Plan. In addition, for purposes of this Agreement, the Participant s date of termination of Service (for any reason other than death or Disability) shall be the earlier of (i) the date on which the Participant ceases to render Service to or be employed by the Company, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion (ii) the date on which the Company first provides notice of termination of Service or (iii) the first date of any statutory notice period provided under local law. 
 
 3. Award Forfeiture . In the event the Participant terminates service for any reason other than death, Disability or a Change in Control, or withdraws the Deposit Shares prior to December y , 202 z , the Award of the Award Shares will terminate, the Award Shares will be forfeited, and the Deposit Shares will be returned to the Participant. 
 
 4. Termination Cancellation Rescission Recovery Revocation . The Company may terminate, cancel, rescind, recover, or revoke the Award immediately under certain circumstances, including, but not limited to, the Participant s 
 (a) actions constituting Cause, as defined in the Plan, or the Company s By-laws or Certificate of Incorporation, and as otherwise enforceable under local law, as applicable 
 (b) rendering of services for a competitor prior to, or within six (6) months after, the exercise of any Award or the termination of Participant s Service with the Company 
 (c) unauthorized disclosure of any confidential proprietary information of the Company to any third party 
 (d) failure to comply with the Company s policies regarding the identification, disclosure and protection of intellectual property 
 (e) violation of the Company s Employee Confidentiality, Intellectual Property and Non-Competition Agreement or similar agreement signed by the Participant or, 
 (f) violation of the Company s Code of Business Conduct, including those provisions related to financial reporting. 
 In the event of any such termination, cancellation, rescission, recovery, or revocation, the Participant must return any Award Shares obtained by the Participant pursuant to the Award, or pay to the Company the amount of any gain realized on the sale of such Stock, and the Company shall be entitled to set off against the amount of any such gain any amount owed to the Participant by the Company. To the extent applicable, the Company will refund to the Participant any amount paid for such Stock, including any withholding requirements. 
 
 5. Rights and Restrictions Governing Restricted Stock . As of the Award Date, one or more certificates representing the appropriate number of shares of Restricted Stock granted to the Participant shall be registered in the Participant s name but shall be held by the Company for the Participant s account. The Participant shall have all rights of a stockholder as to such shares of Restricted Stock 

(including, to the extent applicable, the right to receive dividends and to vote), subject to the following restrictions (a) the Participant has executed a valid stock power on behalf of the Company for such Restricted Stock (b) the Participant shall be entitled to delivery of certificates representing shares of Stock when restrictions lapse and (c) none of the shares of Restricted Stock may be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until the restrictions have lapsed, except as provided in Section 9. 
 
 6. Delivery of Restricted Stock . As soon as reasonably practicable following the date on which restrictions lapse, one or more stock certificates for the appropriate number of shares of Stock, free of the restrictions set forth in the Agreement, shall be delivered to the Participant or such shares shall be credited to a brokerage account if the Participant so directs provided however, that such certificates shall bear such legends as the Committee, in its sole discretion, may determine to be necessary or advisable in order to comply with applicable federal and state securities laws. 
 7. Tax Treatment . The Participant will generally be taxed on the difference between any purchase price and the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the date the restrictions lapse. This income will be taxed as ordinary income and subject to income and FICA withholding taxes. The Company is required to withhold and remit these taxes to the appropriate tax authorities. The Participant will be required to provide the Company with an amount of cash sufficient to satisfy the Participant s tax withholding obligations or to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company with regard to such taxes. The income will be reported to the Participant as part of the Participant s employment compensation on the Participant s annual earnings statement Form W-2. 
 
 The Participant may elect to make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code to have any ordinary income amount taxed currently, before any restrictions lapse. This election must be filed within thirty (30) days of the Award Date. Attached hereto is a form of election for this purpose. 
 Under current law, if the Participant sells the Stock acquired under the Award, a long-term or short-term capital gain or loss will result depending on (a) the holding period for the shares, and (b) the difference between the Fair Market Value of the shares at the time of the sale and the Participant s tax basis in the shares. The holding period is determined from the date the restrictions lapse. Under current law the capital gain or loss is long term if the property is held for more than one (1) year, and short term of the property is held for less than one year. The tax basis of the shares is the sum of (i) any purchase price paid for the shares, and (ii) the ordinary income, if any, determined by the difference between the Fair Market Value of the shares when the restrictions lapse or an 83(b) election is made, and any purchase price. 
 EACH PARTICIPANT IS URGED TO CONSULT WITH HIS OR HER OWN TAX ADVISOR TO DETERMINE THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF FEDERAL, LOCAL AND OTHER TAX LAWS. 
 
 8. Tax Withholding . All deliveries and distributions under this Agreement are subject to withholding of all applicable taxes. The various methods and manner by which tax withholding may be satisfied are set forth in the Plan. If the Participant is subject to Section 16 (an Insider ), of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), any surrender of previously owned shares to satisfy tax withholding obligations arising under an Award must comply with the requirements of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act Rule 16b-3 and other relevant law rules and regulations and Company guidelines. 
 
 9. Transferability . Shares of Restricted Stock are not transferable other than (a) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (b) pursuant to a domestic relations order or (c) to members of the Participant s immediate family, to trusts solely for the benefit of such immediate family members or to partnerships in which family members and or trusts are the only partners, all as provided under the terms 

of the Plan. After any such transfer, shares of Restricted Stock shall remain subject to the terms of the Plan. 
 
 10. Adjustment of Shares . In the event of any transaction that is a Share Change or a Corporate Transaction, each as described in Section 8.6 of the Plan, the terms of this Award (including, without limitation, the number and kind of shares subject to this Award) shall or may be adjusted, as applicable, as set forth in Section 8.6 of the Plan. 
 
 11. Severability . In the event that any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction for any reason, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 
 12. Waiver . Failure to insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the Plan shall not be deemed a waiver of such term or condition. 
 
 13. Purpose of Award Not an Employment Contract. This Award is intended to promote goodwill between the Participant and the Company and shall not be considered as salary or other remuneration for any employment or other services the Participant may perform for the Company or any of its affiliates. The Award does not confer any contractual or other rights of employment or service with the Company. Benefits granted under the Plan shall not be considered as part of the Participant s salary in the event of severance, redundancy or resignation. The Award shall also not be construed as creating any right on the part of Participant to receive any additional benefits including awards in the future, it being expressly understood and agreed that any future awards shall be made solely at the discretion of the Company. 
 
 14. Notices . Except as provided in Section 15, any notices provided for in this Agreement or the Plan must be in writing and hand delivered, sent by fax or overnight courier, or by postage paid first class mail. Notices are to be sent to the Participant at the address indicated by the Company s records and to the Company at its principal executive office. 

15. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the shares of Restricted Stock or other awards granted to the Participant under the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 16. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed in its name and on its behalf, all as of the Award Date. 
 
 CMC MATERIALS, INC. signature name President and Chief Executive Officer 

CMC Materials, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement 202 z Deposit Share Award 
 
 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND RECEIPT 

PARTICIPANT 
 
 Type of Award 

Number of Shares of Restricted Stock Awarded 
 
 Fair Market Value of Restricted Shares on Award Date 
 
 Participant ID Number 

Name 
 Restricted Stock _ calculated from Elected Bonus Amount and FMV _ Deposit Shares 
 
 _ 50 of D.S. _ Award Shares 
 FMV on 12 y z Award Date Dates Restrictions on Shares Lapse Award Number December y , 202 z Deposit Shares 
 December y , 202 z 
 
 Award Shares 
 December y , 202 z+3 

I hereby acknowledge receipt of the Restricted Stock Award (the Award issued to me by CMC Materials, Inc. (the Company on the date shown above, which has been granted under and is governed by the terms and conditions of the CMC Materials, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, the Deposit Share Agreement dated _____________________ (the Deposit Share Agreement ), and the Award Agreement dated December y , 202 z . I further acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Plan, certify that I am in conformance with and agree to conform to all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Deposit Share Agreement and the Plan, including giving explicit consent to the Company to transfer personal data related to the Plan administration outside of the country in which I am employed and to the United States. 
 
 According to the terms and conditions of the Award, the Award Shares awarded pursuant to it are scheduled to vest (lapse of restrictions) upon the three year anniversary of the Award. When such Award Shares vest, pursuant to the terms of the Plan, and as with the Deposit Shares, you will be free to hold these shares, or to sell, pledge, or give gifts of them, subject, of course, to the Company s policy on trading in CMC Materials, Inc. stock as set forth in the Company s Insider Trading Policy and Trading Guidelines for Directors, Officers and Other Key Employees and the requirements of the federal securities laws. 
 Unless you make an 83(b) election to satisfy your tax obligations on Award Shares pursuant to the Award (see attached), the Company will be required at vesting to withhold the minimum federal, state and FICA taxes, on the total value of your Award Shares upon vesting. I acknowledge that at vesting, the Company will withhold cash or shares that would otherwise be distributable to me upon vesting of the RSUs in an amount sufficient to satisfy the applicable federal, state and FICA taxes on the total value of my Award upon vesting. However, if determined by the Company in its discretion, the Company may require me to satisfy such withholding requirements in any other manner set forth in Section 8.4 of the Plan. The value of the shares upon vesting will be based on the closing price of the Company stock (as reported on NASDAQ) as of the vesting date. 
 I further acknowledge that I have received a copy of the prospectus for the Plan. I hereby consent to receiving all future prospectuses for the remainder of my Service to the Company through the Company's intranet website. I am aware that I may withdraw my consent to receive future prospectuses from the 

Company's intranet website at any time and upon such withdrawal will be entitled to a paper copy of any future prospectus deliveries. 

Signature _______________________________ Date ___________________ 

Please return one original signed Acknowledgement and Receipt by January a , 202 z+1 to 
 
 name 
 Title 
 Email 
 
 Please keep a copy of this signed Acknowledgement and Receipt, and the Agreement, for your own records. If you have any questions, please contact HR contact . 

CONSENT OF SPOUSE 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement 
 
 I, ____________________, spouse of Participant , have read and approve the Restricted Stock Award Agreement dated December y , 202 z (the Agreement ). In consideration of granting of the right to my spouse to receive or purchase shares of stock of CMC Materials, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as set forth in the Agreement, I hereby appoint my spouse as my attorney-in-fact with respect to the exercise of any rights under the Agreement and agree to be bound by the provisions of the Agreement insofar as I may have any rights in said Agreement or any shares issued pursuant thereto under the community property laws or similar laws relating to marital property in effect in the state of our residence as of the date of the signing of the foregoing Agreement. 
 
 Signature_____________________________________ 
 
 Date ___________________ 
 
 Name (Print) ___________________________________ 

Please return one copy of a signed Consent of Spouse (if applicable) form to the Company s Human Resources Department by January a , 202 z+1 . 

ATTACHMENT A 
 ELECTION UNDER SECTION 83(b) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 
 
 The undersigned taxpayer hereby elects, pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, to include in its gross income for the taxable year ending December 31, 202 z , the amount of any compensation taxable to it in connection with its receipt of the property described below 
 1. The name, address and taxpayer identification number of the undersigned taxpayer are as follows 
 NAME 
 ADDRESS 
 TAXPAYER I.D. NUMBER 
 2. The property with respect to which the election is made is described as follows _________________________________ shares of common stock of CMC Materials, Inc. (the Company ). 
 3. The date on which the property was transferred and the taxable year for which this election is made are as follows 
 
 4. The property is subject to the following restrictions 
 The property is subject to forfeiture conditions in favor of the Company, which lapse incrementally if the taxpayer provides services to the Company over a period of years. 
 5. The fair market value at the time of transfer, determined without regard to any restriction other than a restriction which by its terms will never lapse, of such property is 
 
 6. The amount paid for such property is 
 
 The undersigned has submitted a copy of this statement to the person for whom the services will be performed in connection with the undersigned s receipt of the above-described property. The transferee of such property is the person performing the services in connection with the transfer of said property. 
 The undersigned understands that the foregoing election may not be revoked except with the consent of the Commissioner. 
 
 Print Name ________________________________ Sign Name ________________________________ Dated ____________________________________ 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.21>
 5
 ccmp-20210930xex1021.htm
 EX-10.21

Document 

CMC Materials, Inc. 
 SHORT TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM 
 ARTICLE I. GENERAL 
 Section 1.1. Purpose . CMC Materials, Inc. (the Corporation maintains the CMC Materials Short Term Incentive Program, which operates pursuant to, and according to the terms of, the CMC Materials, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan OIP ), (the Program to benefit and advance the interests of the Corporation by providing to the Corporation's employees performance-based cash incentives Bonuses that are based upon the achievement of financial, business and other performance goals. Any Bonuses pursuant to the Program are Awards under the OIP. 
 Section 1.2. Administration of the Program . The Compensation Committee of the Corporation's Board of Directors (the Committee shall administer the Program. The Committee may adopt such rules as it deems appropriate in order to carry out the purpose of the Program. Questions of interpretation, administration and application of the Program shall be determined by the Committee. The Committee may authorize any one or more of its members, or any officer of the Corporation, to execute and deliver documents on behalf of the Committee with respect to the Program. The determinations of the Committee shall be final and binding in all matters relating to the Program. The Committee shall have authority to determine the terms and conditions of Bonuses. With the exception of any determination or payment of any Bonus to any Executive Officer of the Corporation (as defined by relevant Securities and Exchange Commission regulations), the Committee may delegate some or all of its authority under the Program to the Chief Executive Officer or other officers. 
 Section 1.3. Eligible Persons . Bonuses may be granted to employees of the Corporation. The Committee or, if applicable, its delegate(s) shall determine the employees who are eligible to participate in the Program Participants ). An individual shall not be deemed an employee for purposes of the Program unless such individual is classified and receives compensation from the Corporation for services performed as an employee of the Corporation. 
 ARTICLE II. BONUSES 
 Section 2.1. Bonuses . The Committee may grant annual Bonuses to employees subject to the provisions of the Program. 
 Section 2.2. Terms of Bonuses . The Committee or, if applicable, its delegate(s) shall (i) establish for the relevant period of the Program Performance Period the applicable performance goals and objectives Performance Objectives for the Corporation and each Participant, and the particular allocation to each such Performance Objective, and (ii) establish target bonuses for each Participant, which shall equal a percentage of the Participant's base salary. In general, for the Program, the Performance Period is the Corporation's fiscal year (October 1 September 30). Performance Objectives under the Program may include, but shall not be limited to, various financial, business and operational goals (for example, those related to earnings per share, revenue, gross margin, operating income, cash flow, earnings before interest and taxes, customer satisfaction, product quality, securing new opportunities, new product introductions, productivity improvements, customer return rate, new business area growth, environmental, health and safety, and human capital management, including diversity and inclusion). 
 Section 2.3. Determination of Bonuses . Following the close of the relevant Performance Period, the Committee, or, with respect to Participants other than Executive Officers, the Committee's delegate(s), shall determine the amount of Bonus (if any) to be paid to each Participant, based on assessment of achievement of the Performance Objectives of the Program, as well as reflecting an assessment of each Participant's individual 
 CMC Materials, Inc. 2021 

performance or other factors during the relevant Performance Period, in the Committee's (or delegate(s)') sole discretion. In no event shall a determination of a Bonus for an Executive Officer be made other than by the Committee. 
 Section 2.4. Payment of Bonuses . Payment of a Bonus to a Participant shall be made as soon as practicable after determination of the amount of the Bonuses under Section 2.3 above, and after the Committee has approved the aggregate bonus payout amount for the Performance Period, and individual Bonuses for the Corporation's Executive Officers, but in no event later than 75 days after the end of the Performance Period. In no event shall a payment of a Bonus be made to an Executive Officer other than as specifically authorized by the Committee. Participants whose employment is terminated, whether by the Corporation or voluntarily by the Participant, prior to the payment date of a Bonus shall not be entitled to receive a Bonus, whether or not a Bonus amount previously had been designated for such Participant pursuant to the terms of the Program. According to the intent of the Corporation to award the entire accrual of Bonus amounts for the relevant Performance Period, which is set by the Committee in conjunction with the closing of the Corporation's financial books for such Performance Period, to the extent a Bonus amount had been accrued for and or designated for such Participant in advance of the termination of such Participant's employment, the Corporation shall reallocate such amount to the pool of other Participants (with the exception of Executive Officers unless specifically agreed upon by the Committee) in the Program, to the extent administratively practical. 
 
 Section 2.5. Recovery of Bonuses . The Corporation may rescind or recover a Bonus paid to a Participant immediately under certain circumstances, including, but not limited to, (i) the Participant's actions constituting Cause, as determined by the Corporation in its discretion and as otherwise enforceable under local law rendering of services for a competitor prior to, or within six (6) months after, the payment of a Bonus or the termination of Participant's Service with the Corporation unauthorized disclosure of any confidential proprietary information of the Corporation to any third party failure to comply with the Corporation's policies regarding the identification, disclosure and protection of intellectual property violation of the CMC Materials, Inc. Employee Confidentiality, Intellectual Property and Non-Competition Agreement violation of the CMC Materials, Inc. Code of Business Conduct, including those provisions related to financial reporting, (2) and, as may be required by law, including regulations related to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. In the event of any such rescission or right of recovery, the Participant must repay the Bonus to the Corporation, and the Company shall be entitled to set-off against the amount of the Bonus any amount owed to the Participant by the Corporation. 
 ARTICLE III MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 3.1. No Additional Participant Rights . The participation of an employee in the Program shall not give such employee any right to be retained in the employ of the Corporation or any of its affiliates, and the Corporation specifically reserves the right to dismiss a Participant or to terminate any arrangement pursuant to which any such Participant provides services to the Corporation, with or without cause. No person shall have claim to a Bonus under the Program, except as otherwise provided for herein, or to continued participation in the Program. There is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of Participants under the Program. The benefits provided for Participants under the Program shall be in addition to and shall in no way preclude other forms of compensation to or in respect of such Participants. It is expressly agreed and understood that the employment of a Participant is terminable at the will of either party and, if such Participant is a party to an employment agreement with the Corporation or one of its affiliates, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Participant's employment agreement. 
 Section 3.2. No Assignment . The rights of a Participant with respect to any Bonuses granted under the Program shall not be transferable by the Participant. 
 CMC Materials, Inc. 2021 

Section 3.3. Taxes Tax Withholding . To the extent a Participant who is to be paid a Bonus under the Program is subject to an employment arrangement with the Corporation or a subsidiary thereof that provides for tax equalization consideration, then such tax equalization consideration also shall apply to, and be included as part of, the Participant's Bonus to be paid under the Program. The Corporation or a subsidiary thereof, as appropriate, shall have the right to deduct from all payments made under the Program to a Participant or to a Participant's beneficiary or beneficiaries any federal, state or local taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to such payments. Section 
 Section 3.4. No Restriction on Right of Corporation to Effect Changes . The Program shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Corporation or its stockholders to make or authorize any recapitalization, reorganization, merger, acquisition, divestiture, consolidation, spin-off, combination, liquidation, dissolution, sale of assets, or other similar corporate transaction or event involving the Corporation or a subsidiary thereof or any other event or series of events, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 
 Section 3.5. Source of Payments . The Corporation shall not have any obligation to establish any separate fund or trust or other segregation of assets to provide for payments under the Program. To the extent any person acquires any rights to receive payments hereunder from the Corporation, such rights shall be no greater than those of an unsecured creditor. 
 Section 3.6. Amendment and Termination . The Committee may at any time and from time to time alter, amend, suspend or terminate the Program in whole or in part. 
 Section 3.7. Governing Law and Severability . The Program and all rights and Bonuses hereunder shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Illinois without regard to conflicts of law principles and applicable federal law. The jurisdiction and venue for any disputes arising under, or any action brought to enforce (or otherwise relating to), the Program shall be exclusively in the courts in the State of Illinois, including the Federal Courts located therein (should Federal jurisdiction exist). If any portion of the Program is deemed to be in conflict with local law, that portion of the Program, and that portion only, will be deemed null and void under that local law. All other provisions of the Program will remain in full effect. 
 Section 3.8. Miscellaneous . Notwithstanding any provision of the Program to the contrary, any and all Bonuses made under the Program are intended to be exempt from or, in the alternative, comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the interpretive guidance thereunder, including the exceptions for short-term deferrals. The Program shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. 
 
 CMC Materials, Inc. 2021 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 ccmp-20210930xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF CMC MATERIALS, INC. 
 
 Subsidiaries Location CMC Materials Global Corporation Delaware, U.S. NexPlanar Corporation Delaware, U.S. QED Technologies International, Inc. Delaware, U.S. CMC Materials Japan KK Japan CMC Materials KK Japan CMC Materials B.V. Netherlands CMC Materials Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore CMC Materials Korea, LLC South Korea CMC Materials Taiwan Co., Ltd. Taiwan Shanghai Cabot Microelectronics Co. Ltd. China CMC Materials KMG Corporation Texas, U.S. KMG-Bernuth, Inc. Delaware, U.S. KMG de Mexico SA de CV Mexico CMC Materials EC, Inc. Texas, U.S. CMC Materials Italia SrL Italy CMC Materials Luxembourg Holdings S.a.r.l. Luxembourg CMC Materials France SAS France CMC Materials UPC SAS France CMC Materials EC Pte. Ltd. Singapore CMC Materials Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore CMC Materials SDN BHD Malaysia CMC Materials UK Limited United Kingdom CMC Materials UPC Limited United Kingdom CMC Materials Sealweld Canada, Inc. British Columbia, Canada KMG Val-Tex, LLC Texas, U.S. Sealweld Corporation (2003), Inc. Nevada, U.S. Sealweld (USA), Inc. Texas, U.S. KMG-Flowchem, Inc. Delaware, U.S. Flowchem LLC Delaware, U.S. FLX Inc. Texas, U.S. International Test Solutions, LLC Delaware, U.S. International Test Solutions Korea Limited South Korea International Development Test Co., Ltd. Taiwan Suzhou Meice Test Technology Co., Ltd. China 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 ccmp-20210930xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S 8 (No. 333-34272, 333-34270, 333-82680, 333-123692, 333-170810, 333-179955, 333-232088, 333-255819) and Form S-4 (No. 333-227301) of CMC Materials, Inc. of our report dated November 12, 2021 relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 November 12, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 8
 ccmp-20210930xex241.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 24.1 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Know all persons by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints H. Carol Bernstein, their Attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign the annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 and any amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said Attorney-in-fact, or her substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 SIGNATURE TITLE Date s William P. Noglows Chairman of the Board November 12, 2021 William P. Noglows s David H. Li President and Chief November 12, 2021 David H. Li Executive Officer s Richard S. Hill Director November 12, 2021 Richard S. Hill s Barbara A. Klein Director November 12, 2021 Barbara A. Klein s Paul J. Reilly Director November 12, 2021 Paul J. Reilly s Anne K. Roby Director November 12, 2021 Anne K. Roby s Susan M. Whitney Director November 12, 2021 Susan M. Whitney s Geoffrey Wild Director November 12, 2021 Geoffrey Wild 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 ccmp-20210930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, David H. Li, Chief Executive Officer of CMC Materials, Inc., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CMC Materials, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2021 s DAVID H. LI David H. Li Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 ccmp-20210930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Scott D. Beamer, Chief Financial Officer of CMC Materials, Inc., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CMC Materials, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2021 s SCOTT D. BEAMER Scott D. Beamer Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 ccmp-20210930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of CMC Materials, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date November 12, 2021 s DAVID H. LI David H. Li Chief Executive Officer Date November 12, 2021 s SCOTT D. BEAMER Scott D. Beamer Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 ccmp-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 ccmp-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 ccmp-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 ccmp-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 ccmp-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

