<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211014_10-K_edgar_data_87802_0001654954-21-011097.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5620172</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>239838</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>285136</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2537185</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1285149</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1003994</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-21-011097.hdr.sgml : 20211014
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211014165713
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-21-011097
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211014
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211014

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000087802
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		IRS NUMBER:				042217279
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-06658
		FILM NUMBER:		211323820

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		70 ORVILLE DR
		STREET 2:		AIRPORT INTERNATIONAL PLZ
		CITY:			BOHEMIA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11716
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6315674700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		70 ORVILLE DR
		CITY:			BOHEMIA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11716

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-21-011097.txt : 20211014

10-K
 1
 form_10-kandfinancials101.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

form_10-kandfinancials101 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended June 30,
2021 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934 

For the transition period from _______ to________ 

Commission file number 0-6658 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. 

(Exact Name of Registrant in Its Charter) 

Delaware 

04-2217279 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
organization) 

I.R.S.
Employer Identification No.) 

80 Orville Drive, Suite 102, Bohemia, New York 

11716 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

(631) 567-4700 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act: 

Title of each class 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

None 

None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange
Act: 

Title of Class 

Common stock, .05 par value 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such repor ts Yes 
 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 Yes 
 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant
to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of
registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 Yes 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer,
or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and
 smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting
company) 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by
non-affiliates computed by reference to the average bid and asked
prices of such stock, as of October 8, 2021 is
 20,813,900. 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common
stock, par value .05 per share Common Stock as of
October 8, 2021 is 6,458,143 shares. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 

BUSINESS 

4 

Item 1A. 

RISK
FACTORS 

7 

Item 2. 

PROPERTIES 

11 

Item 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

11 

Item 4. 

SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

11 

PART II 

Item 5. 

MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES 

11 

Item 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

12 

Item 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

14 

Item 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

14 

Item 9A. 

CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES 

14 

Item 9B. 

OTHER
INFORMATION 

14 

PART III 

Item 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

15 

Item 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

16 

Item 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

22 

Item 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

24 

Item 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

24 

PART IV 

Item 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

SIGNATURES 

EXHIBIT 31.0 

CERTIFICATION 

EXHIBIT 32.0 

CERTIFICATION 

Forward Looking
Statements . The Company and its
representatives may from time to time make written or oral
forward-looking statements with respect to the Company s
annual or long-term goals, including statements contained in its
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in its
reports to stockholders. 

The
words or phrases "will likely result", will be ,
 will , "are expected to", "will continue to", "is
anticipated", "estimate", "project" or similar expressions identify
"forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are
subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from historical earnings and those
presently anticipated or projected. Readers are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which
speak only as of the date made. 

PART I 

I tem 1. Business. 

General . 
 Incorporated in 1954, Scientific
Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (which along with its
subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in the design,
manufacture, and marketing of standard benchtop laboratory
equipment Benchtop Laboratory Equipment ), and
through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Scientific Bioprocessing
Holdings, Inc. SBHI ), the licensing, design,
manufacture, and marketing of bioprocessing systems and products Bioprocessing Systems ). SBHI has two wholly-owned
subsidiaries Scientific Bioprocessing, Inc., a Delaware
corporation SBI and aquila biolabs GmbH Aquila ), a German corporation. The Company s
products are used primarily for research purposes by universities,
pharmaceutical companies, pharmacies, national laboratories,
medical device manufacturers, and other industries performing
laboratory-scale research. Until November 30, 2020, the Company was
also engaged in the design, manufacture and marketing of customized
catalyst research instruments through its wholly-owned subsidiary,
Altamira Instruments, Inc, a Delaware corporation Altamira ). On November 30, 2020, the Company sold
significantly all of Altamira s assets and Altamira s
operations were discontinued. 

Operating
Segments . The Company views its
operations as two segments: the manufacture and marketing of
standard Benchtop Laboratory Equipment which includes various types
of equipment used for research and sample preparation in
university, pharmacy and industrial laboratories sold primarily
through laboratory equipment distributors and online; and the
development, manufacture, and sublicensing of bioprocessing
products. For certain financial information regarding the
Company s operating segments, see Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements included under Item 8. 

Products . 

Benchtop Laboratory
Equipment . The Company s
Benchtop Laboratory Equipment products consist of mixers and
shakers, rotators/rockers, refrigerated and shaking incubators, and
magnetic stirrers sold under the Genie brand,
and pharmacy and laboratory balances and scales, force gauges, and
moisture analyzers under the Torbal brand.
Sales of the Company s principal product, the
Vortex-Genie 2 Mixer, excluding accessories, represented
approximately 47 and 39 of the Company s total net revenues
for each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 fiscal
2021 and June 30, 2020 fiscal 2020 respectively,and 51 and 45 of the segment s sales for
fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 

The
Company s vortex mixer is used to mix the contents of test
tubes, beakers, and other various containers by placing such
containers on a rotating cup or other attachments which cause the
contents to be mixed at varying speeds. The Company s
additional mixers and shakers include a high-speed touch mixer, a
mixer with an integral timer, a patented cell disruptor, microplate
mixers, two vortex mixers incorporating digital control and
display, a large capacity multi-vessel vortex mixer and a line of
various orbital shakers. 

The
Company also offers various benchtop multi-purpose rotators and
rockers, designed to rotate and rock a wide variety of containers,
and a refrigerated incubator and incubated shakers, which are
multi-functional benchtop environmental chambers designed to
perform various shaking and stirring functions under controlled
environmental conditions. 

The
Company s line of magnetic stirrers includes a patented
high/low programmable magnetic stirrer, a four-place high/low
programmable magnetic stirrer, a large volume magnetic stirrer, and
a four-place general purpose stirrer. 

The
Company s Torbal brand line of products includes pharmacy,
laboratory, and industrial digital scales, mechanical balances,
moisture analyzers, mechanical and automated pill counters, and
force gauges and test stands. 

4 

Bioprocessing
Systems . The Company, through
SBHI, sublicenses certain patents and technology it holds relating
to bioprocessing products exclusively under a license with the
University of Maryland, Baltimore County UMBC ), for
which it receives royalties for patents expiring in August 2021 and
December 2023. SBHI through its two wholly-owned subsidiaries, SBI
and Aquila, is also engaged in the design, development, manufacture
and marketing of bioprocessing products, principally products
incorporating smart sensors and state of the art software
analytics. Products offered for sale include the Cell Growth
Quantifier CGQ for Biomass monitoring in shake
flasks, the Liquid Injection System LIS for
automated feeding in shake flasks, and a line of coaster systems
and flow-through cells for pH and DO
monitoring. 

Product
Development . The Company
designs and develops substantially all of its products. Company
personnel formulate plans and concepts for new products and
improvements or modifications of existing products. The Company
engages outside consultants to augment its internal engineering
capabilities in areas such as industrial and electronics
design. 

Major
Customers . Sales to three
customers, principally of the Vortex-Genie 2 Mixer, represented 21 
and 11 of total net revenues for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020,
respectively, and 23 and 13 of Benchtop Laboratory Equipment
product sales, for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020,
respectively. 

Marketing . 

Benchtop Laboratory
Equipment. The Company s
Benchtop Laboratory Equipment products sold under the
 Genie brand are generally distributed and marketed
through an established network of domestic and overseas laboratory
equipment distributors who sell the Company s products
through websites, printed catalogs and sales
force. 

The
Company s Torbal brand products are primarily
marketed and sold online, and primarily on a direct basis, with
only a few distributors. The Company s VIVID automated pill
counter is sold through two exclusive distributors in North
America. The Company markets its products through trade publication
advertising, brochures and catalogs, the Company s website,
one sales manager in the U.S., a consultant in Europe and, when
practicable, attendance at industry trade shows. 

In
general, due to the reliance on sales through distribution, it
takes two to three years for a new Genie brand Benchtop Laboratory
Equipment product to begin generating meaningful
sales. 

Bioprocessing
Systems . The
Company s Bioprocessing Systems products are marketed under a
newly created marketing category Digitally Simplified
Bioprocessing through a direct sales force consisting of ten
sales professionals and application scientists plus one
distributor. Sales are supported via marketing through
websites, content creation, application notes, mailings, trade
shows, online marketing campaigns, and membership in various
public/private research partnerships. 

Assembly and
Production . The Company has
facilities in Bohemia, New York and Orangeburg, New York where is
conducts its Benchtop Laboratory Equipment operations. The Company
also has an operating facility in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where it
conducts sales, marketing, shipping, and administrative functions;
and, beginning on April 29, 2021, as a result of the
Company s acquisition of Aquila, the Company operates a
facility in Baesweiller, Germany where it conducts product
development, manufacturing, sales, marketing and administration.
The Company s production operations principally involve
assembly of components supplied by various domestic and
international independent suppliers. 

5 

Patents, Trademarks
and Licenses . 

The Company holds several patents relating to its
benchtop laboratory products which include a United States patent
expiring in November 2022 on the MagStir Genie and on the
MultiMagStir Genie ,
another patent that relates to its Vortex-Genie Pulse expiring in
January 2036, and a patent relating to Torbal s VIVID 
automated pill counter which expires in March
2039. 

Two
patents held by the Company relating to Bioprocessing Systems, for
a biocompatible bag with integral sensors, expire in January 2029.
Another patent on an apparatus for detecting PH and dissolved
oxygen will expire in 2036. The Company has several patent
applications pending with the US Patent and Trademark Office (the
 USPTO ), most of which relate to bioprocessing
technology. 

Aquila
holds two US patents relating to bioprocessing which will expire in
January 2035 and February 2038, respectively. In addition, Aquila
holds several European and German patents and Patent Cooperation
Treaty (the PCT patents, and has several other
patent applications pending in the United States, Europe, and under
the PCT. 

The
Company does not anticipate any material adverse effect on its
operations following the expiration of any of its
patents. 

The Company has various proprietary trademarks,
including aquila biolabs (in Germany), Bead Genie ,
BioGenie 
 ,
Cellphase , Cellstation , Disruptor Beads ,
Disruptor Genie , Enviro-Genie , Genie , Genie
Temp-Shaker , ID.Developer s Kit , Incubator
Genie , MagStir Genie , MegaMag Genie , MicroPlate Genie ,
MultiMagStir Genie , Multi-MicroPlate Genie , Orbital
Genie , QuadMag Genie , Rotator Genie , SBI ,
Roto-Shake Genie , Torbal , TurboMix , VIVID , and Vortex-Genie , each of which it considers important to the
success of the related product. The Company also has several
trademark applications pending with the USPTO. No representation
can be made that any application will be granted or as to the
protection that any existing or future trademark may
provide. 

The Company has an exclusive license from UMBC
with respect to rights and know-how under a United States patent
held by UMBC related to disposable sensor technology, which the
Company further sublicenses on an exclusive basis to a German
company, and non-exclusive rights held by the Company as it relates
to the use of the technology with vessels of sizes ranging from 250
milliliters to 5 liters. Net total license fees paid or owed to the
Company under this license for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 amounted
to 560,000 and 1,286,800, respectively. This patent and the
related license expire in December 2023 . 

Foreign Sales . The Company s
sales to overseas customers, principally in Asia and Europe,
accounted for approximately 43 and 46 of the Company s net
revenues for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. Payments are in
United States dollars and are therefore not subject to risks of
currency fluctuation, foreign duties and
customs. 

Seasonality .
The Company does not consider its business to be
seasonal. 

Backlog 
 The backlog for Benchtop Laboratory
Equipment products is not a significant factor because this line of
products is comprised of standard catalog items requiring lead
times which usually are not longer than two weeks. There is no
backlog for Bioprocessing Systems. 

Competition .
Most of the Company's principal competitors are substantially
larger and have greater financial, production and marketing
resources than the Company. Competition is generally based upon
technical specifications, price, and product recognition and
acceptance. The Company s main competition for its Benchtop
Laboratory Equipment products derives from private label brand
mixers offered by laboratory equipment distributors in the United
States and Europe and products exported from
China. 

The
Company's major competitors for its Genie brand Benchtop Laboratory
Equipment are Henry Troemner, Inc. (a private label supplier to the
two largest laboratory equipment distributors in the U.S. and
Europe), IKA-Werke GmbH Co. KG, a German company, Benchmark
Scientific, Inc., (a United States importer of China-produced
products), and Heidolph Instruments GmbH, a German company. The
Company s main competitors for its Torbal brand products are
Ohaus Corporation, an American company, A D Company Ltd., a
Japanese company, Adam Equipment Co., Ltd., a British company, and
Avery Weigh-Tronix, an American company. 

The
potential major competitors for the Company s Bioprocessing
Systems are Applikon Biotechnology, B.V. (Netherlands), PreSens
GmbH (Germany), Eppendorf AG GmbH (Germany), and PyroScience
(Germany). 

6 

Research and
Development . The Company
incurred research and development expenses, the majority of which
related to its Bioprocessing Systems operations, of 1,623,800
during fiscal 2021 compared to 1,139,700 during fiscal 2020. The
Company expects that research and development expenditures in the
fiscal year ending June 30, 2022 will continue to increase due to
increased product development efforts for Bioprocessing
Systems. 

Government and
Environmental Regulation . The
Company s products and claims with respect thereto have not
required approval of the Food and Drug Administration or any other
governmental authority. The Company's manufacturing operations,
like those of the industry in general, are subject to numerous
existing and proposed, if adopted, federal, state, and local
regulations to protect the environment, establish occupational
safety and health standards and cover other matters. The Company
believes that its operations are in compliance with existing laws
and regulations and the cost to comply is not significant to the
Company. 

Employees .
As of September 24, 2021, the Company employed 59 persons (28 for
the Benchtop Laboratory Equipment operations, and 31 for the
Bioprocessing Systems operations, of which 19 were located in
Germany) of whom 55 were full-time, including its executive
officers. The Company augments its internal staff with outside
consultants as deemed necessary. None of the Company's employees
are represented by any union. 

Available
Information . 
 The Company s Annual Report to
Stockholders for fiscal 2021, includes its Annual Report on Form
10-K. The Annual Report will be mailed to security holders together
with the Company s proxy material and solicitation as it
relates to the Company s 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
All the Company s reports, including Annual Reports on Form
10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K
and other information filed with, or furnished to, the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC or the
 Commission ), including amendments to such reports,
are available on the SEC s website that contains such
reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding companies that file electronically with the Commission.
This information is available at www.sec.gov. In addition, all the
Company s public filings can be accessed through the
Company s website at
https://www.scientificindustries.com/sec-filings. 

I tem 1A. Risk Factors . 

In connection with the safe harbor provisions of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, important risk
factors are identified below that could affect the Company s
financial performance and could cause the Company s actual
results for future periods to differ materially from any opinions
or statements expressed with respect to such future periods in any
current statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to
publicly revise any forward-looking announcements to reflect future
events or circumstances. 

Dependence on Major Customers 

Although
the Company does not depend on any one single major customer, sales
to the top three Benchtop Laboratory Equipment operations customers
accounted for a combined aggregate of 23 and 13 of the
segment s total sales for each of fiscal 2021 and 2020 (21 
and 11 of its total net revenues for fiscal 2021 and 2020,
respectively). 

No
representation can be made that the Company will be successful in
retaining any of these customers, or not suffer a material
reduction in sales, either of which could have an adverse effect on
future operating results of the Company. 

One Benchtop Laboratory Equipment Product Accounts for a
Substantial Portion of Revenues 

The
Company has a limited number of Benchtop Laboratory Equipment
products with one product, the Vortex-Genie 2 Mixer, accounting for
approximately 51 and 45 of Benchtop Laboratory Equipment sales,
for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 (47 and 39 of total net revenues
for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively). 

The Company is a Small Participant in Each of the Industries in
Which It Operates 

The
Benchtop Laboratory Equipment industry is a highly competitive
mature industry. Although the Vortex-Genie 2 Mixer has been widely
accepted, the annual sales of the Benchtop Laboratory Equipment
products 9,043,600 for fiscal 2021 and 6,783,600 for fiscal
2020) are significantly lower than the annual sales of many of its
competitors in the industry. The principal competitors are
substantially larger with much greater financial, production and
marketing resources than the Company. There are constant new
entrants into the vortex mixer market, including those offering
products imported from China, which the Company is unable to
compete with on price. The Torbal line of products is also a small
market participant in its industry with significant competition
from well-known brands. 

7 

The
Company s Bioprocessing Systems operations is a participant
in the laboratory-scale sector of the larger bioprocessing products
industry, which is dominated by several companies that are
significantly larger, and the operation is still in its start-up
phase of operations. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, the
Company consummated its acquisition of Aquila to accelerate the
Bioprocessing Operations, however there is no assurance that the
Company will be successful in integrating Aquila into its
Bioprocessing Operations or that it will be successful in competing
with its larger competitors. 

The Company s Ability to Grow and Compete Effectively Depends
In Part on Its Ability to Develop and Effectively Market New
Products 

The
Company continuously invests in the development and marketing of
new Benchtop Laboratory Equipment products with a view to increase
revenues and reduce the Company s dependence on the
Vortex-Genie 2 Mixer, including the Torbal line of products.
However, gross revenues derived from non-Vortex-Genie Benchtop
Laboratory Equipment products including Torbal products only
amounted to 4,419,100 (49 of the segment s sales and 45 of
total revenues) for fiscal 2021; and 3,712,800 (55 of the
segment s sales and 48 of total revenues) for fiscal 2020.
The segment s ability to compete will depend upon the
Company s success in continuing to develop and market new
laboratory equipment as to which no assurance can be
given. 

The
Company relies heavily on distributors and their catalogs to market
the majority of its Benchtop Laboratory Equipment products, as is
customary in the industry. Accordingly, sales of new products are
heavily dependent on the distributors decision to include
and retain a new product in their catalogs and on their websites.
It may be at least 24 to 36 months between the completion of
development of a product and the distribution of the catalog in
which it is first offered; furthermore, not all distributors
feature the Company s products in their
catalogs. 

The
success of the Company s Bioprocessing Systems operations
will depend heavily on its ability to successfully develop,
produce, and market new products. Commencing in the last quarter of
fiscal year ended June 30, 2019, the Company began to commit
substantial resources to its Bioprocessing Systems operations in
the form of employees, materials, supplies, marketing, and
facilities to accelerate its product development efforts and
marketing activities. Bioprocessing products are of a complex
nature in an industry that the Company has not traditionally
operated in and have taken much longer to develop than previously
anticipated. In addition, they will be subject to beta testing by
end users, which could result in design and/or production changes
which could further delay development time. On April 29, 2021, the
Company acquired Aquila in an effort to further accelerate product
development of its bioprocessing products. The Company is incurring
substantial product development costs related to its Bioprocessing
Operations. 

No
assurance can be given that the Company will be successful with its
new product development or that its sales and marketing programs
will be sufficient to develop additional commercially feasible
products which will be accepted by the marketplace, or that any
distributor will include or retain any such products in its
catalogs and websites. 

Integration The Company May Face Challenges with
Integrating Acquisitions and Achieving the Financial and Other
Results Anticipated at the Time of Acquisition 

The
Company may face challenges integrating its recent acquisition of
Aquila or future acquisitions with its existing operations. These
challenges could include difficulty in integrating or consolidating
business processes and systems and challenges with integrating the
business cultures, especially since Aquila is located in Germany.
In addition, the process of integrating operations could result in
an interruption of normal business operations. 

Exchange Rates The Company is Exposed to Foreign Exchange
Rate Risk 

Substantially
all of the Company s sales are in US dollars. As a result of
the acquisition of Aquila, the Company is now subject to foreign
exchange rate risk, both transactional and translational, which may
negatively affect our financial performance. Transactional foreign
exchange exposures result from exchange rate fluctuations,
including in respect of the U.S. dollar and the Euro. Translational
foreign exchange exposures result from exchange rate fluctuations
in the conversion of the entity s functional currency to U.S.
dollars, consistent with the Company s reporting currency,
and may affect the reported value of the Company s assets and
liabilities and its income and expenses. In particular, the
Company s translational exposure may be impacted by movements
in the exchange rate between the Euro against the U.S.
dollar. 

The Company May Be Subject to General Economic, Political and
Social Factors 

Orders
for the Company s products depend in part, on the
customer s ability to secure funds to finance purchases,
especially government funding for research activities. Availability
of funds can be affected by budgetary constraints. Factors
including a general economic recession, a European crisis, slowdown
in Asian economies, or a major terrorist attack may have a negative
impact on the availability of funding including government or
academic grants to potential customers. Please also see the
separate COVID-19 pandemic related discussion in this Risk
Factors section below. 

8 

As
discussed in Item 1, sales to overseas customers, including sales
in China, account for approximately 43 of the Company s net
revenues. The high value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign
currencies can have a negative impact on sales because the
Company s products, which are paid in U.S. dollars, become
more expensive to overseas customers. 

The
ongoing tariffs have not had a material impact on the Company,
other than slightly higher component costs which the Company has
been able to manage through alternative sources and passing on some
of the increases through price increases. The current situation
with inflationary pressures and higher transportation costs is
resulting in significantly higher costs for some of the
Company s components. Continuation of tariffs and/or
increased trade tensions and inflationary pressures could have a
negative effect on the Company s future gross margins, if the
Company is unable to pass such cost increases to its
customers. 

The Company Has Been Adversely Affected and Could Be Materially
Adversely Impacted in the Future by the COVID-19
pandemic 

The
challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy
began to take effect and impact the Company s operations at
the end of the third quarter of the year ended June 30, 2020. At
that time, the Company took appropriate action and put plans in
place to diminish the effects of COVID-19 on its operations,
enabling the Company to continue to operate with minor or temporary
disruptions to its operations. The Company took immediate action as
it pertains to COVID-19 preparedness by implementing the Center for
Disease Control s guidelines for employers in order to
protect the Company s employees health and safety,
with actions such as implementing work from home, social distancing
in the workplace, requiring self-quarantine for any employee
showing symptoms, wearing face coverings, and training employees on
maintaining a healthy work environment. The Bioprocessing Systems
Operations SBI facility was shut down temporarily due to
state mandates, however, the impact on operations was immaterial,
and the Company has been able to retain its employees without
furloughs or layoffs, in part, due to the Company receipt of
two loans under the Federal Government s Paycheck Protection
Program PPP ). The Company received 563,800 and
 433,800 in April 2020 and March 2021, respectively, under this program administered by the
U.S. Small Business Administration through its bank. The first loan
was forgiven in June 2021 except for 32,700 which was repaid. The
remaining loan bears interest at 1 per annum and matures in March
2026 and contains no collateral or guarantee requirements. The
Company expects to apply and receive forgiveness for the majority
of the second loan. The Bioprocessing Systems
Operations German operation, which was acquired on April 29,
2021, was negatively impacted in its ability to secure new orders
because Aquila had historically relied on face-to-face meetings at
trade shows for its sales opportunities. While it has participated
in virtual trade shows, management believes that certain sales
opportunities are lost as a result. The Company has not experienced
and does not anticipate any material impact on its ability to
collect its accounts receivable due to the nature of its customers,
which are primarily distributors of laboratory equipment and
supplies which have benefitted from the Pandemic due to the nature
of the products and have the ability to pay. However, there is a
delay in the receipt of a receivable related to the Company s
discontinued operations due to the delay to complete the related
installation as a result of the pandemic. The Company has not
experienced and does not anticipate any material impairment to its
tangible and intangible assets, system of internal controls, or
delivery and distribution of its products as a result of COVID-19,
however the ultimate impact of COVID-19 on the Company s
business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows
is dependent on future developments, including the duration or
worsening of the pandemic and the related length of its impact on
the global economy, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted at
this time. The Company is currently experiencing some delays from
its supply chain which is having an impact on delayed delivery of
some products, however this is deemed temporary and does not affect
the Company s major product the Vortex-Genie 2. In
addition, due to the travel restrictions imposed by the United
States and other governments worldwide, Company personnel may be
restricted from traveling to conduct its operations including site
visits, customer visits and installations, vendor facility visits,
and other sales and marketing related travel that can negatively
impact the Company. 

The Company is Heavily Dependent on Outside Suppliers for the
Components of Its Products 

The
Company purchases all its components from outside suppliers and
relies on a few suppliers for some components, mostly due to cost
considerations. Most of the Company s suppliers, including
its U.S. vendors, produce the components directly or indirectly in
overseas factories, and orders are subject to long lead times and
potential other risks related to production in a foreign country,
such as current and potential future tariffs, and the COVID-19
pandemic. To minimize the risk of supply shortages, the Company
keeps more than normal quantities on hand of the critical
components that cannot easily be procured or, where feasible and
cost effective, purchases are made from more than one supplier. The
Company is currently experiencing some delays in delivery of
electronic components due to shortages of underlying raw materials,
however these shortages pertain to low volume Benchtop Laboratory
Equipment products and to the Company s knowledge are not
expected to have a material impact on the Company s revenues.
The Company also seeks to mitigate the effect of the tariffs on its
component costs through supplier negotiations, however, alternate
suppliers are not always feasible for various reasons including
complexity and cost of toolings. A shortage of components beyond
what it is currently experiencing or vendor inability to deliver
due to shipping and cargo issues could halt production and have a
material negative effect on the Company s
operations. 

9 

The Company s Ability to Compete Depends in Part on Its
Ability To Secure and Maintain Proprietary Rights to its
Products 

The
Company has no patent protection for its principal Benchtop
Laboratory Equipment product, the Vortex-Genie 2 Mixer, or the
Torbal products other than the VIVID pill counter, and it has
limited patent protection on a few other Benchtop Laboratory
Equipment products. There are several competitive products
available in the marketplace possessing similar technical
specifications and design. 

The Company s patents related to its Bioprocessing Systems
Operations pertaining to non-invasive sensor technology, which it
licenses from University of Maryland Baltimore County, expired in
August 2021 and December 2023, and as a result, the Company expects
a material reduction in license fees during calendar year 2021 and
none past December 2023. The Company has some patent protection on
certain of its products under development and other applications
pending. 

The Company s Bioprocessing Operations through its newly
acquired Aquila division holds several patents primarily in Germany
and across Europe related to its products and underlying
technology, and has several patent applications pending in Germany,
the European Union, and the United States of America. 

There can be no assurance that any patent issued,
licensed or sublicensed to the Company provides or will provide the
Company with competitive advantages or will not be challenged by
third parties. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that others
will not independently develop similar products or design around
the Company s patents. Any of the foregoing activities could
have a material adverse effect on the Company. Moreover, enforcement by the Company of its patent
or license rights may require substantial litigation
costs. 

The
Company Has Limited Management Resources 

The
loss of services from any of Ms. Helena Santos, the Company s
President, Chief Executive, Financial Officer and Treasurer, Mr.
Robert Nichols, the President of the Company s Genie Products
Division of the Benchtop Laboratory operations, Mr. Karl
Nowosielski, the President of the Torbal Products Division of the
Benchtop Laboratory operations, Mr. Daniel Grunes, the
Vice-President of Operations and Product Development of SBHI, or
Mr. John A. Moore, President of SBI, or any material expansion of
the Company s operations could place a significant additional
strain on the Company s limited management resources and
could be materially adverse to the Company s operating
results and financial condition. 

The
Common Stock of the Company is Thinly Traded and is Subject to
Volatility 

As
of October 8, 2021, there were 6,458,143 shares of Common
Stock of the Company outstanding, of which 3,820,130 (59 were
held by affiliates or Directors and Officers of the Company. The
Common Stock of the Company is traded on the Over-the-Counter
Bulletin Board and, historically, has been thinly traded. There
have been a number of trading days during fiscal 2021 on which no
trades of the Company s Common Stock were reported.
Accordingly, the market price for the Common Stock is subject to
great volatility. 

10 

I tem 2. Properties. 

The
Company s executive office and principal manufacturing
facility for its Benchtop Laboratory Equipment operations comprises
approximately 19,000 square feet. This facility is located in
Bohemia, New York and is held under a lease which expired in
February 2025, and was amended in September 2021 for an additional
5,000 square feet adjoining facility and increased term through
October 2028. The Company s Bioprocessing Systems operations
are conducted from an approximately a 2,100 square foot laboratory
facility in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania under a lease which expires in
May 2023. The Company has a 1,200 square foot facility in
Orangeburg, New York from where it conducts its sales and marketing
functions, primarily for the Torbal Products Division of the
Benchtop Laboratory Equipment operations expiring in October 2022.
As a result of its acquisition of Aquila, the Company also has a
480 square foot facility in Baesweiller, Germany comprised of
manufacturing, engineering, and administrative space. See Note 11
to the consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. The leased
facilities are suitable and adequate for each of the
Company s operations. In the opinion of management, all
properties are adequately covered by insurance. 

I tem 3 . 
 Legal
Proceedings. 

The
Company is not a party to any pending legal
proceedings. 

I tem 4 . 
 Submission of
Matters to a Vote of Security Holders . 

No
matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the
fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. 

PART II 

I tem 5 . Market for the Registrant's
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities. 

The
Company's Common Stock is traded in the over-the-counter market.
The following table sets forth the low and high bid quotations at
the end of each quarter of fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2021, as reported
by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Electronic
Bulletin Board. Such quotations reflect inter-dealer prices,
without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not
represent actual transactions: 

For Fiscal Quarter Ended 

Low Bid( 

High Bid( 

09/30/19 

4.00 

6.88 

12/31/19 

6.01 

9.10 

03/31/20 

6.56 

10.20 

06/30/20 

5.55 

10.61 

09/30/20 

7.05 

9.00 

12/31/20 

7.26 

8.10 

03/31/21 

7.66 

11.00 

06/30/21 

9.31 

10.51 

As
of September 24, 2021, there were 289 record holders of the
Company's Common Stock. 

11 

I tem 7 . 
 Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations. 

Forward-Looking statements. Certain statements contained
in this report are not based on historical facts, but are
forward-looking statements that are based upon various assumptions
about future conditions. Actual events in the future could differ
materially from those described in the forward-looking information.
Numerous unknown factors and future events could cause such
differences, including but not limited to, product demand, market
acceptance, success of marketing strategy, success of expansion
efforts, impact of competition, adverse economic conditions, and
other factors affecting the Company s business that are
beyond the Company s control, which are discussed elsewhere
in this report. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be
guaranteed. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. This Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be
read in conjunction with the Company s financial statements
and the related notes included elsewhere in this
report. 

Overview. 
 The Company s results reflect
the results from the Benchtop Laboratory Equipment Operations and
the Bioprocessing Systems Operations, which includes two months of
results for Aquila, following its acquisition on April 29, 2021.
The Company realized a loss from continuing operations before
income tax benefit of 4,055,000 for fiscal 2021 compared to a loss
of 667,400 for fiscal 2020, primarily due to increased operating
expenses of its Bioprocessing Systems Operations, which included
significant amounts for product development, sales and marketing,
costs related to the acquisition of Aquila, and non-cash
compensation expense related to stock options, partially offset by
the profits generated by increased sales of the Benchtop Laboratory
Equipment Operations. The results also reflected a loss before
income tax benefit for discontinued operations of 769,900 compared
to 472,500 in fiscal 2020. On November 30, 2020, the Company sold
substantially all of the assets of its Catalyst Research
Instruments Operations which was operated through its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Altamira Instruments, Inc. 

The
challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy
began to take effect and impact the Company s operations at
the end of the third quarter of the year ended June 30, 2020. At
that time, the Company took appropriate action and put plans in
place to diminish the effects of COVID-19 on its operations,
enabling the Company to continue to operate with minor or temporary
disruptions to its operations. The Company took immediate action as
it pertains to COVID-19 preparedness by implementing the Center for
Disease Control s guidelines for employers in order to
protect the Company s employees health and safety,
with actions such as implementing work from home, social distancing
in the workplace, requiring self-quarantine for any employee
showing symptoms, wearing face coverings, and training employees on
maintaining a healthy work environment. The Bioprocessing Systems
Operations SBI facility was shut down temporarily due to
state mandates, however, the impact on operations was immaterial,
and the Company has been able to retain its employees without
furloughs or layoffs, in part, due to the Company receipt of
two loans under the Federal Government s Paycheck Protection
Program PPP ). The Company received 563,800 and
 433,800 in April 2020 and March 2021, respectively, under this program administered by the
U.S. Small Business Administration through its bank. The first loan
was forgiven in June 2021 except for 32,700 which was repaid. The
remaining loan bears interest at 1 per annum and matures in March
2026 and contains no collateral or guarantee requirements. The
Company expects to apply for and receive forgiveness for the
majority of the second loan. The Bioprocessing Systems
Operations German operation, which was acquired on April 29,
2021 ,was negatively impacted in its ability to secure new orders
because Aquila had historically relied on face-to-face meetings at
trade shows for its sales opportunities. While it has participated
in virtual trade shows, management believes that certain sales
opportunities are lost as a result. The Company has not experienced
and does not anticipate any material impact on its ability to
collect its accounts receivable due to the nature of its customers,
which are primarily distributors of laboratory equipment and
supplies which have benefitted from the Pandemic due to the nature
of the products and have the ability to pay. However, there is a
delay in the receipt of a receivable from a customer related to the
Company s discontinued operations due to a delay in the
Company s ability to complete the installation of equipment
purchased by the customer, as a result of the Pandemic. The Company
has not experienced and does not anticipate any material impairment
to its tangible and intangible assets, system of internal controls,
or delivery and distribution of its products as a result of
COVID-19, however the ultimate impact of COVID-19 on the
Company s business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows is dependent on future developments,
including the duration or worsening of the pandemic and the related
length of its impact on the global economy, which are uncertain and
cannot be predicted at this time. The Company is currently
experiencing some delays from its supply chain which is having an
impact on delayed delivery of some products, however this is deemed
temporary and does not affect the Company s major product
 the Vortex-Genie 2. In addition, due to the travel
restrictions imposed by the United States and other governments
worldwide, Company personnel may be restricted from traveling to
conduct its operations including site visits, customer visits and
installations, vendor facility visits, and other sales and
marketing related travel that can negatively impact the
Company. 

Results of
Operations. Net revenues for
fiscal 2021 increased 1,990,800 (25.6 to 9,775,200 from
 7,784,400 for fiscal 2020, reflecting an increase of 2,260,000 in
net sales of Benchtop Laboratory Equipment Operations, in
part related to its products being used in COVID-19 related
research and testing, and a decrease of 269,200 in net revenues of the Bioprocessing Systems
Operations, primarily due to decreased royalties earned during the
current year period due to expiring patents. 

The gross profit percentage for fiscal 2021 of
50.9 approximated fiscal 2020 s gross profit percentage of
50.6 . 

12 

General
and administrative expenses for fiscal 2021 increased by
approximately 1,753,100 (77.0 to 4,028,500 compared to
 2,275,400 for fiscal 2020 due primarily to compensation-related
costs resulting from stock option grants and increased costs from
the Bioprocessing Systems Operations in part due to the acquisition
of Aquila in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. 

Selling
expenses for fiscal 2021 increased approximately 2,846,100
(240.0 to 4,031,900 from 1,185,800 for fiscal 2020, primarily
due to increased sales and marketing expenses incurred by the
Bioprocessing Systems operations for sales and marketing personnel,
sales and marketing activities, and compensation-related costs
resulting from stock option grants. 

Research
and development expenses increased 484,100 (42.5 to 1,623,800
for fiscal 2021 compared to 1,139,700 for fiscal 2020, due to
increased product development expenditures by the Bioprocessing
Systems operations, including such expenditures incurred by Aquila
since its acquisition in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021,
partially offset by decreased product development expenditures
incurred by the Benchtop Laboratory Equipment
Operations. 

Total
other income (loss), net was 653,800 for fiscal 2021 compared to
 (3,900) in fiscal 2020. This increase was due primarily to the
 531,100 forgiveness of the first PPP loan received by the Company,
and increased interest income resulting from increased investment
securities balances. 

The
Company reflected income tax benefit for continuing operations of
 945,000 for fiscal 2021 compared to income tax benefit of 214,000
for fiscal 2020, primarily due to the loss incurred. 

As a
result of the foregoing, the Company recorded a net loss from
continuing operations of 3,110,000 for fiscal 2021 compared to a
net loss from continuing operations of 453,400 for fiscal
2020. 

The
Company reflected a net loss from discontinued operations of
 562,500 for fiscal 2021, compared to a 249,900 loss for fiscal
2020, primarily due to loss on the sale of the majority of the
operation s assets during the current fiscal
year. 

As a
result of the above, the Company recorded a net loss of 3,672,500
for fiscal 2021 compared to a net loss of 703,300 for fiscal
2020. 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources. Cash and cash
equivalents increased by 2,115,500 to 9,675,200 as of June 30,
2021 from 7,559,700 as of June 30, 2020. The Company received
 563,800 and 433,800 in April 2020 and March 2021,
respectively, under the Payroll
Protection Program administered by the U.S. Small Business
Administration through its bank. The first loan was forgiven in
June 2021 except for 32,700 which was repaid. The remaining loan
bears interest at 1 per annum and matures in March 2026 and
contains no collateral or guarantee requirements. The Company
expects to apply for and receive forgiveness for the majority of
the second loan. In April and June of 2021, the Company received a
total of 16,074,000, net of issuance costs, from the sale of its
Common Stock as further described in Note 15 of the financial
statements in Item 8. The Company expects that it will be able to
meet its cash flow needs during the next 12 months from cash
derived from its operations and cash on-hand. 

Net cash used in operating activities was
 3,301,500 for fiscal 2021 compared to net cash used in operating
activities of 168,100 for fiscal 2020, primarily due to the net
loss for the current year. Net cash used in investing
activities was 10,884,000 for fiscal 2021 compared to 84,100 for
fiscal 2020 due mainly to acquisition of Aquila in the current year
and purchase of investment securities. Net cash provided by
financing activities was 16,310,200 for fiscal 2021 compared to
 6,209,400 during fiscal 2020 due mainly to proceeds from issuance
of stock and the proceeds from the Payroll Protection Program
loan. 

The
Company's working capital increased by 5,595,800 to 16,144,300 as
of June 30, 2021 compared to 10,548,500, as of June 30, 2020,
primarily due to the cash received from the equity
financings. 

13 

I tem 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

The
consolidated Financial Statements required by this item are
attached hereto on pages F1-F28. 

I tem 9. 
 Changes In and
Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure. 

Not
applicable. 

I tem 9A. 
 Controls and
Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures . As of the end of the period covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, based on an evaluation of the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company has
concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are
effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
the Company in its Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the applicable time periods
specified by the SEC s rules and forms. The Company also
concluded that information required to be disclosed in such reports
is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management,
including its principal executive and principal financial officer,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Management s Annual
Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting . Management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over the Company s financial reporting, as such term
is defined in Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f).
The Company s internal controls over financial reporting are
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. 

The
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s
internal controls over financial reporting as of June 30, 2021
based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the
Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management's report was not
subject to attestation by the Company's registered public
accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only
management's report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting. Except as otherwise discussed above, there was no
change in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting
that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that materially
affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the Company's
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Inherent Limitations on
Effectiveness of Controls. The
Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, believes that its disclosure on
controls and procedures and internal controls over financial
reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving
their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance
level. However, management does not expect that its disclosure on
controls and procedures or its internal control over financial
reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system,
no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
control system are met. Further, the design of a control system
must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.
Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all
control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected.
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in
decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur
because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be
circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion
of two or more people or by management override of the controls.
The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon
certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and
there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving
its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time,
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost
effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may
occur and not be detected. 

I tem 9B. Other
Information. 

Not
applicable. 

14 

PART III 

I tem 10 . 
 Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance. 

Directors 

The
Company has the following seven Directors: 

Christopher Cox 
 (age 57), a director since February 2021,
has been a Senior Vice President of Population Health Investment
Co., Inc. since September 2020 and a Co-Founder and Managing
Partner of Population Health Partners LLC since May 2020. Mr. Cox
has been a corporate attorney for over 25 years, most recently at
Cadwalader, Wickersham Taft LLP, which he joined as a partner
in January 2012 and where he served a co-chair of the global
corporate group and a member of the firm s management
committee until February 2016. From February 2016 to March 2019,
Mr. Cox was Executive Vice President and Chief Corporation
Development Officer of Medicines Company. Prior to January 2012,
Mr. Cox was a partner at Chill Gordon 
Reindel. 

Joseph G. Cremonese 
 (age 86), a Director since November
2002 and Chairman of the Board from February 2006 to January 2020,
has been, through his affiliate, a consultant to the Company since
1996. Mr. Cremonese has been since 1991, President of his
affiliate, Laboratory Innovation Company, Ltd, which is a vehicle
for the consulting services for the Company. 

Marcus Frampton (age 41), a Director
since March 2019 is the Chief Investment Officer of the Alaska
Permanent Fund Corporation and serves on the Board of Directors of
Managed Funds Association and Nyrada, Inc., a drug development
company. He served as Director of Investments, Real Assets and
Absolute Return of the Alaska Permanent Fund from 2016 to 2018 and
Director of Investments, Private Markets of the Alaska Permanent
Fund from 2012 to 2016. 

John A. Moore (age 56), a Director
since January 2019 and Chairman of the Board since January 2020, is
also the President of SBI since January 2020 and had been providing
consulting services to SBI since March 2019. Mr. Moore serves as
Chairman of Nyrada, Inc., a drug development company since July
2019 and prior to that served as a director with Noxopharm Limited,
a drug development company, and is also the Chairman of Trialogics,
a clinical trial software provider. Mr. Moore was President, Chief
Executive Officer and director of Acorn Energy, Inc. from 2006 to
2016. 

Helena R. Santos 
 (age 57), a Director since 2009, has
been employed by the Company since 1994, and has served since
August 2002 as its President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer. She had served as Vice President,
Controller from 1997 and as Secretary from May
2001. 

Reinhard Vogt 
 (age 65), a Director since August
2020, is the Chairman of SBI and a business development consultant
to SBI and Aquila. He served as Executive Vice President and on the
Executive Board of Sartorius Stedim Biotech GmbH for the 10 years
prior to his retirement in July 2019. 

Jurgen Schumacher 
 (age 68), a Director since May
2021, is
currently a private investor in various startups and growth phase
technology companies. 

The
Directors are elected to three-year staggered terms. The current
terms of the Directors expire at the annual meeting of stockholders
of the Company as follows: the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021 -
three directors (Ms. Santos, Mr. Schumacher, and Mr. Vogt, Class
A), the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022 two directors (Mr.
Frampton and Mr. Moore, Class B), and the fiscal year ending June
30, 2023 two directors (Mr. Cremonese and Mr. Cox, Class
C.) 

Board Committees 

The
Company has two committees The Compensation Committee and
the Audit Committee which are comprised of the entire Board of
Directors. 

15 

Executive Officers 

See above for the employment history of 
 Ms. Santos 
 and Mr. Moore . 

Robert P. Nichols 
 (age 60), is the President of the
Genie Products Division of the Benchtop Laboratory Equipment
operations and Corporate Secretary and has been employed by the
Company since February 1998. Previously, he had been since May
2001, the Company s Vice President of
Engineering. 

Karl D. Nowosielski 
 (age 43), is the President of the
Torbal Products Division of the Benchtop Laboratory Equipment
operations and Director of Marketing for the Company. He was Vice
President of Fulcrum, Inc. (the seller of the Torbal Products
Division assets) from 2004 until February 2014. 

Daniel Grunes 
 (age 33), is the Vice President of
Research and Development and Operations of the Company s
Bioprocessing Operations. Prior to the Company s acquisition
of Aquila, he was the Chief Executive Officer of aquila biolabs
GmbH. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

The
Company believes that, for fiscal 2021, its officers, directors and
10 stockholders timely complied with all filing requirements of
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. 

Code of Ethics 

The
Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to the Executive
Officers and Directors. A copy of the code of ethics can be found
on the Company s website. 

I tem 11 . 
 Executive
Compensation . 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis. The
Compensation Committee reviews and recommends to the Board of
Directors the compensation to be paid to each executive officer.
Executive compensation, in all instances except for the
compensation for the Chief Executive Officer CEO ),
is based on recommendations from the CEO. The CEO makes a
determination by comparing the performance of each executive being
reviewed with objectives established at the beginning of each
fiscal year and with objectives established during the business
year with regard to the success of the achievement of such
objectives and the successful execution of management targets and
goals. 

With
respect to the compensation of the CEO, the Committee considers
performance criteria, 50 of which is related to the direction, by
the CEO, of the reporting executives, the establishment of
executive objectives as components for the successful achievement
of Company goals and the successful completion of programs leading
to the successful completion of the Business Plan for the Company
and 50 is based on the achievement by the Company of its financial
and personnel goals tempered by the amount of the income or loss of
the Company during the fiscal year. 

The
compensation at times includes grants of options under its stock
option plan to the named executives. Each officer is employed
pursuant to a long-term employment agreement, containing terms
proposed by the Compensation Committee and approved as reasonable
by the Board of Directors. The Board is cognizant that as a
relatively small company, the Company has limited resources and
opportunities with respect to recruiting and retaining key
executives. Accordingly, the Company has relied upon long-term
employment agreements and grants of stock options to retain
qualified personnel. 

Compensation
for each of its executive officers provided by their employment
agreements were based on the foregoing factors and the operating
and financial results of the segments under their
management. 

The
following table summarizes all compensation paid by the Company to
each of its executive officers for the fiscal years ended June 30,
2021 and 2020. 

16 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal
Position 

 (a) 

S alary 

 ) 

 (c) 

Bonus 

 ) 

 (d) 

Stock
Awards 

 ) 

 (e) 

Option
Awards 

 ) 

 (f) 

Non- Equity Incentive
Plan Compensation 

 ) 

 (g) 

Non-
Qualified 

 Deferred 

 Compensation 

 Earnings 

 ) 

 (h) 

Changes in Pension Value
and Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation
Earnings 

All Other
Compensation 

 ) 

 (i) 

Total 

 ) 

 (j) 

Helena R.
Santos, 

 CEO, President,
CFO 

191,200 

100,000 

0 

553,600 (1) 

0 

0 

0 

9,600 (6) 

854,400 

Helena R.
Santos, 

 CEO, President,
CFO 

185,700 

50,000 

0 

13,100 (1) 

0 

0 

0 

9,400 (6) 

258,200 

John A.
Moore, 

 President
of 

 SBI 

175,000 

100,000 

0 

553,600 (2) 

0 

0 

0 

7,000 (6) 

835,600 

John A.
Moore, 

 President
of 

 SBI 

145,000 

50,000 

0 

36,000 

0 

0 

0 

28,900 (7) 

259,900 

Daniel
Grunes, 

 Vice President of
R D and Operations of Bioprocessig
Operations 

30,200 (3) 

20,000 

0 

23,200 (3) 

0 

0 

0 

10,000 (3) 

83,400 

Daniel
Grunes, 

 Vice President of
R D and Operations of Bioprocessig
Operations 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Robert P.
Nichols, 

 President of Genie
Division 

167,200 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

6,700 (6) 

173,900 

Robert P.
Nichols, 

 President of Genie
Division 

162,300 

5,000 

0 

3,900 (4) 

0 

0 

0 

6,700 (6) 

177,900 

Karl D.
Nowosielski 

 President of Torbal
Division and Director of Marketing 

176,600 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

7,100 (6) 

183,700 

Karl D.
Nowosielski 

 President of Torbal
Division and Director of Marketing 

169,800 

10,000 

0 

6,300 (5) 

0 

0 

0 

7,200 (6) 

193,300 

17 

(1) 

The amount for 2021 represents compensation expense for stock
options granted on June 23, 2020 valued utilizing the
Black-Scholes-Merton options pricing model disregarding estimates
of forfeitures related to service-based vesting considerations,
which were valued at a total of 1,625,000 of which 553,600 was
expensed in fiscal 2021 and none in 2020. The amounts for 2020
represent compensation expense for the stock options granted on
July 1, 2017 which were valued at a total of 39,200 of which
 13,100 was expensed in fiscal 2020. No expense was necessary in
2021. 

(2) 

The amount for 2021 represents compensation expense for stock
options granted on June 23, 2020 valued utilizing the
Black-Scholes-Merton options pricing model disregarding estimates
of forfeitures related to service-based vesting considerations,
which were valued at a total of 1,625,000 of which 553,600 was
expensed in fiscal 2021 and none in 2020. T he amounts for
2020 represent compensation expense for the stock options granted
from March 2019 through June 2020 valued at 3,000 per month
utilizing the Black-Scholes-Merton options pricing model, of which
 36,000 was expensed in fiscal 2020. No expense was necessary in
2021. 

(3) 

Upon
the acquisition of Aquila in April 2021, Mr. Grunes, who was
Aquila s CEO, became the VP of R D and Operations for the
Bioprocessing Operations. The Option Awards amounts represent the
fiscal year 2021 compensation expense for stock options granted at
the time of acquisition which were valued utilizing the
Black-Scholes-Merton options pricing model disregarding estimates
for forfeitures related to service-based vesting considerations,
which were valued at a total of 409,300 of which 23,200 was
expensed in fiscal 2021 and none in fiscal 2020. Other compensation
represents retention bonus paid in accordance with his employment
agreement upon consummation of acquisition. 

(4) 

The
amounts represent compensation expense for the July 1, 2017 stock
options granted valued utilizing the Black-Scholes-Merton options
pricing model, disregarding estimates of forfeitures related to
service-based vesting considerations. The options were valued at a
total of 11,800, of which 3,900 was expensed in fiscal 2020. No
expense was necessary in 2021. 

(5) 

The amounts represent compensation expense for the stock options
granted on July 1, 2017, and February 26, 2017, valued utilizing
the Black-Scholes-Merton options pricing model, disregarding
estimates of forfeitures related to service-based vesting
considerations. The stock options were granted as part of his
employment agreement. The options were valued at a total of
 11,800, and 10,500, respectively, of which 6,300 was expensed in
fiscal 2020. No expense was necessary in 2021. 

(6) 

The amounts represent the Company s matching contribution
under the Company s 401(k). 

(7) 

The
amounts represent director and chairman fees paid to Mr. Moore
through June 30, 2020. On July 1, 2020 Mr. Moore became an employee
of the Company and thereafter was not paid any director
fees. 

18 

GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS IN FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30,
2021 

Name 

 (a) 

Grant 

 Date 

 (b) 

Estimate 

 Future
Payouts 

 Under
Non-Equity 

 Incentive 

 Plan 

(c) 

Estimated Future
Payouts Under 

 Equity 

 Incentive 

 Plan 

(d) 

All
Other 

 Stock Awards
Number 

 of Shares of
Stock 

 or 

 Units 

 (#) 

 (e) 

All
Other 

 Option 

 Awards: 

 Number 

 of 

 Securities 

 Underlying 

 Options
(#) 

 (f) 

Exercise 

 Or 

 Base
Price 

 of 

 Option 

 Awards 

 /Sh) 

 (g) 

Grant
Date 

 Fair
Value 

 of 

 Stock 

 and 

 Option 

 Awards 

 (h) 

Daniel
Grunes 

4/30/2021 

0 

0 

0 

56,000 

10.00 

409,300 

John A.
Moore 

6/23/2020( 

0 

0 

0 

215,366 

7.50-9.00 

1,625,000 

Helena R.
Santos 

6/23/2020( 

0 

0 

0 

215,366 

7.50-9.00 

1,625,000 

Although the grants were communicated on June 23, 2020, the awards
were formally issued on February 23, 2021 upon shareholder approval
of an increase in the number of shares available under the
Company s 2012 Stock Option Plan. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

Option
Awards 

Name 

 (a) 

Number 

 Of 

 Securities Underlying Unexercised Options(#) Exercisable 

 (b) 

Number 

 Of 

 Securities 

 Underlying Unexercised Options(#) 

 Unexercisable 

 (c) 

Equity 

 Incentive
Plan 

 Awards 

 Number
of 

 Securities
Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 

 (d) 

Option 

 Exercise 

 Price 

 ) 

 (e) 

Option 

 Expiration 

 Date 

 (f) 

Helena
Santos 

88,788 

143,578 

0 

3.08-9.00 

07/2027-06/2031 

John
A. Moore 

78,220 

149,732 

0 

4.50-11.30 

03/2029-06/2031 

Robert
Nichols 

7,500 

0 

0 

3.08 

12/2023-07/2027 

Karl
Nowosielski 

24,500 

0 

0 

2.91-4.05 

02/2024-07/2027 

Daniel
Grunes 

0 

56,000 

0 

10.00 

04/30/2031 

Employment Agreements 

The
Company has a three-year employment contract with its President,
effective July 1, 2017, which was extended by mutual agreement for
each one-year periods ending June 30, 2021 and 2022. The agreement
provided for an annual base salary of 175,000 for the year ended
June 30, 2018, with subsequent annual increases of 3 or percentage
increase in Consumer Price Index CPI ), whichever is
higher, plus 25,000 cash bonus for the year ended June 30, 2018,
and a discretionary bonus for subsequent years. Bonuses totaling
 100,000 were awarded for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 50,000
in 2020. The agreement also provided for a grant of options to
purchase 25,000 shares of the Company s stock, which were
granted during the year ended June 30, 2018. No shares were granted
during the year ended June 30, 2021, and 215,366 shares were
authorized to be granted by the Board of Directors during the year
ended June 30, 2020, which shares were not available and subject to
amendment to the Company s 2012 Stock Option Plan which was
approved in February 2021. The agreement also contains a provision
that within one year of a change of control, if either the Company
terminates the employment for any reason other than for "cause" or
the Presidents terminates her employment for "good reason", the
President will have the right to receive a lump sum payment equal
to three times the average of her total annual compensation paid
for the last five years preceding such
termination . 

The
Company has a three-year employment contract with its President of
the Genie Products Division of the Benchtop Laboratory Equipment
Operations and Corporate Secretary effective July 1, 2017, which
was extended by mutual agreement for each one-year periods ending
June 30, 2021 and 2022. The agreement provides for an annual base
salary of 153,000 for the year ended June 30, 2018, with
subsequent annual increases of 3 or percentage increase in the
CPI, whichever is higher, plus 10,000 cash bonus for the year
ended June 30, 2018, and a discretionary bonus for subsequent
years. No bonus was awarded for the year ended June 30, 2021 and a
 5,000 bonus was awarded in 2020. The agreement also provides for a
grant of options to purchase 7,500 shares of the Company s
stock, which were granted during the year ended June 30, 2018. No
options were granted during the year ended June 30, 2021 or
2020. 

19 

The
Company has a three-year employment contract with its President of
Torbal Products Division of the Benchtop Laboratory Equipment
Operations and Director of Marketing effective July 1, 2017, which
was extended by mutual agreement for each one-year periods ending
June 30, 2021 and 2022. The agreement provides for an annual base
salary of 157,000 for the year ended June 30, 2018, with
subsequent annual increases of 4 or percentage increase in the
CPI, whichever is higher, plus 10,000 cash bonus for the year
ended June 30, 2018 and subsequent years, subject to a minimum
increase of 5 in the division s EBITDA for the related year.
The agreement also provides for a grant of options to purchase
7,500 shares of the Company s stock, which were granted
during the year ended June 30, 2018. No options were granted during
the year ended June 30, 2021 or 2020. A performance-based bonus of
 10,000 was awarded for the year ended June 30, 2020. No bonus was
awarded for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

The
Company has a three-year employment contract with its President of
Scientific Bioprocessing, Inc., effective July 1, 2020. The
agreement provides for an annual base salary of 175,000 for the
year ended June 30, 2021, with subsequent annual increases of 3 or
percentage increase in the CPI, whichever is higher, plus
discretionary bonuses. The agreement also provides for a grant of
options to purchase 215,366 shares which were authorized to be
granted by the Board of Directors during the year ended June 30,
2020 and issued on February 23, 2021, which shares were not
available and subject to amendment to the Company s 2012
Stock Option Plan which was approved in February 2021. Prior to
July 1, 2020, the officer had a consulting agreement, which
terminated upon becoming an employee of the Company. Consulting
fees paid under this agreement amounted to 145,000 for the year
ended June 30, 2020, plus stock options valued at 36,000 which
were granted as part of the total compensation. Bonuses
amounting to 100,000 were awarded during the year ended June 30,
2021 and a bonus of 50,000 was awarded in during the year ended
June 30, 2020. The employment agreement contains termination
provisions stipulating that if the Company terminates the
employment other than for death, disability, or cause (as such term
is defined therein), or if employee resigns for "good reason" (as
such term is defined there), the Company shall pay severance
payments equal to either one year's salary at the rate of the
compensation at the time of termination is employee is terminated
within 12 months of the date of the agreement or six months' salary
is the employee is terminated after 12 months of the date of the
agreement, continue to pay the regular benefits provided by the
Company for the period equal to the length of the severance
payments and pay a pro rata portion of any bonus achieved prior to
such termination of employment. 

On
April 30, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement
with each of the four managing directors and sellers of Aquila for
an indefinite term, which can be terminated by either party upon
six months written notice in accordance with German law. The
agreements, which are identical, stipulate that in calendar year
2021, the employees will receive a salary of 105,000 euros, as well
as a guaranteed bonus of 45,000 euros for a total of 150,000 euros
per year on a pro-rata basis, and in calendar year 2022, they will
receive a salary of 105,000 euros and a bonus of 45,000
euros, subject to the achievement by Aquila of certain targets. In
addition, the employment agreements included a one time retention
bonus of 10,000 euros upon closing of the acquisition which
was paid in May 2021 by Aquila, and a retention bonus of 
25,000 euros if the Employee does not terminate his employment with
the Company within two years after the agreement date or the
Company does not terminate his employment for good
cause. 

All
of the employment agreements contain confidentiality and
non-competition covenants. The employment agreements for Ms.
Santos, Mr. Nichols and Mr. Nowosielski, contain termination
provisions stipulating that if the Company terminates the
employment other than for death, disability, or cause (as such term
is defined therein), or if the relevant employee resigns for
 good reason (as such term is defined therein), the
Company shall pay severance payments equal to one year s
salary at the rate of the compensation at the time of termination,
and continue to pay the regular benefits provided by the Company
for a period of one year from termination. The employment agreement
for Mr. Moore contains termination provisions stipulating that if
the Company terminates the employment other than for death,
disability, or cause (as such term is defined therein), or if Mr.
Moore resigns for good reason (as such term is
defined therein), the Company shall pay severance payments equal to
either one year s salary at the rate of the compensation at
the time of termination if Mr. Moore is terminated within 12 months
of the date of his agreement or six months salary if Mr.
Moore is terminated after 12 months of the date of his agreement,
and the Company will continue to pay the regular benefits provided
by the Company for the period equal to the length of the severance
payments and pay a pro rata portion of any bonus achieved prior to
such termination of employment. Ms. Santos employment
agreement also contains a provision that within one year of a
change of control, if either the Company terminates her employment
for any reason other than for cause or she terminates
her employment for good reason , she will have the
right to receive a lump sum payment equal to three times the
average of her total annual compensation paid for the last five
years immediately preceding such termination. 

20 

Directors Compensation and Options 

DIRECTORS COMPENSATION 

For the Year Ended June 30, 2021 

Name 

 (a) 

Fees 

 Earned
or Paid in Cash 

 ) 

 (b) 

Stock
Awards 

 ) 

 (c) 

Option
Awards 

 ) 

 (d) 

Non-Equity
Incentive Plan Comp-ensation 

 ) 

 (e) 

Changes
in Pension Value and Non-qualified Deferred Compensation
Earnings( (f) 

Non-qualified
Deferred Comp-ensation Earnings ) 

 (g) 

All 

 Other Comp- ensation ) 

 (h) 

Total 

 ) 

 (i) 

Christopher
Cox 

6,200 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

6,200 

Joseph
G. Cremonese 

18,800 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

108,000 (1) 

126,800 

Marcus
Frampton 

18,800 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

18,800 

Jurgen
Schumacher 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Reinhard
Vogt 

14,400 

0 

758,700 (4) 

0 

0 

0 

207,900 (2) 

981,000 

John
F.F. Watkins (3) 

10,400 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

10,400 

(1)
Represents amount paid to him and his affiliate pursuant to a
consulting agreement (see Items 12 and 13). 

(2)
Represents amount paid to him and his affiliate pursuant to a
consulting agreement (see Items 12 and 13). 

(3)
Mr. Watkins resigned from the Board during fiscal
2021. 

(4)
Represents the grant date aggregate fair value of 125,000 option
shares granted in connection with his consulting
agreement. 

The
Company paid each Director who is not an employee of the Company or
a subsidiary a quarterly retainer fee of 2,200 and a meeting fee
of 2,000 for each meeting attended for each of fiscal 2021 and
fiscal 2020. In addition, the Company reimburses each Director for
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at
board meetings. During fiscal 2021, total director compensation to
non-employee Directors aggregated 388,900, including the
consulting fees paid to Mr. Cremonese and his affiliate and Mr.
Vogt and his affiliate. 

On
June 23, 2020, Mr. Cremonese was awarded 20,000 options in
connection with his consulting agreement with an aggregate grant
date fair value of 108,500, all of which remain outstanding. Prior
to that, Mr. Cremonese had been awarded a total of 45,000 stock
options under the Company's 2002 and 2012 Stock Option Plans of
which 5,000 remain unexercised. 

On
July 20, 2020, Mr. Vogt was awarded 125,000 options in connection
with his consulting agreement with an aggregate grant date fair
value of 758,700, all of which remain unexercised. None of the
other directors have options outstanding. 

21 

I tem 12 . 
 Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters. 

The
following table sets forth, as of June 30, 2021, the number of
shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by (i) each person known
to the Company to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, (ii) each director of the Company, (iii)
each named executive officer of the Company, and (iv) all directors
and executive officers as a group. Shares not outstanding but
deemed beneficially owned by virtue of the right of any individual
to acquire shares within 60 days are treated as outstanding only
when determining the amount of and percentage of outstanding shares
of Common Stock owned by such individual. Each person has sole
voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown,
except as noted. Except as indicated in the table, the address for
each of the following is c/o Scientific Industries, Inc., 80
Orville Drive, Bohemia, New York 11716. 

Name 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

of
Class 

Roy
T. Eddleman, Trustee, Roy T. Eddleman Trust UAD
8-7-2000 

 Troy
Gould PC 

 1801
Century Park East Suite 1600 

 Los
Angeles, CA 900067 

2,127,264 (1) 

28.9 

Veradace Capital Management LLC

953,717 (2) 

14.1 

Bleichroeder
LP 

836,842 (3) 

12.4 

Brian
Pessin 

710,525 (4) 

10.6 

Christopher
Cox 

 One
World Financial Center 

 New
York, NY 10281 

444,000 (5) 

6.6 

Lyon
Polk 

 1585 Broadway 22 nd Floor 

 New
York, NY 10036 

444,000 (6) 

6.6 

Joseph
G. Cremonese 

134,412 (7) 

2.1 

Marcus
Frampton 

8,135 (8) 

) 

John
A. Moore 

281,730 (9) 

4.2 

Helena
R. Santos 

255,196 (10) 

3.8 

Jurgen
Schumacher 

37,893 (11) 

) 

Reinhard
Vogt 

132,893 (12) 

2.0 

Daniel
Grunes 

59,789 (13) 

) 

Karl
D. Nowosielski 

40,498 (14) 

) 

Robert
P. Nichols 

30,241 (15) 

1.0 

All
directors and executive officers as a group (10
persons) 

951,052 (16) 

19.2 

22 

(1) Based upon form Schedule
13D filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on July 14, 2021. Includes 894,376 shares
issuable upon exercise of warrants. 

(2) Based upon form Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on May
7, 2021. Includes 315,789 shares issuable upon exercise of
warrants. 

(3) Based upon form Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on June
25, 2021. Includes 278,947 shares issuable upon exercise of
warrants. 

(4) Based upon form
Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021. Includes 210,526
shares issuable upon exercise of warrants. 

(5) Based upon form Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on June
29, 2020. 

(6) Based upon form Schedule
13G filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020. 

(7) 102,412 shares are owned jointly with his wife,
7,000 shares are owned by his wife, and 25,000 shares are issuable
upon exercise of options. 

(8) Based upon SEC form 4 filed with the SEC on June 29,
2021. 

(9) Includes 238,478 shares
issuable upon exercise of options and warrants. 

(10) Includes 232,892 shares
issuable upon exercise of options and warrants. 

(11) Includes 12,631 shares issuable upon exercise of
warrants. 

(12) Includes 127,631 shares issuable upon exercise of options and
warrants. 

(13) Includes 57,263 shares issuable upon exercise of options and
warrants. 

(14) Includes (i) 9,683 shares of common stock issued in connection
with the acquisition of the Torbal Division in February 2014 and
(ii) 26,605 shares issuable upon exercise of options and
warrants. 

(15) Includes 8,552 shares issuable upon exercise of options and
warrants. 

(16) Includes 951,052 shares issuable upon exercise of options and
warrants. 

) - 
of Class is less than 1 . 

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to Company
options, warrants and rights as of June 30, 2021. 

Plan
Category 

Number
of Securities 

 to
be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options,
Warrants 

 and
Rights 

 (a) 

Weighted-Average 

 Exercise
Price 

 Of 

 Outstanding
Options, Warrants and Rights 

 (b) 

Number
of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in
Column 

 (a))
(c) 

Equity
Compensation plans 

 approved
by security holders 

1,180,800 

8.73 

5,243 

Equity
Compensation plans 

 not
approved by security holders 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Total 

1,180,800 

8.73 

5,243 

23 

I tem 13 . 
 Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions and Director
Independence. 

Mr.
Joseph G. Cremonese, a Director since November 2002, through his
affiliate, Laboratory Innovation Company, Ltd., provides consulting
services to the Company under a consulting agreement expiring on
December 31, 2021 at a monthly retainer of 9,000. The agreement
contains confidentiality and non-competition covenants. The Company
paid fees of 108,000 and 76,200 for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020,
respectively. 

Mr.
Reinhard Vogt, a Director since July 2020, through his
affiliate, Societ t Reinhard and Noah Vogt AG GmbH,
provides consulting services to the Company under a consulting
agreement expiring on July 20, 2022 at a monthly retainer of 12,500
euros. The agreement contains confidentiality and non-competition
covenants. The Company paid fees of 207,900 in fiscal
2021 and none in fiscal 2020, and granted him a 125,000 share
stock option valued at 758,700 on the grant date using the
Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model. 

I tem 14. Principal Accountant Fees
and Services. 

The
following is a description of the fees incurred by the Company for
services by the firm of Nussbaum Berg Klein Wolpow, CPAs LLP
(the Firm during fiscal 2021 and fiscal
2020. 

The
Company incurred for the services of the Firm fees of approximately
 85,200 and 77,500 for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively,
in connection with the audit of the Company s annual
consolidated financial statements and quarterly reviews; 5,000 for
additional audit related fees for fiscal 2021 and none for fiscal
2020, 7,850 and 7,500 for the preparation of the Company s
corporate tax returns for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020,
respectively, and 2,750 in fiscal 2021 for other services related
to tax services. 

In
approving the engagement of the independent registered public
accounting firm to perform the audit and non-audit services, the
Board of Directors as the Company s audit committee evaluates
the scope and cost of each of the services to be performed
including a determination that the performance of the non-audit
services will not affect the independence of the firm in the
performance of the audit services. 

PART IV 

I tem 15. Exhibits and Financial
Statement Schedules. 

Financial
Statements . The required
financial statements of the Company are attached hereto on pages
F1-F-28. 

24 

Exhibits . The following
Exhibits are filed as part of this report on Form
10-K: 

Exhibit Number 

Exhibit 

3 

Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws: 

3(a) 

Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as amended (filed as
Exhibit 1(a-1) to the Company's General Form for Registration of
Securities on Form 10 dated February 14, 1973 and incorporated by
reference thereto.) 

3(b) 

Certificate of Amendment of the Company s Certificate of
Incorporation, as filed on January 28, 1985 (filed as Exhibit 3(a)
to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 1985 and incorporated by reference
thereto.) 

3(c) 

By-Laws of the Company, as restated and amended (filed as Exhibit
3(ii) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
January 6, 2003 and Exhibit 3(ii) to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2007 and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

3(d) 

Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of Scientific Industries, Inc.
(filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on August 10, 2020 and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

3(e) 

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of
Scientific Industries, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2021
and incorporated by reference thereto). 

3(f) 

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of
Scientific Industries, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2021
and incorporated by reference thereto). 

4 

Instruments defining the rights of security holders: 

4(a) 

2002 Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 99-1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 25,
2002 and incorporated by reference thereto). 

4(b) 

2012 Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 10 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2012 and
incorporated by reference thereto). 

4(c) 

Amendment to the Company s 2012 Stock Option Plan (Filed as
Exhibit 4(c) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
filed on May 12, 2016 and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

Form of Warrant issued by the Company to Investors (Filed as
Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
on June 19, 2020, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

4(d) 

4(e) 

Amendment No. 2 to Scientific Industries, Inc. 2012 Stock Option
Plan (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2021 and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10 

Material Contracts: 

10(a) 

Lease between Registrant and AIP Associates,
predecessor-in-interest of current lessor, dated October, 1989 with
respect to Company's offices and facilities in Bohemia, New York
(filed as Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-KSB filed on September 28, 2005 and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(a)-1 

Amendment to lease between Registrant and REP A10 LLC, successor in
interest of AIP Associates, dated September 1, 2004 (filed as
Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on September 2, 2004, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(a)-2 

Second amendment to lease between Registrant and REP A10 LLC dated
November 5, 2007 (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2007, and
incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(a)-3 

Lease agreement dated August 8, 2014 by and between the
Company and 80 Orville Drive Associates LLC. (filed as Exhibit 10
to the Company's Form 10-K filed on September 26, 2014, and
incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(a)-3(i) 

First amendment to lease dated September 20, 2021 by and
betweeen the Company and REP 2035 LLC. 

10(b) 

Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2003, by and between the
Company and Ms. Santos (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22,
2003, and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(b)-1 

Employment Agreement dated September 1, 2004, by and between the
Company and Ms. Santos (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 1,
2004, and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(b)-2 

Employment Agreement dated December 29, 2006, by and between the
Company and Ms. Santos (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29,
2006, and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(b)-3 

Employment
Agreement dated July 31, 2009 by and between the Company and Ms.
Santos (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on August 7, 2009, and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(b)-4 

Employment
Agreement dated May 14, 2010 by and between the Company and Ms.
Santos (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2010, and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(b)-5 

Employment
Agreement dated September 13, 2011 by and between the Company and
Ms. Santos (filed as exhibit 10(b)-5 to the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2011, and
incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(b)-6 

Amended
Employment Agreement dated May 20, 2013 by and between the Company
and Ms. Santos (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2013, and incorporated
by reference thereto). 

10(b)-7 

Agreement
extension dated June 9, 2015 to amend employment agreement by and
between the Company and Ms. Santos (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2015,
and incorporated by reference thereto) 

10(b)-8 

Agreement
extension dated May 25, 2016 to amend employment agreement by and
between the Company and Ms. Santos (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2016,
and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(b)-9 

Employment
agreement dated July 1, 2017 by and between the Company and Ms.
Santos (filed as an exhibit to the Company's Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017, and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(c) 

Employment
Agreement dated January 1, 2003, by and between the Company and Mr.
Robert P. Nichols (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2003, and
incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(c)-1 

Employment
Agreement dated September 1, 2004, by and between the Company and
Mr. Nichols (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on September 1, 2004, and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(c)-2 

Employment
Agreement dated December 29, 2006, by and between the Company and
Mr. Nichols (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2006, and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(c)-3 

Employment
Agreement dated July 31, 2009 by and between the Company and Mr.
Nichols (filed as Exhibit 10A-2 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on August 7, 2009, and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(c)-4 

Employment
Agreement dated May 14, 2010 by and between the Company and Mr.
Nichols (filed as Exhibit 10A-2 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2010, and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(c)-5 

Employment
Agreement dated September 13, 2011 by and between the Company and
Mr. Nichols (filed as Exhibit 10(c)-5 to the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2011, and
incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(c)-6 

Amended
Employment Agreement dated May 20, 2013 by and between the Company
and Mr. Nichols (filed as Exhibit 10A-2 to the Company s
current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2013, and incorporated
by reference thereto). 

10(c)-7 

Agreement
extension dated June 9, 2015 to amend employment agreement with Mr.
Nichols (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2015, and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(c)-8 

Agreement
e Agreement extension dated May 25, 2016 to amend employment
agreement with Mr. Nichols (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2016,
and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(c)-9 

Employment
agreement dated July 1, 2017 by and between the Company and Mr.
Nichols (filed as an exhibit to the Company's Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017, and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(d) 

Consulting
Agreement dated January 1, 2003 by and between the Company and Mr.
Cremonese and his affiliate, Laboratory Innovation Company, Ltd.
(filed as Exhibit 10(b) to the Company s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2003, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(d)-1 

Amended
and Restated Consulting Agreement dated March 22, 2005, by and
between the Company and Mr. Cremonese and Laboratory Innovation
Company, Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2005, and
incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(d)-2 

Second
Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement dated March 15, 2007, by
and between the Company and Mr. Cremonese and Laboratory Innovation
Company Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2007, and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(d)-3 

Third
Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement dated September 23, 2009,
by and between the Company and Mr. Cremonese and Laboratory
Innovation Company, Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10 to the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K field on September 24,
2009, and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(d)-4 

Fourth
Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement dated January 7, 2011
(filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s Current Report on
Form 8-K (filed on January 18, 2011, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(d)-5 

Fifth
Amendment and Restated Consulting Agreement dated January 20, 2012
(filed as Exhibit 10 to the Company s Current Report on Form
8-K (filed on January 23, 2012, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(d)-6 

Agreement
extension dated November 29, 2012 to Amended and Restated
Consulting Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 4, 2012, and
incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(d)-7 

Agreement
extension dated December 12, 2013 to Amended and Restated
Consulting Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2013, and
incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(d)-8 

Agreement
extension dated January 14, 2015 to Amended and Restated Consulting
Agreement by and between the Company and Mr. Cremonese and
affiliates (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2015, and incorporated with
reference thereto). 

10(d)-9 

Agreement
extension dated January 7, 2016 to Amended and Restated Consulting
Agreement by and between the Company and Mr. Cremonese and
affiliates (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2016, and incorporated with
reference thereto). 

10(d)-10 

Agreement
extension dated February 16, 2018 to Amended and Restated
Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and Mr. Cremonese
and affiliates (filed as Exhibit 10-A1 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2018, and incorporated
with reference thereto). 

10(d)-11 

Agreement
extension dated January 23, 2019 to Amended and Restated Consulting
Agreement by and between the Company and Mr. Cremonese and
affiliates (filed as Exhibit 10-1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2019, and incorporated with
reference thereto). 

10(d)-12 

Monthly
Retainer Agreement between Scientific Bioprocessing, Inc. and Mr.
Cremonese and affiliates (filed as Exhibit 10(d)-12 to the
Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on February 13, 2020,
and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(d)-13 

Extension
of Monthly Retainer Agreement between Scientific Bioprocessing,
Inc. and Mr. Cremonese and affiliates (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 8,
2021, and incorporated with reference thereto). 

10(e) 

Sublicense
from Fluorometrix Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10(a)1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2006,
and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(f) 

Stock
Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2006, by and among the
Company and Grace Morin, Heather H. Haught and William D. Chandler
(filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on December 5, 2006, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(g) 

Escrow
Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2006, by and among the Company
and Grace Morin, Heather H. Haught and William D. Chandler (filed
as Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on December 5, 2006, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(h) 

Registration
Rights Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2006, by and among the
Company and Grace Morin, Heather H. Haught and William D. Chandler
(filed as Exhibit 10(b) to the Company s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2006, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(i) 

Employment
Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2006, between Altamira
Instruments, Inc. and Brookman P. March (filed as Exhibit 10(c) to
the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 5,
2006, and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(i)-1 

Employment
Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2008, between Altamira
Instruments, Inc. and Brookman P. March (filed as Exhibit 10A-2 to
the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 30,
2008, and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(i)-2 

Employment
Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2010, between Altamira
Instruments, Inc., and Brookman P. March (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to
the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13,
2010, and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(i)-3 

Employment
Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2012 between Altamira Instruments,
Inc. and Brookman P. March (filed as Exhibit 10(i)-3 to the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 27,
2012, and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(i)-4 

Agreement
Extension, dated as of May 21, 2014 between Altamira Instruments,
Inc. and Brookman P. March (filed as Exhibit 10 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 21, 2014,
and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(i)-5 

Agreement
extension dated June 9, 2015 to amend employment agreement (filed
as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on June 9, 2015, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(i)-6 

Agreement
extension dated May 25, 2016 to amend employment agreement (filed
as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on May 31, 2016, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(i)-7 

Employment
agreement dated July 1, 2017 by and between the Company and Mr.
March (filed as an exhibit to the Company's Annual Report on Form
10-K filed on June 30, 2017, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(i)-8 

Termination
notice dated February 14, 2020 to Mr. March (filed as Exhibit
10(I-8) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
February 18, 2020, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(j) 

Indemnity
Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2007 by and among the Company and
Grace Morin, Heather H. Haught and William D. Chandler (filed as
Exhibit 10(j) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB
filed on September 28, 2007 and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(k) 

Lease
between Altamira Instruments, Inc. and Allegheny Homes, LLC, with
respect to the Company s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania facilities
(filed as Exhibit 10(k) to the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-KSB filed on September 28, 2007 and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(k)-1 

Lease
between Altamira Instruments, Inc. and Allegheny Homes, LLC, with
respect to the Company s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania facilities
(filed as Exhibit 10(k)-1 to the Company s Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q filed on February 14, 2013, and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(l) 

Line of
Credit Agreements dated October 30, 2008, by and among the Company
and Capital One, N.A. (filed as Exhibits 10-A1(a) through (f) to
the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 30,
2008, and incorporated by reference thereto. 

10(l)-1 

Restated
Promissory Note Agreement dated January 20, 2010 by and among the
Company and Capital One N.A. (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 20,
2010, and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(I)-2 

Consulting
Agreement dated April 1, 2009 by and between the Company and Grace
Morin (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2009, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(m)-1 

Agreement
dated January 12, 2015 to extend Consulting Agreement (filed as
Exhibit 10A-2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on January 15, 2015, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(m)-2 

Agreement
dated January 7, 2016 to extend Consulting Agreement (filed as
Exhibit 10A-2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on January 26, 2016, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(m)-3 

Agreement
dated February 16, 2018 to extend Consulting Agreement (filed as
Exhibit 10A-2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on March 9, 2018, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(m)-4 

Agreement
dated January 23, 2019 to extend Consulting Agreement (filed as
Exhibit 10-2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on January 25, 2019, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(n) 

Line of
Credit Agreements dated June 14, 2011, by and among the Company and
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (filed as Exhibits 99.1 through 99.3 to
the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 16,
2011, and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(n)-1 

Promissory
Note dated June 5, 2013 by and among the Company and JP Morgan
Chase Bank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 99 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2013, and incorporated
by reference thereto). 

10(o) 

Purchase
Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2011, by and among the Company,
Scientific Bioprocessing, Inc., and Fluorometrix Corporation (filed
as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on November 17, 2011, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(p) 

Escrow
Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2011, by and among the Company,
Scientific Bioprocessing, Inc., and Fluorometrix Corporation (filed
as Exhibit 10(A) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on November 17, 2011, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(q) 

Research
and Development Agreement dated as of November 14, 2011, by and
between Scientific Bioprocessing, Inc. and Biodox R D
Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10(B) to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2011, and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(q)-1 

Notice
of termination of Research and Development Agreement dated June 12,
2013 (filed as Exhibit 99 to the Company s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on June 27, 2013, and incorporated by reference
thereto) 

10(r) 

Non-Competition
Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2011, by and among the Company,
Scientific Bioprocessing, Inc., and Joseph E. Qualitz (filed as
Exhibit 10(D) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on November 17, 2011, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(s) 

Promissory
Note, dated as of November 14, 2011, by and between the Company and
the University of Maryland, Baltimore County (filed as Exhibit
10(c) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
November 17, 2011, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(t) 

License
Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2001 by and between University
of Maryland, Baltimore County and Fluorometrix Corporation (filed
as Exhibit 10(E) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on November 21, 2011, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(u) 

Line of
Credit Agreements dated June 25, 2014, by and among the Company and
Bank of America Merrill Lynch (filed as Exhibits 99.1 through 99.2
(to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2,
2014, and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(v) 

Asset
Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2014, by and among the
Company and Fulcrum, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28,
2014, and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(v)-1 

Escrow
Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2014, by and among the Company,
and Fulcrum, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10(e) to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2014, and
incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(v)-2 

Non-Competition
Agreements, dated as of February 26, 2014, by and among the
Company, and James Maloy and Karl Nowosielski (filed as Exhibits
10(b) and 10(c) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on February 28, 2014, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(v)-3 

Registration Rights Ag r eement,
dated as of February 26, 2014, by and among the Company, and
Fulcrum, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10(d) to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2014, and
incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(v)-4 

Supply
Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2014, by and among the Company,
and Axis Sp 3.O.O. (filed as Exhibit 10(g) to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2014, and
incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(w) 

Line of
Credit Agreements dated June 26, 2015, by and among the Company and
First National Bank of Pennsylvania (filed as Exhibit 10.1 through
10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
June 30, 2015, and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(w)-1 

Commercial
Security Agreement dated July 5, 2016 by and among the Company, and
First National Bank of Pennsylvania. 

10(y) 

Note
Purchase Agreements with James Maloy dated May 7, 2015 (filed as
Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on June 30, 2015, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(z) 

Note
Purchase Agreements with Grace March dated May 19, 2015 (filed as
Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on June 30, 2015, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(aa) 

Consulting
Agreement dated March 1, 2019 between the Company and Mr. John A.
Moore (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2019, and incorporated by reference
thereto). 

10(aa)-1 

Amendment
to Consulting Agreement dated November 7, 2019 between the Company
and Mr. John A. Moore (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2019, and
incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(aa)-2 

Employment
Agreement dated July 1, 2020 between Scientific Bioprocessing, Inc.
and John A. Moore (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2020, and incorporated
by reference thereto). 

10(bb) 

Consulting
Agreement dated July 20, 2020 between the Company and Mr. Reinhard
Vogt and his affiliate Societat Reinhard and Noah Vogt AG (filed as
Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on July 22, 2020, and incorporated by reference
thereto.) 

10(bb)-1 

Amendment to Consulting Agreement between the Company
and Societ t Reinhard and Noah Vogt AG GmbH and Reinhard
Vogt (filed as Exhibit 10A-1 to the Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2021, and incorporated by reference
thereto. 

10(cc) 

Employment
Agreement dated July 1, 2020 between Scientific Bioprocessing, Inc.
and James Polk (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2020, and incorporated
by reference thereto). 

10(dd) 

Securities
Purchase Agreement dated June 18, 2020 between the Company and
Investors (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on June 19, 2020, and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(dd)-1 

Form of Amendment of Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between
the Company and Investors (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 13, 2021,
and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(ee) 

Loan
Agreement under the U.S. Small Business Administration Paycheck
Protection Program dated April 14, 2020 between the Company and
First National Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 21, 2020, and
incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(ff) 

Asset Purchase Agreement dated November 30, 2020 between Altamira
Instruments, Inc. and Beijing
JWGB Sci. Tech. Co., Ltd (filed as Exhibit 2 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1,
2020, and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(gg) 

Asset
Purchase Agreement dated April 28, 2021 between the Company and the
sellers of aquila biolabs GmbH (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2021,
and incorporate by reference thereto). 

10(gg)-1 

Directors 
Service Contract dated April 29, 2021 between the Company and the
sellers of aquila biolabs GmbH (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2021,
and incorporate by reference thereto). 

10(hh) 

Securities
Purchase Agreement dated April 29, 2021 between the Company and
Investors (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2021, and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(hh)-1 

Registration
Rights Agreement dated April 29, 2021 between the Company and
Investors (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2021, and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

10(hh)-2 

Amendment
No. 1 to Registration Rights Agreement dated April 29, 2021 between
the Company and Investors (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2021,
and incorporated by reference thereto). 

10(ii) 

Securities
Purchase Agreement dated June 18, 2021 between the Company and
Investors (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2021, and incorporated by
reference thereto). 

25 

S IGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

Date: October 14, 2021 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. 

(Registrant) 

/s/Helena
R. Santos 

Helena R. Santos 

President, Chief Executive Officer, 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Name 

Title 

Date 

Helena R. Santos 

President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer 

October 14, 2021 

Christopher
Cox 

Director 

October 14, 2021 

Joseph G. Cremonese 

Director 

October 14, 2021 

Marcus Frampton 

Director 

October 14, 2021 

John A. Moore 

Chairman of the Board 

October 14, 2021 

Jurgen Schumacher 

Director 

October 14, 2021 

Reinhard Vogt 

Director 

October 14, 2021 

26 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. 

AND SUBSIDIARIES 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND REPORT OF 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

CONTENTS 

Page 

Report
of independent registered public accounting firm 

F-1 

Consolidated
financial statements: 

Balance
sheets 

F-2 

Statements of
comprehensive loss 

F-3 

Statements of
changes in stockholders equity 

F-4 

Statements of cash
flows 

F-5 

Notes
to financial statements 

F-6
 F-28 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. 

AND SUBSIDIARIES 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND REPORT OF 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

Board
of Directors and Stockholders 

Scientific
Industries, Inc. 

Bohemia,
New York 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Scientific Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the
 Company as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the related
consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, changes in
stockholders' equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and
the related notes to the consolidated financial statements and
schedules (collectively, the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June
30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a
public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the auditing standards of
the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from
the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to those
charged with governance and that: (1) relate to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2)
involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex
judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not
alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as
a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit
matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they
relate. 

Business
Combination 

As
described in Note 16 to the financial statements, the Company
completed its acquisition of Aquila biolabs GmbH Aquila on April 29, 2021, for a total purchase
price of 7,880,100, resulting in the addition of 6,655,415 of
intangible assets. The acquisition was accounted for as a business
combination. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that the valuation
of acquired intangible assets is a critical audit matter is that
the valuation of the acquired intangible assets was considered
especially challenging and required significant auditor judgment
due to the complex determination by management of the appropriate
assumptions, such as discount rates, revenue projections, and
projected profit margins, for the valuation of the acquired
intangible assets. The Company, utilizing third-party specialists,
used income valuation models including Relief from Royalty Method
and the Multi-Period Excess Earning Method (MPEEM) to measure the
identified intangible assets. This required a high degree of
auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the
need to involve professionals having expertise in the valuation of
acquired intangible assets, when performing audit procedures to
evaluate management s judgments and conclusions related to
the valuation of the intangible assets. 

To test the estimated fair values of the identified intangible
assets, our audit procedures included, among others, reading the
underlying agreements, testing management s application of
the relevant accounting guidance, and involving a specialist to
assist us in the evaluation of the Company s valuation
methodology and testing of the significant assumptions used by the
Company to develop forecasted results for Aquila, including
projected revenue growth and operating margins. For example, we
compared the significant assumptions to current industry, market
and economic trends. Additionally, we tested the completeness and
accuracy of the underlying data supporting the significant
assumptions and estimates. 

/s/ Nussbaum Berg Klein Wolpow, CPAs LLP 

We have
served as the Company s auditor since 1991. 

Melville,
New York 

October
14, 2021 

F-1 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

BALANCE SHEETS 

AS OF JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

ASSETS 

2021 

2020 

Current
assets: 

Cash and cash
equivalents 

9,675,200 

7,559,700 

Investment
securities 

3,744,600 

331,800 

Trade accounts
receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of 15,600 and
 11,600, respectively 

1,294,700 

1,064,000 

Inventories 

2,977,100 

2,541,000 

Income tax
receivable 

333,300 

334,800 

Prepaid
expenses and other current assets 

350,900 

112,400 

Assets
of discontinued operations 

55,300 

793,000 

Total current
assets 

18,431,100 

12,736,700 

Property and
equipment, net 

412,600 

278,300 

Intangible assets,
net 

2,557,800 

128,700 

Goodwill 

4,395,400 

257,300 

Operating lease
right-of-use assets 

665,300 

803,300 

Other
assets 

54,300 

56,000 

Deferred
taxes 

2,489,900 

537,100 

Total
assets 

29,006,400 

14,797,400 

LIABILITIES
AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current
liabilities: 

Accounts
payable 

453,500 

334,600 

Accrued expenses
and taxes 

633,500 

679,000 

Contract
liabilities 

- 

20,000 

Contingent
consideration, current portion 

136,600 

111,000 

Bank
overdraft 

321,700 

43,100 

Lease liabilities,
current portion 

270,500 

195,800 

PPP Loan
Payable 

433,800 

563,800 

Liabilities of
discontinued operations 

37,200 

240,900 

Total current
liabilities 

2,286,800 

2,188,200 

Lease liabilities,
less current portion 

460,500 

640,800 

Contingent
consideration payable, less current portion 

23,400 

247,000 

Other long-term
liabilities 

10,900 

- 

Total
liabilities 

2,781,600 

3,076,000 

Stockholders 
equity: 

Common stock, .05
par value; 15,000,000 shares authorized; 6,477,945 and 2,881,065 shares issued; 6,458,143 and
2,861,263 shares outstanding in 2021 and 2020,
respectively 

324,000 

144,100 

Additional paid-in
capital 

26,613,500 

8,608,300 

Accumulated other
comprehensive loss 

(9,200 

- 

Retained earnings accumulated deficit) 

(651,100 

3,021,400 

26,277,200 

11,773,800 

Less common stock
held in treasury at cost, 19,802 shares 

52,400 

52,400 

Total
stockholders equity 

26,224,800 

11,721,400 

Total liabilities
and stockholders equity 

29,006,400 

14,797,400 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-2 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

2021 

2020 

Revenues 

9,775,200 

7,784,400 

Cost of
revenues 

4,799,800 

3,847,000 

Gross
profit 

4,975,400 

3,937,400 

Operating
expenses: 

General and
administrative 

4,028,500 

2,275,400 

Selling 

4,031,900 

1,185,800 

Research and
development 

1,623,800 

1,139,700 

Total operating
expenses 

9,684,200 

4,600,900 

Loss from
operations 

(4,708,800 

(663,500 

Other income
(expense): 

Interest
income 

82,200 

12,600 

Other income
(expense), net 

571,600 

(16,500 

Total other income
(expense), net 

653,800 

(3,900 

Loss from
continuing operations before income tax benefit 

(4,055,000 

(667,400 

Income tax benefit,
deferred 

(945,000 

(214,000 

Net loss from
continuing operations 

(3,110,000 

(453,400 

Discontinued
operations (Note 17): 

Loss from
discontinued operations, net of tax 

(562,500 

(249,900 

Net
loss 

(3,672,500 

(703,300 

Other comprehensive
loss: 

Foreign currency
translation adjustment 

(9,200 

- 

Comprehensive
loss 

(3,681,700 

(703,300 

Basic and diluted
loss per common share: 

Continuing
operations 

(0.97 

(.30 

Discontinued
operations 

(0.18 

(.16 

Consolidated
operations 

(1.15 

(.46 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-3 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Additional 

Accumulated
Other 

Total 

Common
Stock 

Paid-in 

Comprehensive 

Retained 

Treasury
Stock 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income
(Loss) 

Earnings 

Shares 

Amount 

Equity 

Balance, July 1,
2019 

1,513,914 

75,700 

2,592,700 

- 

3,724,700 

19,802 

52,400 

6,340,700 

Net
loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(703,300 

- 

- 

(703,300 

Issuance of Common
Stock and Warrants, net of issuance costs (Note 15) 

1,349,850 

67,500 

5,936,900 

- 

- 

- 

- 

6,004,400 

Stock options
exercised 

17,301 

900 

12,900 

- 

- 

- 

- 

13,800 

Stock-based
compensation 

- 

- 

65,800 

- 

- 

- 

- 

65,800 

Balance, June 30,
2020 

2,881,065 

144,100 

8,608,300 

- 

3,021,400 

19,802 

52,400 

11,721,400 

Net
loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(3,672,500 

- 

- 

(3,672,500 

Foreign currecy
translation adjustment 

- 

- 

- 

(9,200 

- 

- 

- 

(9,200 

Issuance of Common
Stock and Warrants, net of issuance costs (Note 15) 

3,595,880 

179,800 

15,894,200 

- 

- 

- 

- 

16,074,000 

Stock options
exercised 

1,000 

100 

3,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

3,100 

Stock-based
compensation 

- 

- 

2,108,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

2,108,000 

Balance, June 30,
2021 

6,477,945 

324,000 

26,613,500 

(9,200 

(651,100 

19,802 

52,400 

26,224,800 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-4 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

2021 

2020 

Operating
activities: 

Net
loss 

(3,672,500 

(703,300 

Adjustments to
reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating
activities: 

Gain on sale of
investment securities 

(35,600 

(4,400 

Depreciation and
amortization 

251,500 

160,900 

Deferred income tax
benefit 

(1,152,500 

(106,000 

Unrealized holding
loss on investment securities 

10,400 

12,400 

Loss on disposal of
subsidiary 

405,400 

- 

Provision for bad
debt 

4,000 

3,400 

Extinguishment of
debt 

(531,100 

- 

Gain on sale of
fixed assets 

- 

(300 

Stock-based
compensation 

2,108,000 

65,800 

Change in fair
value of contingent consideration 

(30,000 

112,600 

Changes in
operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade accounts
receivable 

(75,500 

906,800 

Inventories 

(560,000 

(292,400 

Income tax
receivable 

1,500 

(334,800 

Prepaid expenses
and other assets 

(211,400 

(22,400 

Right-of-use
assets 

138,000 

(803,300 

Accounts
payable 

79,600 

(214,400 

Lease
liabilities 

(105,600 

867,700 

Accrued
expenses 

(195,200 

191,500 

Contract
liabilities 

(20,000 

89,000 

Other long-term
liabilities 

10,900 

- 

Bank
overdraft 

278,600 

(96,900 

Total
adjustments 

371,000 

535,200 

Net cash used in
operating activities 

(3,301,500 

(168,100 

Investing
activities: 

Purchase of
investment securities 

(9,569,000 

(63,400 

Redemption of
investment securities 

6,181,400 

55,000 

Proceeds from sale
of fixed assets 

- 

1,000 

Capital
expenditures 

(198,700 

(50,900 

Proceeds from sale
of Altamira 

440,000 

- 

Purchase of Aquila,
net of cash acquired 

(7,679,000 

- 

Purchase of
intangible assets 

(58,700 

(25,800 

Net cash used in
investing activities 

(10,884,000 

(84,100 

Financing
activities: 

Repayment of
1 st 
Payroll Protection Plan loan 

(32,700 

- 

Proceeds from
2 nd 
Payroll Protection Plan loan 

433,800 

563,800 

Proceeds from
issuance of common stock and warrants 

17,080,400 

6,004,400 

Issuance costs -
common stock and warrants 

(1,006,400) 

- 

Proceeds from
exercise of stock options 

3,100 

13,800 

Payments for
contingent consideration 

(168,000 

(372,600 

Net cash provided
by financing activities 

16,310,200 

6,209,400 

Effect of changes
in foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash
eqivalents 

(9,200) 

- 

Net increase in
cash and cash equivalents 

2,115,500 

5,957,200 

Cash and cash
equivalents, beginning of year 

7,559,700 

1,602,500 

Cash and cash
equivalents, end of year 

9,675,200 

7,559,700 

Supplemental
disclosures: 

Cash paid during
the period for: 

Income
taxes 

2,500 

40,900 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-5 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

1. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Nature
of Business 

Scientific
Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company design, manufacture, and market a variety of benchtop laboratory
equipment and bioprocessing products. The Company is headquartered
in Bohemia, New York where it produces benchtop laboratory
equipment. Additionally, the Company has two other locations in
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and Baesweiller, Germany, where it designs
and produces a variety of bioprocessing products, and an
administrative facility in Orangeburg, New York related to sales
and marketing. The products, which are sold to customers worldwide,
include mixers, shakers, stirrers, refrigerated incubators,
pharmacy balances and scales, force gauges, bioprocessing sensors
and analytical tools. The Company also sublicenses
certain patents and technology under a license agreement with the
University of Maryland, Baltimore County, and receives royalty fees
from sublicenses (see Note 1- Revenue Recognition). 

COVID-19 Pandemic 

The
challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy
began to take effect and impacted the Company s operations at
the end of the third quarter of the year ended June 30, 2020. At
that time, the Company took appropriate action and put plans in
place to diminish the effects of COVID-19 on its operations,
enabling the Company to continue to operate with minor or temporary
disruptions to its operations. The Company took immediate action as
it pertains to COVID-19 preparedness by implementing the Center for
Disease Control s guidelines for employers in order to
protect the Company s employees health and safety,
with actions such as implementing work from home, social distancing
in the workplace, requiring self-quarantine for any employee
showing symptoms, wearing face coverings, and training employees on
maintaining a healthy work environment. The Bioprocessing Systems
Operations SBI facility was shut down temporarily due to
state mandates, however, the impact on operations was immaterial,
and the Company has been able to retain its employees without
furloughs or layoffs, in part, due to the Company receipt of
two loans under the Federal Government s Small Business
Administration Paycheck Protection Program. The Company received
 563,800 and 433,800 in Payroll Protection Program loans in April
2020 and March 2021, respectively. The first loan was forgiven in June
2021 except for 32,700 which was repaid by the Company. The
Company expects to apply and receive forgiveness for the second
loan. The
operations of aquila biolabs GmbH ("Aquila") which was acquired on
April 29, 2021 was negatively impacted in its ability to secure new
orders because Aquila had historically relied on face-to-face
meetings at trade shows for its sales opportunities. While it has
participated in virtual trade shows, management believes that
certain sales opportunities are lost as a result. The Company has
not experienced and does not anticipate any material impact on its
ability to collect its accounts receivable due to the nature of its
customers, which are primarily distributors of laboratory equipment
and supplies which have benefitted from the Pandemic due to the
nature of the products and have the ability to pay. The
Company has not experienced and does not anticipate any material
impairment to its tangible and intangible assets, system of
internal controls, or delivery and distribution of its products as
a result of COVID-19, however the ultimate impact of COVID-19 on
the Company s business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows is dependent on future developments,
including the duration or worsening of the pandemic and the related
length of its impact on the global economy, which are uncertain and
cannot be predicted at this time. The Company is currently
experiencing some delays from its supply chain which is having an
impact on delayed delivery of some products, however this is deemed
temporary and does not affect the Company s major product
 the Vortex-Genie 2. In addition, due to the travel
restrictions imposed by the United States and other governments
worldwide, Company personnel may be restricted from traveling to
conduct its operations including site visits, customer visits and
installations, vendor facility visits, and other sales and
marketing related travel that can negatively impact the
Company. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of Scientific Industries, Inc., Scientific Packaging Industries,
Inc., an inactive wholly-owned subsidiary, Altamira Instruments,
Inc. Altamira ), a Delaware corporation and
wholly-owned subsidiary (discontinued operation as of November 30,
2020), and Scientific Bioprocessing Holdings, Inc. SBHI ), a newly incorporated Delaware corporation and
its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Scientific Bioprocessing, Inc. SBI ), a Delaware corporation, and Aquila, a German
corporation, which was aquired on April 29, 2021, (all collectively
referred to as the Company ). On April 30, 2021
Scientific Industries, Inc. contributed 100 of the stock of
Scientific Bioprpcessing, Inc. to its wholly owned subsidiary
Scientific Bioprocessing Holdings, Inc. All material
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation. 

F-6 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

1. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Revenue Recognition 

The
company recognizes revenue in accordance with Financial Accounting
Standards Board ('FASB") Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 606 Revenue
from Contracts with Customers, ASC
606 ), In
accordance with ASC 606, the Company accounts for a customer
contract when both parties have approved the contract and are
committed to perform their respective obligations, each
party s rights can be identified, payment terms can be
identified, the contract has commercial substance, and it is
probable that the Company will collect substantially all of the
consideration to which it is entitled. Revenue is recognized when,
or as, performance obligations are satisfied by transferring
control of a promised product or service to a
customer. 

All of
the Company's contracts have a single performance obligation. As
permitted by ASC 606, the Company does not disclose the amount of
unsatisfied performance obligations for client contracts with an
original expected length of one year or less. 

The
Company determines revenue recognition through the following
steps: 

Identification
of the contract, or contracts, with a customer 

Identification
of the performance obligations in the contract 

Determination
of the transaction price 

Allocation
of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the
contract 

Recognition
of revenue when, or as, a performance obligation is
satisfied 

Nature of Products and Services 

We
generate revenues from the following sources: (1) Benchtop
Laboratory Equipment and (2) Bioprocessing Systems. 

Benchtop Laboratory
Equipment 

Bioprocessing
Systems 

Consolidated 

June 30,
2021: 

Revenues 

9,043,600 

731,600 

9,775,200 

Foreign
Sales 

3,483,700 

684,600 

4,168,300 

Benchtop Laboratory
Equipment 

Bioprocessing
Systems 

Consolidated 

June 30,
2020: 

Revenues 

6,783,600 

1,000,800 

7,784,400 

Foreign
Sales 

2,589,800 

1,000,400 

3,590,200 

F-7 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

1. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Revenue Recognition (Continued) 

Nature of Products and Services (Continued) 

Benchtop
laboratory equipment sales comprise primarily of standard benchtop
laboratory equipment to laboratory equipment distributors, or to
end users primarily via e-commerce. The sales cycle from time of
receipt of order to shipment is very short varying from a day to a
few weeks. Customers either pay by credit card (online sales) or
Net 30-90, depending on the customer. Once the item is shipped
under the FOB terms specified in the order, which is primarily
 FOB Factory , other than a standard warranty, there
are no other obligations to the customer. Warranty usually
comprises of one to two year parts and labor and is deemed
immaterial. Revenue is recognized at a point in time when the
risks and rewards of ownership have tranferred to the customer,
which is generally upon shipment. 

Bioprocessing
revenues consist of royalty revenues generated through SBI and
product revenues generated primarily through Aquila. Royalty
revenues are earned by the Company under a licensing agreement from
a single licensee and its sublicenses. The license agreement
includes two United States patents and a European Union patent
(through December 2019). In January 2020, the European Union patent
which was due to expire in August 2020,was terminated and the
Company will only receive royalties under the United States patents
through December 2023, which will result in a material reduction in
total royalties expected to be received. The Company is obligated
to pay 50 of all royalties earned to the entity that licenses the
intellectual property to the Company. Royalty revenue
requires significant judgement in estimating royalty revenue to be
recognized during the year. 

The
Company has made the following accounting policy elections and
elected to use certain practical expedients, as permitted by the
FASB, in applying ASC 606: 1) All revenues are recorded net of
returns, allowances, customer discounts, and incentives; 2)
Although sales and other taxes are immaterial, the Company accounts
for amounts collected from customers for sales and other taxes, if
any, net of related amounts remitted to tax authorities; 3) the
Company expenses costs to obtain a contract as they are incurred if
the expected period of benefit, and therefore the amortization
period, is one year or less; 4) the Company accounts for shipping
and handling activities that occur after control transfers to the
customer as a fulfillment cost rather than an additional promised
service and these fulfillment costs fall within selling expenses;
5) the Company is always considered the principal and never an
agent, because it has full control and responsibility until title
is transferred to the customer; 6) the Company does not assess
whether promised goods or services are performance obligations if
they are immaterial in the context of the contract with the
customer such as is the case with catalyst
instruments. 

F-8 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

1. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with
original maturities of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. At
times, cash balances may be in excess of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limit. As of
June 30, 2021, and 2020, 8,922,800 and 6,729,300 respectively of
cash balances were in excess of such limit. 

Reclasses 

Certain amounts on the balance sheet as of June
30, 2021 and 2020 pertaining to inventories, property and
equipment, goodwill, accounts payable, accrued expenses, contract
liabilities, and operating leases liabilities were reclassed as
assets and liabilities of discontinued operations due to the sale
of the Company's wholly owned subsidiary,
Altamira Instruments, Inc. on November 30,
2020. 

Accounts Receivable 

In
order to record the Company s accounts receivable at their
net realizable value, the Company must assess their collectability.
A considerable amount of judgment is required in order to make this
assessment, including an analysis of historical bad debts and other
adjustments, a review of the aging of the Company s
receivables, and the current creditworthiness of the
Company s customers. The Company has recorded allowances for
receivables which it considered uncollectible, including amounts
for the resolution of potential credit and other collection issues
such as disputed invoices and customer satisfaction claims. 
However, depending on how such potential issues are resolved, or if
the financial condition of any of the Company s customers was
to deteriorate and its ability to make required payments became
impaired, increases in these allowances may be required. The
Company actively manages its accounts receivable to minimize credit
risk. The Company does not obtain collateral for its accounts
receivable. Based on its assessment, the Company concluded that
there are no collection issues related to the COVID-19
Pandemic. 

Contract Liabilities 

Contract
liabilities consists of billings or payments received in advance of
revenue recognition and is recognized as the revenue recognition
criteria are met. Amounts that have been invoiced are initially
recorded in accounts receivable and contract liabilities. The
Company invoices its customers in accordance with the terms of the
underlying contract. Accordingly, the contract liabilities balance
does not represent the total contract value of outstanding
arrangements. Contract liabilities that are expected to be
recognized during the subsequent 12-month period are recorded as
current and the remaining portion as noncurrent. Contract
liabilities were not significant at June 30, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. 

Investment Securities 

Investment
securities consist of equity securities and mutual funds with
realized gains and losses recorded using the specific
identification method. Changes in fair value are recorded as
unrealized holding gains or losses in other income (loss), net on
the statement of comprehensive loss. The Company determines the
cost of the investment sold based on an average cost basis at the
individual security level, and records the interest income and
realized gains or losses on the sale of these investments in other
income (loss), net. 

Inventories 

Inventories are
valued at the lower of cost (determined on a first-in, first-out
basis) or net realizable value, and have been reduced by an
allowance for excess and obsolete inventories. The estimate is
based on management s review of inventories on hand compared
to estimated future usage and sales. Cost of work-in-process and
finished goods inventories include material, labor and
manufacturing overhead. 

F-9 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

1. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Property and Equipment 

Property and
equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation of property and
equipment is provided for primarily by the straight-line method
over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold
improvements are amortized by the straight-line method over the
remaining term of the related lease or the estimated useful lives
of the assets, whichever is shorter. 

Research and Development
Expenses 

Research and development expenses are expensed as
incurred and consist principally of internal and external costs
which includes the cost of patent licenses, contract research
services, laboratory supplies, in-process research and development
acquired, as well as product developments and
enhancements. 

Finite Lived Intangible Assets 

Intangible assets
consist primarily of acquired technology, customer relationships,
non-compete agreements, patents, licenses, websites, and in process
research and development IPR D ), trademarks and
trade names. All finite lived intangible assets are amortized on a
straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the
respective assets, generally 3 to 10 years. The Company continually
evaluates the remaining estimated useful lives of intangible assets
that are being amortized to determine whether events or
circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of
amortization. 

Goodwill and Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets 

Goodwill represents
the excess of purchase price over the fair value of identifiable
net assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill and
indefinite lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at
least annually in accordance with the provisions of ASC 350,
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other ASC
350 ). ASC 350 requires that goodwill be tested for
impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one
level below an operating segment) on an annual basis and between
annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would
more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit
below its carrying value. Application of the goodwill impairment
test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting
units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units,
assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the
fair value of each reporting unit. The Company tests goodwill and
long-lived assets annually as of June 30, the last day of its
fiscal year, unless an event occurs that would cause the Company to
believe the value is impaired at an interim date. The Company
concluded as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, there was no impairment of
goodwill or indefinite lived intangible assets. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

The
Company follows the provisions of ASC No. 360, Property,
Plant and Equipment - Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets ASC 360"). ASC 360 which requires evaluation of the need
for an impairment charge relating to long-lived assets whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If an evaluation for
impairment is required, the estimated future undiscounted cash
flows associated with the asset would be compared to the
asset s carrying amount to determine if a write down to a new
depreciable basis is required. If required, an impairment charge is
recorded based on an estimate of future discounted cash flows. The
Company concluded as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, there was no
impairment of long-lived assets. 

F-10 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

1. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Income Taxes 

The
Company and its subsidiaries file a consolidated U.S. federal
income tax return. Income taxes are accounted for under the asset
and liability method. The Company provides for federal, and state
income taxes currently payable, as well as for those deferred due
to timing differences between reporting income and expenses for
financial statement purposes versus tax purposes. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributed to temporary differences between the
financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and
liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to
apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of
a change in income tax rates is recognized as income or expense in
the period that includes the enactment date. 

The
Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those
positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized
income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is
greater than 50 likely of being realized. Changes in recognition
or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in
judgment occurs. 

Advertising 

Advertising costs
are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense amounted to 399,700
and 218,700 for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. 

Stock Compensation Plan 

The
Company has a ten-year stock option plan (the 2012
Plan which provides for the grant of options to purchase up
to 1,193,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value
 .05 per share Common Stock ), plus up to 57,000
shares under options previously granted under the 2002 Stock Option
Plan of the Company (the Prior Plan ). 

The
2012 Plan provides for the granting of incentive or non-incentive
stock options as defined in the 2012 Plan through 2022. Incentive
stock options may be granted to employees at an exercise price
equal to 100 (or 110 if the optionee owns directly or indirectly
more than 10 of the outstanding voting stock) of the fair market
value of the shares of Common Stock on the date of the grant.
Non-incentive stock options shall be granted at the fair market
value of the shares of Common Stock on the date of grant. At June
30, 2021 and 2020, 5,243 and 147,414 shares respectively, of Common
Stock were available for grant of options under the 2012
Plan. 

Stock-based
compensation is accounted for in accordance with ASC No. 718
 Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC No.
718 which requires compensation costs related to
stock-based payment transactions to be recognized. The amount of
compensation cost is measured based on the grant-date fair value of
the equity issued and expensed ratably over the requisite service
period. 

F-11 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2019 

1. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Use of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America and
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission requires management to make estimates and
judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial
statements and accompanying notes. Estimates are used for, but not
limited to, the allowance for doubtful accounts, slow-moving
inventory reserves, depreciation and amortization, assumptions made
in valuing equity instruments, fair value of stock options, the
fair values of intangibles and goodwill, and provision or benefit
for income taxes. The actual results experienced by the Company may
differ materially from management s estimates. 

Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share 

Basic
earnings or l oss per common share is computed
by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted- average number
of shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per common share includes
the dilutive effect of stock options, if any. Since the
Company was in a loss position during the years ended June 30, 2021
and 2020, respectively, basic net loss per share is the same as
dilutive net loss per share as the inclusion of the
weighted-average number of all potential dilutive common shares
which consists of stock options and warrants are
anti-dilutive. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Simplifying the
Accounting for Income Taxes, which is designed to simplify the
accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the
general principles in Topic 740. ASU No. 2020-12 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim
periods within those fiscal years; this ASU allows for early
adoption in any interim period after issuance of the update. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this
guidance. 

Adopted Accounting Pronouncement 

In
August 2018, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU")
2018-13, "Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework
Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement",
which is part of the FASB disclosure framework project to improve
the effectiveness of disclosures in the notes to the financial
statements. The amendments in the new guidance remove, modify, and
add certain disclosure requirements related to fair value
measurements covered in Topic 820, "Fair Value Measurement." The
new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for either the entire
standard or only the requirements that modify or eliminate the
disclosure requirements, with certain requirements applied
prospectively, and all other requirements applied retrospectively
to all periods presented 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases, which
replaces previous lease guidance in its entirety with ASC 842 and
requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities
for those arrangements classified as operating leases under
previous guidance, with the exception of leases with a term of
twelve months or less. The Company adopted ASU No. 2016-02 on July
1, 2019 using the additional transition method, which allows prior
periods to be presented under previous lease accounting guidance.
Refer to Note 11, "Leases", for related disclosures. 

F-12 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

2. 

Segment Information 

The
Company views its operations as two segments: the manufacture and
marketing of standard benchtop laboratory equipment for research in
university, hospital and industrial laboratories sold primarily
through laboratory equipment distributors and laboratory and
pharmacy balances and scales Benchtop Laboratory Equipment
Operations ), and the design and marketing of bioprocessing
systems and products and related royalty income Bioprocessing Systems ). 

Segment
information is reported as follows: 

Benchtop Laboratory
Equipment 

Bioprocessing
Systems 

Corporate and
Other 

Consolidated 

June 30,
2021: 

Revenues 

9,043,600 

731,600 

- 

9,775,200 

Foreign
Sales 

3,483,700 

684,600 

_ 

4,168,300 

Income (Loss) From
Operations 

1,461,300 

(4,828,600 

(1,341,400 

(4,708,800 

Assets 

14,783,000 

8,735,100 

5,488,300 

29,006,400 

Long-Lived Asset
Expenditures 

60,500 

196,900 

- 

257,400 

Depreciation and
Amortization 

103,100 

148,400 

- 

251,500 

Benchtop Laboratory
Equipment 

Bioprocessing
Systems 

Corporate and
Other 

Consolidated 

June 30,
2020: 

Revenues 

6,783,600 

1,000,800 

- 

7,784,400 

Foreign
Sales 

2,589,800 

1,000,400 

- 

3,590,200 

Income (Loss) From
Operations 

449,700 

(727,500 

(385,700 

(663,500 

Assets 

12,232,600 

546,100 

2,018,700 

14,797,400 

Long-Lived Asset
Expenditures 

36,000 

40,700 

- 

76,700 

Depreciation and
Amortization 

116,900 

42,700 

- 

159,600 

F-13 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

3. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The
FASB defines the fair value of financial instruments as the amount
that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
the measurement date. Fair value measurements do not include
transaction costs. 

The
accounting guidance also expands the disclosure requirements around
fair value and establishes a fair value hierarchy for valuation
inputs. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three levels
based on the extent to which inputs used in measuring fair value
are observable in the market. Each fair value measurement is
reported in one of the three levels, which is determined by the
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
measurement in its entirety. These levels are described
below: 

Level
1 

Inputs
that are based upon unadjusted quoted prices for identical
instruments traded in active markets. 

Level
2 

Quoted
prices in markets that are not considered to be active or financial
instruments for which all significant inputs are observable, either
directly or indirectly. 

Level
3 

Prices
or valuation that require inputs that are both significant to the
fair value measurement and unobservable. 

In
valuing assets and liabilities, the Company is required to maximize
the use of quoted market prices and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs. The Company calculated the fair value of its
Level 1 and 2 instruments based on the exchange traded price of
similar or identical instruments where available or based on other
observable instruments. These calculations take into consideration
the credit risk of both the Company and its counterparties. The
Company has not changed its valuation techniques in measuring the
fair value of any financial assets and liabilities during the
period. 

The
fair value of the contingent consideration obligations is based on
a probability weighted approach derived from the estimates of
earn-out criteria and the probability assessment with respect to
the likelihood of achieving those criteria. The measurement is
based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market,
therefore, the Company classifies this liability as Level 3 in the
following table. 

The
following tables set forth by level within the fair value hierarchy
the Company s financial assets that were accounted for at
fair value on a recurring basis at June 30, 2021 and 2020 according
to the valuation techniques the Company used to determine their
fair values: 

Fair
Value Measurements Using Inputs Considered as 

Fair
Value at June 30, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets: 

Cash and cash
equivalents 

9,675,200 

9,675,200 

- 

- 

Investment
securities 

3,744,600 

2,920,600 

824,000 

- 

Total 

13,419,800 

12,595,800 

824,000 

- 

Liabilities: 

Contingent
consideration 

160,000 

- 

160,000 

Fair
Value Measurements Using Inputs Considered as 

Fair
Value at June 30, 2020 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets: 

Cash and cash
equivalents 

7,559,700 

7,559,700 

- 

- 

Investment
securities 

331,800 

331,800 

- 

- 

Total 

7,891,500 

7,891,500 

- 

- 

Liabilities: 

Contingent
consideration 

358,000 

- 

358,000 

F- 14 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

3. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments (Continued)

The
following table sets forth an analysis of changes during the years
ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in Level 3 financial
liabilities of the Company: 

2021 

2020 

Beginning
balance 

358,000 

618,000 

Increase (decrease)
in contingent consideration liability 

(30,000 

112,600 

Payments 

(168,000 

(372,600 

Ending
balance 

160,000 

358,000 

The
Company s contingent obligations require cash payments to the
sellers of certain acquired operations based on royalty payments
received or operating results achieved. These contingent
considerations are classified as liabilities and the liabilities
are remeasured to an estimated fair value at each reporting date.
During the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded
an increase (decrease) in the estimated fair value of contingent
liabilities of approximately 30,000) and 112,600, respectively
related to its Bioprocessing Systems Operations
segment. 

Investments in
marketable securities by security type at June 30, 2021 and 2020
consisted of the following: 

Cost 

Fair
Value 

Unrealized Holding
Gain (Loss) 

At June 30,
2021: 

Equity
securities 

102,200 

154,100 

51,900 

Mutual
funds 

2,752,400 

2,766,500 

14,100 

Debt
securities 

832,700 

824,000 

(8,700 

3,687,300 

3,744,600 

57,300 

Cost 

Fair
Value 

Unrealized Holding
Gain (Loss) 

At June 30,
2020: 

Equity
securities 

77,600 

101,900 

24,300 

Mutual
funds 

250,300 

229,900 

(20,400 

327,900 

331,800 

3,900 

F-15 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

4. 

Inventories 

2021 

2020 

Raw
materials 

2,170,400 

1,726,400 

Work-in-process 

39,600 

35,700 

Finished
goods 

767,100 

778,900 

2,977,100 

2,541,000 

5. 

Property and Equipment 

Useful
Lives 

(Years) 

2021 

2020 

Automobiles 

5 

22,000 

22,000 

Computer
equipment 

3-5 

233,500 

215,300 

Machinery and
equipment 

3-7 

1,047,600 

847,500 

Furniture and
fixtures 

4-10 

148,800 

142,300 

Leasehold
improvements 

3-10 

64,400 

50,300 

1,516,300 

1,277,400 

Less accumulated
depreciation and amortization 

1,103,700 

999,100 

412,600 

278,300 

Depreciation
expense was 104,600 and 88,700 for the years ended June 30, 2021
and 2020, respectively. 

6. 

Goodwill and Finite Lived Intangible Assets 

Goodwill represents
the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net
assets acquired in connection with the Company s
acquisitions. Goodwill amounted to 4,395,400 at June 30, 2021 and
257,300 at June 30, 2020, all of which is expected to be deductible
for tax purposes. 

The
components of finite lived intangible assets are as
follows: 

Useful 

 Lives 

Cost 

Accumulated
Amortization 

Net 

At June 30,
2021: 

Technology,
trademarks 

5-10
yrs. 

364,700 

362,200 

2,500 

Trade
names 

3-6
yrs. 

592,300 

152,600 

439,700 

Websites 

3-7
yrs. 

210,000 

210,000 

- 

Customer
relationships 

4-10
yrs. 

372,200 

102,400 

269,800 

Sublicense
agreements 

10
yrs. 

294,000 

283,000 

11,000 

Non-compete
agreements 

4-5
yrs. 

1,060,500 

308,600 

751,900 

IPR D 

3-5
yrs. 

852,100 

134,800 

717,300 

Patents 

5-7
yrs. 

591,500 

225,900 

365,600 

4,337,300 

1,779,500 

2,557,800 

F-16 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

6. 

Goodwill and Finite Lived Intangible Assets
(Continued) 

Useful 

 Lives 

Cost 

Accumulated
Amortization 

Net 

At June 30,
2020: 

Technology,
trademarks 

5/10
yrs. 

664,700 

662,000 

2,700 

Trade
names 

6 yrs. 

140,000 

140,000 

- 

Websites 

5 yrs. 

210,000 

210,000 

- 

Customer
relationships 

9/10
yrs. 

357,000 

321,400 

35,600 

Sublicense
agreements 

10
yrs. 

294,000 

253,600 

40,400 

Non-compete
agreements 

5 yrs. 

384,000 

384,000 

- 

IPR D 

3 yrs. 

110,000 

110,000 

- 

Patents 

5 yrs. 

246,600 

196,600 

50,000 

2,406,300 

2,277,600 

128,700 

Total
amortization expense was 146,900 and 72,000 in 2021 and 2020,
respectively. 

Estimated future
amortization expense of intangible assets as of June 30, 2021 is as
follows: 

Year Ended June
30, 

2022 

525,700 

2023 

520,000 

2024 

508,800 

2025 

473,100 

2026 

530,200 

Total 

2,557,800 

7. 

Line of Credit 

The
Company has a Demand Line of Credit through December 2021 with
First National Bank of Pennsylvania which provides for borrowings
of up to 300,000 for regular working capital needs, bearing
interest at prime, currently 3.25 . The agreement does not contain
financial covenants and borrowings are secured 
 
by a pledge of substantially all of the assets of the
Company. As of June 30, 2021
and 2020, there were no borrowings outstanding under the
line. 

8. 

Payroll Protection Program Loan 

The
Company received 563,800 and 433,800 in Payroll Protection
Program loans in April 2020 and March 2021, respectively,
 pursuant to the Paycheck
Protection Program loan PPP administered by the
U.S. Small Business Administration through its bank. The first loan
was forgiven in June 2021, and reflected as other income
 
in the accompanying statements of comprehensive loss ,
except for 32,700 which was repaid by the Company. The remaining
loan bears interest at 1 per annum and matures in March 2026 and
contains no collateral or guarantee requirements. The Company
expects to apply and receive forgiveness for the second
loan. 

F-17 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

9. 

Employee Benefit Plans 

The
Company has a 401(k) profit sharing plan covering all its
employees, which provides for voluntary employee salary
contributions not to exceed the statutory limitations provided by
the Internal Revenue Code. The plan provides for Company matching
contribution equal to 100 of employee s deferral up to 3 of
pay, plus 50 of employee s deferral over 3 of pay up to 5 .
Total matching contributions amounted to 90,700 and 84,100 for
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

10. 

Commitments and Contingencies 

The
Company has a three-year employment contract with its President,
effective July 1, 2017, which was extended by mutual agreement for
each one year periods ending June 30, 2021 and 2022. The agreement
provided for an annual base salary of 175,000 for the year ended
June 30, 2018, with subsequent annual increases of 3 or the
percentage increase in Consumer Price Index CPI ),
whichever is higher, plus 25,000 cash bonus for the year ended
June 30, 2018, and a discretionary bonus for subsequent years.
Bonuses totaling 100,000 and 50,000 were awarded for the years
ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The agreement also
provided for a grant of options to purchase 25,000 shares of the
Company s stock, which were granted during the year ended
June 30, 2018. 

No
shares were granted during the year ended June 30, 2021, and
215,366 shares were authorized to be granted by the Board of
Directors during the year ended June 30, 2020, which shares were
not available and subject to amendment to the Company s 2012
Stock Option Plan which was approved in February 2021. The agreement also
contains a provision that within one year of a change of control,
if either the Company terminates the employment for any reason
other than for "cause" or the Presidents terminates her employment
for "good reason", the President will have the right to receive a
lump sum payment equal to three times the average of her total
annual compensation paid for the last five years preceding such
termination. 

The
Company has a three-year employment contract with its President of
the Genie Products Division of the Benchtop Laboratory Equipment
Operations and Corporate Secretary effective July 1, 2017, which
was extended by mutual agreement for each one year period ending
June 30, 2021 and 2022. The agreement provides for an annual base
salary of 153,000 for the year ended June 30, 2018, with
subsequent annual increases of 3 or percentage increase in the
CPI, whichever is higher, plus 10,000 cash bonus for the year
ended June 30, 2018, and a discretionary bonus for subsequent
years. No bonus was awarded for the year ended June 30, 2021 and a
 5,000 bonus was awarded in 2020. The agreement also provides for a
grant of options to purchase 7,500 shares of the Company s
stock, which were granted during the year ended June 30, 2018. No
options were granted during the year ended June 30, 2021 or
2020. 

The
Company has a three-year employment contract with its President and
Director of Marketing of Torbal Products Division of the Benchtop
Laboratory Equipment Operations and Director of Marketing effective
July 1, 2017, which was extended by mutual agreement for each one
year periods ending June 30, 2021 and 2022. The agreement provides
for an annual base salary of 157,000 for the year ended June 30,
2018, with subsequent annual increases of 4 or percentage increase
in the CPI, whichever is higher, plus 10,000 cash bonus for the
year ended June 30, 2018 and subsequent years, subject to a minimum
increase of 5 in the divisions EBITDA for the related year.
The agreement also provides for a grant of options to purchase
7,500 shares of the Company s stock, which were granted
during the year ended June 30, 2018. No options were granted during
the year ended June 30, 2021 or 2020. A performance-based bonus of
 10,000 was awarded the years ended June 30, 2020. No bonus was
awarded for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

F-18 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

10. 

Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

The
Company has a three-year employment contract with its President of
Scientific Bioprocessing, Inc., effective July 1, 2020. The
agreement provides for an annual base salary of 175,000, with
subsequent annual increases of 3 or percentage increase in
Consumer Price Index CPI ), whichever is higher, plus
discretionary bonuses. The agreement also provides for a grant of
options to purchase 215,366 shares which were authorized to be
granted by the Board of Directors during the year ended June 30,
2020, which shares were not available and subject to amendment to
the Company s 2012 Stock Option Plan which was approved in
February 2021. Prior to
July 1, 2020, the officer had a consulting agreement, which
terminated upon becoming an employee of the Company. Consulting
fees paid under this agreement amounted to 145,000 for the year
ended June 30, 2020, respectively plus stock options valued at
 36,000 were granted as part of the total compensation under the
consulting agreement, for the year ended June 30, 2020.
 
 Bonuses amounting to
 100,000 were awarded during the year ended June 30, 2021 and
 50,000 in 2020. The employment agreement contains termination
provisions stipulating that if the Company terminates the
employment other than for death, disability, or cause (as such term
is defined therein), or if employee resigns for "good
reason" as
such term is defined in the agreement , the Company
shall pay severance payments equal to either one year's salary at
the rate of the compensation at the time of termination is employee
is terminated within 12 months of the date of the agreement or six
months' salary is the employee is terminated after 12 months of the
date of the agreement, continue to pay the regular benefits
provided by the Company for the period equal to the length of the
severance payments and pay a pro rata portion of any bonus achieved
prior to such termination of employment. 

On
April 30, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement
with each of the four managing directors and sellers of Aquila for
an indefinite term, which can be terminated by either party upon
six months written notice in accordance with German law. The
agreements, which are identical, stipulate that in calendar year
2021, the employees will receive a salary of 105,000 euros, and a
guaranteed bonus of 45,000 euros for a total of 150,000 euros per
year on a pro-rata basis, and in calendar year 2022, they will
receive a salary of 105,000 euros and a bonus of 45,000 euros,
subject to the achievement by aquila of certain targets. In
addition, the employment agreements included a one time retention
bonus of 10,000 euros upon closing of the acquisition which was
paid in May 2021 by Aquila, and a retention bonus of 25,000 euros
if the employee does not terminate his employment with the Company
within two years after the agreement date or the Company does not
terminate his employment for good cause. 

The
Company has a consulting agreement, which expires on December 31,
2021, with a Director of the Company and his affiliate for product
development consulting services. The agreement provides that the
consultant be paid a monthly retainer fee of 9,000, plus a grant
of 20,000 options which were awarded during the year ended June 30,
2020. Consulting expense related to this agreement amounted to
 108,000 and 76,200 for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. 

On July
20, 2020, the Company entered into a two-year consulting agreement
with a Director and Chairman of the Board of SBI for consulting on
strategic matters of the Company s Bioprocessing Systems
Operations. The agreement provided that the consultant be paid a
monthly retainer of 5,000 euros which was increased to 12,500 euros
effective March 2021 plus the issuance of 125,000 stock options of
the Company which were awarded during the year ended June 30, 2021.
Consulting expense related to this agreement amounted to 207,900
for the year ended June 30, 2021 and none in 2020,
respectively. 

The
Company is required to make payments of 30 of the net royalties
received from the license and sublicense acquired in the SBI
acquisition in fiscal 2014 through December 2023, at which time the
related patents will expire. Total contingent consideration
payments made for this acquisition amounted to 168,000 and
 372,600 for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. 

F-19 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

10. 

Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

The
fair value of contingent consideration estimated to be paid as of
June 30, 2021 is as follows: 

Year ended June
30, 

Amount 

2022 

136,600 

2023 

12,000 

2024 

11,400 

160,000 

11. 

Leases 

On July
1, 2019, the Company adopted the new accounting pronouncement as it
relates to its leases which requires a lessee to recognize all
long-term leases on its balance sheet as a liability for its lease
obligation, measured at the present value of lease payments not yet
paid, and a corresponding asset representing its right to use the
underlying asset over the lease term and expands disclosure of key
information about leasing arrangements. 

The
Company leases certain properties consisting principally of a
facility in Bohemia, New York (headquarters) through January 2025
which was amended in September 2021 to increase the space by
approximately 25 and lease term through approximately October
2028, a facility in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania for its Bioprocessing
Systems Operations through May 2023, and a facility for sales and
administration in Orangeburg, New York through October 2022. The
Company had a lease for its discontinued operations through
November 2020. There are no renewal options with any of the leases,
no residual values or significant restrictions or covenants other
than those customary in such arrangements, and no non-cash
activities, and any rent escalations incorporated within the leases
are included in the calculation of the future minimum lease
payments, as further described below. All of the Company s
leases are deemed operating leases. 

The
Company determines whether an agreement contains a lease at
inception based on the Company s right to obtain
substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of the
identified asset and its right to direct the use of the identified
asset. Lease liabilities represent the present value of future
lease payments and the Right-Of-Use ROU assets
represent the Company s right to use the underlying assets
for the respective lease terms. ROU assets and lease liabilities
are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present
value of the lease payments over the lease term. The ROU asset is
further adjusted to account for previously recorded lease expenses
such as deferred rent and other lease liabilities. As the
Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company
used its incremental borrowing rate of 5.0 as the discount rate to
calculate the present value of future lease payments, which was the
interest rate that its bank would charge for a similar
loan. 

F-20 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

11. 

Leases (Continued) 

The
Company elected not to recognize a ROU asset and a lease liability
for leases with an initial term of twelve months or less. In
addition to minimum lease payments, certain leases require payment
of a proportionate share of real estate taxes and certain building
operating expenses or payments based on an excess of a specified
base. These variable lease costs are not included in the
measurement of the ROU asset or lease liability due to
unpredictability of the payment amount and are recorded as lease
expenses in the period incurred. The Company s lease
agreements do not contain residual value guarantees. 

The
Company elected available practical expedients for existing or
expired contracts of lessees wherein the Company is not required to
reassess whether such contracts contain leases, the lease
classification or the initial direct costs. The Company is not
utilizing the practical expedient which allows the use of hindsight
by lessees and lessors in determining the lease term and in
assessing impairment of its ROU assets. The Company utilized the
transition method allowing entities to only apply the new lease
standard in the year of adoption. 

As of
June 30, 2021, the weighted-average remaining lease term for
operating lease liabilities was approximately 2.68 years and the
weighted-average discount rate was 5.0 . Total cash payments under
these leases were 289,100 for the year ended June 30, 2021, of
which 277,300 was recorded as lease expense. 

The
Company s approximate future minimum rental payments under
all leases existing at June 30, 2021, through January 2025 are as
follows: 

Year ended June
30, 

Amount 

2022 

260,300 

2023 

245,300 

2024 

195,900 

2025 

91,600 

Total future minimum payments 

793,100 

Less: Imputed interest 

(62,100 

Total Present Value of Operating Lease Liabilities 

731,000 

12. 

Income Taxes 

The
reconciliation of the provision for income taxes at the federal
statutory rate of 21 to the actual tax benefit for the applicable
fiscal year was as follows: 

2021 

2020 

Computed
 expected income tax benefit 

(1,014,300 

(239,400 

Research and
development credits 

(93,900 

(89,400 

Rate changes and
NOL carrybacks 

- 

(122,600 

Incentive Stock
Option Expense 

59,500 

13,800 

PPP Loan
Foregivness 

(111,700) 

0 

Other,
net 

(7,900 

1,000 

Income tax
benefit 

(1,152,500 

(436,600 

F-21 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

12. 

Income Taxes (Continued) 

Deferred tax assets
and liabilities consist of the following: 

2021 

2020 

Deferred tax
assets: 

Amortization of
intangible assets, including goodwill 

374,000 

329,700 

Research and
development credits 

164,600 

89,400 

Various
accruals 

64,600 

150,700 

Stock options
expense 

383,200 

- 

Net operating
loss 

1,515,800 

- 

Other 

24,900 

19,400 

2,527,100 

589,200 

Deferred tax
liability: 

Depreciation of
property and amortization of goodwill 

(37,200 

(52,100 

Net deferred tax
assets 

2,489,900 

537,100 

The
company has incurred cumulatively 715,800 of US net operating
losses and 800,300 of German net operating losses as of June 30,
2021. These will be carried forward indefinitely without
expiration, until fully utilized. The company expects to
fully utilize these losses to offset taxable income in future
years. 

ASC No.
740 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes
recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and
prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for
the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax
position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC No. 740
also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest
and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and
transition. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not have
any unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state
income tax matters. 

The
Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties on
any unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense.
The Company does not have any accrued interest or penalties
associated with any unrecognized tax benefits. The Company is
subject to U.S. federal income tax, as well as various state
jurisdictions. The Company is currently open to audit under the
statute of limitations by the federal and state jurisdictions for
the years ended June 30, 2018 and after. The Company does not
anticipate any material amount of unrecognized tax benefits within
the next 12 months. 

13. 

Stock Options 

Equity
awards are measured at each reporting period. Compensation costs
are recognized over the period that an employee provides service in
exchange for the award. During the years ended June 30, 2021 and
2020, the Company granted 1,094,171 and 25,881 options,
respectively, to employees that had a fair value of 7,929,600 and
 144,500, respectively. The fair value of the options granted
during the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, were determined
using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model. The weighted
average assumptions used for the years ended June 30, 2021 and
2020, was an expected life of 10 years; risk free interest rate of
1.40 and .89 ; volatility of 66 and 74 , and dividend yield of 0 
and .08 , respectively. The Company declared no dividends for the
years ending June 30, 2021 or 2020. The weighted-average fair value
per share of the options granted during the years ended June 30,
2021 and 2020, was 7.25 and 5.58, respectively, and total
stock-based compensation costs were 2,108,000 and 65,800 for the
years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Stock-based
compensation costs related to nonvested awards expected to be
recognized in the future are 5,935,000 and 113,400 as of June 30,
2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The stockholders
approved an amendment to the Company s 2012 Stock Option Plan Plan to increase the number of shares available
under the Plan by 943,000 shares, from 307,000 to 1,250,000 shares,
which, together with 150,000 shares that were added to the Plan in
2020, were registered by the Company on a Form S-8 Registration
Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15,
2021. The Company s Board of Directors authorized and approved the grant of
St ock Options in June
2020 and July 2020 to three key officers, subject to availability
of option shares. In February 2021, upon availability, the Company
issued these stock options to the Company s Chairman of the
Board, its Chief Executive Officer and President, and the Vice
President of Sales-Americas of Company s Bioprocessing
Systems. 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

13. 

Stock
Options (Continued) 

Option
activity is summarized as follows: 

June
30, 2021 

June
30, 2020 

Weighted- 

Weighted- 

Average 

Average 

Exercise 

Exercise 

Shares 

Price 

Shares 

Price 

Shares under
option: 

Outstanding,
beginning of year 

96,586 

4.35 

97,205 

3.24 

Granted 

1,094,171 

9.07 

25,881 

7.47 

Exercised 

(1,000 

3.05 

(24,000 

3.35 

Forfeited 

(9,000 

3.11 

(2,500 

3.08 

Outstanding, end of
year 

1,180,757 

8.73 

96,586 

4.35 

Options exercisable
at year-end 

296,821 

7.69 

49,236 

3.29 

Weighted average
fair value per share of options granted during the fiscal
year 

7.25 

5.58 

F-22 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

13. 

Stock Options (Continued) 

As
of June 30, 2021 Options Outstanding 

As
of June 30, 2021 Exercisable 

Weighted- 

Average 

Weighted- 

Weighted- 

Range 

Remaining 

Average 

Average 

Exercise 

Number 

Contractual 

Exercise 

Number 

Exercise 

Prices 

Outstanding 

Life
(Years) 

Price 

Outstanding 

Price 

5.35 - 11.30 

1,120,052 

9.35 

9.03 

238,351 

8.76 

2.91 - 4.65 

60,705 

5.28 

3.36 

58,470 

3.32 

1,180,757 

296,821 

As
of June 30, 2020 Options Outstanding 

As
of June 30, 2020 Exercisable 

Weighted- 

Average 

Weighted- 

Weighted- 

Range 

Remaining 

Average 

Average 

Exercise 

Number 

Contractual 

Exercise 

Number 

Exercise 

Prices 

Outstanding 

Life
(Years) 

Price 

Outstanding 

Price 

5.35 - 11.30 

25,881 

9.87 

7.47 

- 

0.00 

2.91 - 4.65 

70,705 

6.46 

3.33 

49,236 

3.29 

96,586 

49,236 

F-23 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

14. 

Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share 

The
Company presents the computation of earnings per share EPS on a basic basis. Basic EPS is computed by
dividing net income or loss by the weighted average number of
shares outstanding during the reported period. Diluted EPS is
computed similarly to basic EPS, except that the denominator is
increased to include the number of additional common shares that
would have been outstanding if the potential additional common
shares that were dilutive had been issued. Common shares are
excluded from the calculation if they are determined to be
anti-dilutive. The following table sets forth the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding for each period
presented. 

2021 

2020 

Weighted average
number of common shares outstanding 

3,189,602 

1,515,103 

Effect of dilutive
securities: 

- 

- 

Weighted average
number of dilutive common shares outstanding 

3,189,602 

1,515,103 

Basic and diluted
loss per common share: 

Continuing
operations 

(0.97 

(.30 

Discontinued
operations 

(0.18 

(.16 

Consolidated
operations 

(1.15 

(.46 

Approximately
88,691 and 2,481,783 shares of the Company's common stock issuable
upon the exercise of stock options and warrants, respectively, were
excluded from the calculation because the effect would be
anti-dilutive due to the loss for the year ended June 30, 2021.
Approximately 54,513 and 1,349,850 shares of the Company's common
stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and warrants,
respectively, were excluded from the calculation because the effect
would be anti-dilutive due to the loss for the year ended June 30,
2020. 

F-24 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

15. 

Equity 

At the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the
stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Company to increase the number
of authorized shares of the Company s Common stock by
3,000,000 shares from 7,000,000
to 10,000,000 shares, and a further amendment was approved by a
majority of the Company s shareholders on June 17, 2021
increasing the authorized shares to 15,000,000. 

On June 18, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchases
agreement in the amount of 6,074,400 with several accredited
investors for the sale and issuance of 1,349,850 shares of the
Company s Common Stock at an offering price of 4.50 per
share and warrants to purchase up to 1,349,850 shares of the
Company s Common Stock exerciseable at 9.00 per share. The
issuance cost realated to this stock issuance amounted to
approximately 70,000. The proceeds were used to fund the
operations of the Company s Bioprocessing Systems Operations.
The warrants were immediately exercisable and expire five years
from the date of issuance. If at any time commencing twelve months
from the date of the agreement, but before the expiration of the
warrant, the volume weighted average price of the Company s
Common Stock exceeds 18 per share for each of thirty consecutive
days, the Company may at any time in its sole discretion, call for
the exercise of the Warrants, in their entirety. 

On April 29, 2021, the
Company received proceeds of approximately 7,580,400 from the sale
of its securities to private investors upon the issuance of
1,595,880 shares of the Company s Common Stock at an offering
price of 4.75 per share which included warrants to purchase up to
797,940 shares of the Company s Common Stock exercisable at
 9.50 per share. The issuance costs related to this stock
issuance amounted to approximately 581,000. In June 2021,
the Company received an additional 9.5 million through the sale of
an additional 2,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock
at 4.75 per share which also included warrants to purchase up to
999,993 of the Company's Common Stock exercisable at 9.50 per
share. The issuance costs related to this stock issuance amounted
to approximately 425,400. These warrants 
 are
exercisable immediately and expire five years from date of
issuance. The Company utilized the services of brokers for both
transactions and incurred a total of approximately 1.0 million in
issuance related costs for broker and legal fees. The Company was
required under a registration rights agreement to register the
shares, which it did through an S-1 Registration Statement filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which became effective
on August 13, 2021. The proceeds were used for the Aquila
acquisition with the remainder being used to fund the Bioprocessing
Systems Operations. 

F-25 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

16 . 
Acquisition of Aquila Biolabs GmbH 

Effective April 29, 2021, pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement
("SPA") the Company acquired all the outstanding capital stock of
Aquila biolabs GmbH, a German start-up company engaged from its
facility in Baesweiler, Germany in the design, production, and sale
of bioprocessing systems and products which focus on the control
and analysis of bioprocesses in bioreactors and incubation shakers
for an aggregate purchase price of 7,880,100 in cash upon closing.
Aquila s principal customers are universities, pharmaceutical
companies, and industrial companies. The products are sold
primarily on a direct basis and to a lesser extent, through
distributors. 

The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of
accounting in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805, Business
Combinations ASC
805 in which the Company is treated as the accounting
acquirer. In accordance with ASC 805, the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed have been measured at fair
value. 

For purposes of measuring the estimated fair value, where
applicable, of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as
reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
financial information, the guidance in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures ASC 820 has been applied, which
establishes a framework for measuring fair value. In accordance
with ASC 820, fair value is an exit price and is defined as
 the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. Under ASC 805,
acquisition-related transaction costs and acquisition-related
restructuring charges are not included as components of
consideration transferred but are accounted for as expenses in the
period in which the costs are incurred. 

Management
of the Company allocated the purchase price based on its valuation
of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as
follows: 

Amount 

Useful
life 

Fair value of
assets acquired 

Current
assets: 

Cash and cash
equivalents 

201,100 

Accounts
receivable 

159,200 

Inventory 

187,500 

Prepaid expenses
and other current assets 

25,400 

Property,
plant and equipment 

40,200 

Deferred
tax asset 

800,300 

Tradename 

452,300 

6
years 

Non-compete
agreements 

784,500 

4
years 

IPR D 

742,100 

5
years 

Customer
relationships 

252,200 

9
years 

Patents and other
intangibles 

286,200 

7
years 

Total assets
acquired 

3,931,000 

Fair value of
liabilities assumed: 

Accounts
payable 

(39,300 

Accrued
expenses 

(90,300 

Other current
liabilities 

(59,400 

Total liabilities
assumed 

(189,000 

Total identifiable
net assets 

3,742,000 

Fair value of
consideration transferred 

7,880,100 

Goodwill 

4,138,100 

F-26 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

16 . 
Acquisition of Aquila Biolabs GmbH (continued) 

Accounting Periods Presented 

Aquila s
fiscal year ended on December 31. Its historical results have been
aligned to more closely conform to the Company s June 30
fiscal year end by taking Aquila s interim financial results
for six months ended December 31, 2019 and for the six months ended
June 30, 2020. In addition, certain historical Aquila balances have
been reclassified to conform to the pro forma consolidated
presentation. There were no transactions between the two companies
during the period presented. No pro forma adjustments were made to
conform Aquila s accounting policies which follow
Germany s generally accepted accounting principles German GAAP to the Company s accounting
principles, as any differences were deemed immaterial. 

Unaudited Pro forma information is as follows: 

(In
 000 s) 

6/30/2020 

Revenues 

9,346 

Net
loss 

(1,650 

Earnings
per share 

Diluted 

(0.37 

Basic 

(0.37 

These
pro forma results do not represent financial results that would
have been realized had the acquisition actually occurred on July 1,
2019, nor are they intended to be a projection of future results.
For additional information, please refer to the Company s
current report on Form 8-KA, filed on July12, 2021. 

17. Discontinued
Operations 

Effective
November 30, 2020, the Company, as part of its strategic shift to
becoming a life sciences tool provider, sold its Catalyst Research
Instruments Operations reporting segment through the sale by
Altamira of substantially all of its assets, which comprised of
fixed assets, and inventory to Beijing JWGB Sci. Tech. Co.
Ltd., a corporation formed under the laws of the People s
Republic of China JWGB for 440,000 payable in cash
through January 2021, resulting in a 405,400 pre-tax loss. In
order to preserve business continuity for the buyer, Altamira
agreed to purchase certain components on behalf of JWGB for which
JWGB agreed to reimburse Altamira. At March 31, 2021, JWGB paid the
full 440,000 purchase price and 28,500 for component purchases
made on its behalf. The Company retained all its receivables and
payables related to sales made prior to November 30, 2020, certain
inventory related to two work-in-process orders which will be
shipped by the end of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021, product
warranty and other miscellaneous liabilities related to certain
employee benefits, and expenses related to the closure of the
Altamira facility, which was substantially completed at the end of
December 2020. 

As
a result of the disposal described above, the operating results of
the former Catalyst Research Instruments Operations segment have
been presented as discontinued operations in the balance sheets,
the statements of operations, and the statements of cash flows, as
detailed below. 

Assets: 

June
30, 2021 

June
30, 2020 

Accounts
receivable 

52,000 

- 

Inventories 

3,300 

343,700 

Property and
equipment, net 

- 

1,400 

Goodwill 

- 

447,900 

Discontinued
operations 

55,300 

793,000 

F-27 

SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

17. Discontinued
Operations (continued) 

Liabilities: 

June
30, 2021 

June
30, 2020 

Accounts
payable 

- 

20,100 

Accrued expenses
and taxes 

20,700 

120,700 

Contract
liabilities 

16,500 

69,000 

Operating lease
liabilities, current portion 

- 

31,100 

37,200 

240,900 

Twelve Months
Ended 

June
30, 2021 

June
30, 2020 

Revenues 

387,700 

785,900 

Cost of goods
sold 

471,800 

869,900 

Gross
profit 

(84,100 

(84,000 

Selling, general
and administrative expenses 

280,400 

388,500 

Loss from
operations 

(364,500 

(472,500 

Loss on
disposal 

(405,400 

-- 

Loss before income
tax benefit 

(769,900 

(472,500 

Income tax benefit,
all deferred 

(207,400 

(222,600 

Net income (loss)
attributable to discontinued operations 

(562,500 

(249,900 

In our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, the cash flows from
discontinued operations are not separately classified. Cash (used)
and provided by operating activities from discontinued operations
for twelve months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020
was 75,000) and 66,100 , respectively. Cash provided by investing
activities from discontinued operations for the twelve months ended
June 30, 2021 was 440,000 a nd
 2,200 for the twelve months ended June 30, 2020. There was no cash
provided or used by the discontinued operations for financing
activities for both the current and prior year
periods. 

F-28 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

ex31 

Exhibit 31. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

I, Helena R. Santos, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-k of Scientific
Industries, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4. 

I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to me by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purpose in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures, and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) 

Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting (that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter) that has materially
affected, or is reasonable likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. 

I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of
Directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions); 

a) 

All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b) 

Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Scientific Industries, Inc. 

Date: October 14, 2021 

By: 

/s/ Helena R. Santos 

Helena R. Santos 

Chief Executive Officer and 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

ex32 

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

I, Helena R. Santos, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer of Scientific Industries, Inc. (the
 Company ), certify, to the best of my knowledge
that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-k of the Company for
the year ended June 30, 2021 (the Annual
Report ); 

2. 

the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and 

3. 

the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of Scientific Industries, Inc. 

Scientific Industries, Inc. 

Date: October 14, 2021 

By: 

/s/ Helena R. Santos 

Helena R. Santos 

Chief Executive Officer and 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-10>
 4
 leasedoc.htm
 MATERIAL CONTRACTS

leasedoc 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE 

This
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE 
(this Agreement ), made as of
the _____ day of September, 2021 (the Effective Date ), by and
between REP 2035 LLC , a
Delaware limited liability company Landlord ), having its
principal office c/o Rechler Equity Partners, 85 S. Service Road,
Plainview, New York 11803, and SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES, INC. , a Delaware
corporation Tenant ), having an
address at 80 Orville Drive, Bohemia, New York 11716. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, 80 Orville
Drive Associates LLC, predecessor-in-interest to Landlord, and
Tenant entered into an Agreement of Lease, made as of August 5,
2014 (the Original
Lease ), for the lease of 18,950 square feet of space
(the Original
Premises in the building located at 80 Orville
Drive, Bohemia, New York (the Building );
and 

WHEREAS, Landlord
and Tenant desire to amend the Original Lease so as to, among other
things, provide for (a) Tenant to lease from Landlord that certain
5,003 square feet of additional space located adjacent to the
Original Premises (the 5,003 Expansion
Premises ); such 5,003 Expansion Premises being
substantially as shown and marked as Expansion Space 
on the Floor Plan annexed hereto as Exhibit A , and
(b) an extension of the Term of the Lease, as it relates to the
entire Demised Premises (as hereinafter defined), to and including
October 31, 2028; subject to and in accordance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which being hereby acknowledged, the parties agree
as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 

Definitions 

1.1 The
recitals are specifically incorporated into the body of this
Agreement and shall be binding upon the parties
hereto. 

1.2 Unless
expressly set forth to the contrary and except as modified by this
Agreement, all capitalized or defined terms shall have the meanings
ascribed to them in the Original Lease. 

1.3 The
term Lease shall mean and
refer to the Original Lease, as modified and amended by this
Agreement. 

ARTICLE
II 

Lease Modifications 

The
Original Lease is hereby modified and amended as
follows: 

2.1 Space .
Effective as of the 5,003 Expansion Premises Commencement Date (as
defined below), Paragraph 41 of the Rider to the Original Lease and
all other applicable provisions of the Original Lease are hereby
modified and amended as follows: 

(A) Landlord
shall lease to Tenant, and Tenant shall hire and let from Landlord,
the 5,003 Expansion Premises, subject to all of the terms of the
Original Lease, as modified by this Agreement; 

(B) Except
as may be otherwise indicated by the context of its usage, each
reference to the terms demised premises or
 Demised
Premises in the Original Lease and this Agreement
shall mean the Original Premises together with the 5,003 Expansion
Premises; 

(C) The
parties hereby stipulate and agree that such combined Demised
Premises shall be deemed to consist of 23,953 square feet, in the
aggregate; and 

(D) The
term Tenant s
Proportionate Share shall mean (i) 20.43 when used
in relation to the Original Premises only ; or (ii) 5.40 when used
in relation to the 5,003 Expansion Premises only ; or (iii) 25.83 when used
in relation to the entire Demised
Premises. 

2.2 Term .
Effective as of the Effective Date of this Agreement, Paragraph 42
of the Rider to the Original Lease and all other applicable
provisions of the Original Lease are hereby modified and amended as
follows: 

(A) The
Term of the Lease, as it relates to the 5,003 Expansion Premises
 only , shall
commence on the date on which Landlord notifies Tenant that
Landlord has achieved Substantial Completion of the 5,003 Expansion
Work (as hereinafter defined) (the 5,003 Expansion Premises Commencement
Date ). Substantial Completion 
as used herein, means when the only items of the 5,003 Expansion
Work needed to be completed are punchlist items, the non-completion
of which would not delay occupancy, including, without limitation,
such details of construction, decoration, mechanical adjustment or
installation which do not hinder or impede the use or occupancy of
the 5,003 Expansion Premises for its intended use; but if Landlord
shall be delayed in such Substantial Completion as a
result of (i) Tenant's changes to the plans or specifications
attached hereto as Exhibit A; (ii) Tenant's request for materials,
finishes or installations other than Landlord's standard; (iii) the
performance or completion of any work, labor or services by a party
employed by Tenant; (vi) Tenant's interference or failure to
reasonably cooperate with the performance of 5,003 Expansion Work
(including without limitation the execution of documents required
by the local municipality); (v) Tenant's failure to approve, or
approve subject to adjustments required to reflect the Rental Plan
annexed hereto as Exhibit A, final construction documents within
five (5) business days after submission thereof to Tenant for
approval; (vi) Tenant's failure to provide Landlord with finish
specifications for 5,003 Expansion Work within seven (7) days of
Landlord's delivery to Tenant of a fully-executed copy of this
Agreement; or (vii) Tenant's failure to pay the initial installment
of Rent (it being understood and agreed that Landlord shall not be
required to commence the performance of the 5,003 Expansion Work
until all such deliveries and payments have been made) (all such
delays being hereinafter referred to as Tenant Delay ); then the
5,003 Expansion Premises Commencement Date shall be accelerated by
the number of days of such Tenant Delay (however, Landlord shall
not be obligated to deliver the 5,003 Expansion Premises to Tenant
and Tenant shall not have the right to occupy the 5,003 Expansion
Premises until the 5,003 Expansion Work is Substantially
Completed ). Tenant waives
any right to rescind this Agreement or the Original Lease under
Section 223-a of the New York Real Property Law or any successor
statute of similar import then in force and further waives the
right to recover any damages which may result from Landlord s
failure to deliver possession of the 5,003 Expansion Premises on
the scheduled 5,003 Expansion Premises Commencement Date.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Landlord
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to complete any punchlist
items within 
 thirty (30) days of Substantial Completion,
provided same shall be reasonably capable of completion within such
timeframe. Landlord shall complete the 5,003 Expansion Work in
accordance with applicable law. 

(B) The
Term of the Lease, as it relates to the 5,003 Expansion Premises,
shall expire on October 31, 2028 (the Expiration Date ). The
Term of the Lease, as it relates to the Original Premises, is
hereby extended to and including the Expiration Date; it being the
express intention of the parties that, following the 5,003
Expansion Premises Commencement Date, the Term of the Lease as it
relates to the 5,003 Expansion Premises shall run co-terminously
with the Term of the Lease as it relates to the Original Premises.
Accordingly, unless otherwise indicated by the context of its
usage, each reference in the Original Lease or this Agreement to
the terms Expiration Date , or
otherwise to the scheduled date of expiration of the Lease, shall
hereafter mean and refer to October 31, 2028. 

(C) Paragraphs
42(b) and 42(e) of the Rider to the Original Lease are hereby
deleted in their entirety. 

(D) For
the avoidance of doubt, Tenant shall not be required to restore (i)
any work performed in the Demised Premises by Landlord; (ii) any
Alteration which Landlord did not inform Tenant in writing at the
time Landlord consented thereto that Landlord would require Tenant
to remove, repair or restore at the end of the Term; or (iii) any
cabling work in connection with the installation of telephone or
computer lines in the Demised Premises. 

(E) Tenant
or its agents and/or contractors shall have a right to enter the
5,003 Expansion Premises subsequent to the commencement of the
5,003 Expansion Work but prior to the 5,003 Expansion Premises
Commencement Date in order for Tenant to install its telephone and
computer lines or furniture in preparation for Tenant s
occupancy thereof, all of the provisions of this lease, except
Tenant s obligation to pay Rent, shall govern such entry
(including without limitation, Tenant s insurance and
indemnification obligations). Any such entry shall be subject to
prior notice to Landlord and Tenant s satisfaction of the
conditions of this paragraph and such entry shall only permitted
with respect to the office portion of the 5,003 Expansion Premises.
Prior to entering the 5,003 Expansion Premises Tenant shall deliver
to Landlord (a) evidence of all insurance policies required to be
maintained by Tenant under this lease, (b) evidence of insurance
satisfactory to Landlord maintained by the contractors or vendors
entering the 5,003 Expansion Premises and (c) Tenant and any
contractors or vendors entering the 5,003 Expansion Premises on
behalf of Tenant shall have entered into an early access and
indemnity agreement on Landlord s form attached hereto as
Exhibit B. Tenant shall coordinate Tenant s (and/or
Tenant s contractors and/or Tenant s employees) entry
upon the 5,003 Expansion Premises and the performance of the
above-referenced installations (and the timing thereof) with
Landlord, and Tenant (and Tenant s contractors and employees)
shall not interfere with Landlord s performance of the 5,003
Expansion Work, if any, in entering upon the 5,003 Expansion
Premises and/or in performing such installations. In the event that
Tenant (and/or Tenant s contractors and/or Tenant s
employees) interferes with Landlord s performance of the
5,003 Expansion Work, such interference shall be deemed a Tenant
Delay (in addition to those delineated herein). 

2.3 Rent . 

(A) 

 The Original Premises through the
Expiration Date . 

(1) The
annual minimum rent (the Rent for the Original
Premises shall continue to be payable in accordance with Paragraph
43 of the Rider to the Original Lease through January 31, 2025,
except that the Rent for December 2024 and January 2025 shall be
increased by 12,633.33 per month. 

(2) The
Rent for the Original Premises from February 1, 2025 through the
Expiration Date shall be payable as follows: 

From
February 1, 2025 to October 31, 2025, the Rent shall be
 152,803.26, payable in nine (9) equal monthly installments of
 16,978.14. 

From
November 1, 2025 to October 31, 2026, the Rent shall be
 209,849.76, payable in equal monthly installments of
 17,487.48. 

From
November 1, 2026 to October 31, 2027, the Rent shall be
 216,145.20, payable in equal monthly installments of
 18,012.10. 

From
November 1, 2027 to October 31, 2028, the Rent shall be
 197,362.86, payable in equal monthly installments of 18,552.46
for each of the first ten (10) months and 5,919.13 for each of the
last two (2) months. 

(B) 

 The 5,003 Expansion Premises from the
5,003 Expansion Premises Commencement Date through the Expiration
Date . Effective as of the 5,003 Expansion Premises
Commencement Date, the Rent for the 5,003 Expansion Premises shall
be payable as follows: 

From
the 5,003 Expansion Premises Commencement Date through October 31,
2022, the Rent shall be 12,307.38 for the first month and
 4,102.46 for each succeeding month through October 31,
2022. 

From
November 1, 2022 through October 31, 2023, the Rent shall be
 50,706.48 payable in equal monthly installments of
 4,225.54. 

From
November 1, 2023 through October 31, 2024, the Rent shall be
 52,227.72, payable in equal monthly installments of
 4,352.31. 

From
November 1, 2024 through October 31, 2025, the Rent shall be
 53,794.56, payable in equal monthly installments of
 4,482.88. 

From
November 1, 2025 through October 31, 2026, the Rent shall be
 55,408.44, payable in equal monthly installments of
 4,617.37. 

From
November 1, 2026 through October 31, 2027, the Rent shall be
 57,070.68, payable in equal monthly installments of
 4,755.89. 

From
November 1, 2027 through October 31, 2028, the Rent shall be
 50,577.92, payable in equal monthly installments of 4,898.57 for
the first ten (10) months and two (2) installments of 796.11 each
for the last two (2) months. 

(C) Rent
for the first month due with respect to the 5,003 Expansion
Premises in the amount of 12,307.38 shall be due simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement. 

2.4 Utilities .
(A) From and after the 5,003 Expansion Premises Commencement Date,
Tenant will furnish and pay for all utilities to the entire Demised
Premises (including both the Original Premises and the 5,003
Expansion Premises) in accordance with Paragraph 44(a) of the
Original Lease; provided, however, that water, sprinkler
supervisory and sewer service for the entire Demised Premises
(including both the Original Premises and the 5,003 Expansion
Premises) shall be provided and paid for in accordance with
Paragraph 44(b) of the Original Lease. 

(B) As
of the Effective Date, Paragraph 44(a) of the Rider to the Original
Lease is hereby modified and amended to add the following two (2)
sentences to the end of the paragraph: Tenant shall,
throughout the term of this lease, maintain all utility services to
the Demised Premises and keep the Demised Premises heated, cooled
and lighted. Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for damages or
otherwise (i) if any utilities shall become unavailable from any
public utility company, public authority, or any other person or
entity supplying or distributing such utility, or (ii) for any
interruption in any utility service (including, but without
limitation, any heating, ventilation or air conditioning) caused by
the making of any necessary repairs or improvements or by any
cause, and the same shall not constitute a default, termination or
an eviction except to the extent the same arise from or in
connection with the gross negligence or willful misconduct of
Landlord or its employees, contractors, agents or representatives
and Landlord fails to cure same within a commercially reasonable
time period. 

2.5 Common
Area Maintenance . 

(A) Through
the 5,003 Expansion Premises Commencement Date, Tenant shall
continue to pay Tenant s Proportionate Share of
Landlord s Cost in accordance with the provisions of the
Original Lease, specifically including, without limitation, the
provisions of Paragraph 47 thereof. 

(B) With
respect to periods from and after the 5,003 Expansion Premises
Commencement Date, the definition of the term Base CAM
Charge in Paragraph 47 of the Original Lease shall be deemed
to have been modified and amended so as to delete therefrom the
reference to the amount 852.75 and replace same with
a corresponding reference to the amount 1,077.89. 
The parties hereby agree that the Base CAM Charge is included in
the Rent set forth in Section 2.3 of this Agreement. 

(C) With
respect to all periods from and after the Effective Date, the
applicable provisions in Paragraphs 47 and 48 of the Original Lease
shall be deemed to have been modified, amended and clarified so as
to provide that the removal of snow and ice from the stairways and
sidewalks adjacent to the Demised Premises shall be the
responsibility of Tenant, not Landlord. 

2.6 Taxes . 

(A) With respect to the
Original Premises, Tenant shall continue to pay additional rent as
set forth in Paragraph 49 of the Rider to the Lease, as previously
modified and amended, through and including the Expiration
Date. 

(B)
With respect to the 5,003 Expansion Premises only, effective as of
the Commencement Date, Tenant shall pay additional rent as set
forth in Paragraph 49, except that, for the purposes of calculating
such additional rent for the 5,003 Expansion Premises only, (a) the
term Tenant s Proportionate Share shall mean
and refer to 5.40 , and (b) the term Base Year Taxes ,
as referenced in Paragraph 49(a)(ii), shall mean and refer to the
Taxes actually due and payable with respect to the 2021/2022 tax
year. 

2.7 Insurance
Cost . 

(A) Through
the 5,003 Expansion Premises Commencement Date, Tenant shall
continue to pay Tenant s Proportionate Share of the Insurance
Cost in accordance with the provisions of the Original Lease,
specifically including, without limitation, the provisions of
Paragraph 59(g) thereof. 

(B) With
respect to periods from and after the 5,003 Expansion Premises
Commencement Date, the definition of the term Base Insurance
Charge in Paragraph 59(g) of the Original Lease shall be
deemed to have been modified and amended so as to delete therefrom
the reference to the amount 331.63 and replace same
with a corresponding reference to the amount 419.18. 
The parties hereby agree that the Base Insurance Charge is included
in the Rent set forth in Section 2.3 of this
Agreement. 

2.8 

 Parking . As of the 5,003
Expansion Premises Commencement Date, Paragraph 55 of the Rider to
the Original Lease shall be deemed to have been modified and
amended so as to delete the second sentence therefrom and replace
the same with the following: However, at all times during
the Term , Tenant shall have the
right to use thirty (30) parking spaces at the
Building. 

2.9 Condition
of the Demised Premises . Tenant hereby acknowledges and
agrees that (i) all work and installations heretofore required to
be performed or made by Landlord under the Original Lease have been
fully performed or made prior to the date hereof; (ii) Tenant has
inspected the Original Premises and agrees to accept same in its
 as is condition as of the date hereof; (iii) Tenant
has inspected the 5,003 Expansion Premises and agrees to accept
same in its as is condition as of the date hereof and
Landlord shall not be required to perform any work, make any
installations or incur any expense in or with respect to the
Original Premises (or any portion thereof) in order to prepare same
for continued occupancy by Tenant or in or with respect to the
5,003 Expansion Premises (or any portion thereof) in order to
prepare same for occupancy by Tenant except that Landlord will
perform the work and make the installations, at Landlord s
sole cost and expense, and in accordance with the requirements of
the Lease (including this Agreement), as set forth on the Floor
Plan annexed hereto as Exhibit A , which work is
sometimes hereinafter referred to as the 5,003 Expansion Work . In
connection with the performance of the 5,003 Expansion Work, Tenant
shall provide Landlord and its contractors with access to the
Demised Premises, to the extent necessary, in order to perform the
5,003 Expansion Work. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that there
shall be no liability to Landlord, and no abatement of the
obligations and liabilities of Tenant under the Lease, on account
of any inconvenience or interference that may result from
Landlord s performance of the 5,003 Expansion Work except to
the extent the same arise from or in connection with the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord or its employees,
contractors, agents or representatives. To the extent necessary,
Tenant shall be responsible for moving the furniture and equipment
in the Original Premises (at Tenant's sole cost and expense) in
order to permit Landlord to perform the 5,003 Expansion Work.
Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize
interference with or disruption of Tenant s use of the
balance of the Demised Premises while performing the 5,003
Expansion Work. 

2.10 Hazardous
Materials . As of the Effective Date, Paragraph 57 of the
Original Lease is hereby modified and amended (x) so as to clarify
that the restrictions, obligations and liabilities of Tenant
pursuant to said Paragraph 57 shall be deemed to apply to both (a)
the introduction by any person or entity (other than Landlord, its
agents or contractors) of any Hazardous Materials in or on the
Demised Premises during the Term of the Lease and (b) the
introduction by Tenant or any of Tenant s Related Parties of
any Hazardous Materials in, on or under any other portion of the
Building or the Real Property; (y) to add the following paragraph
to Paragraph 57 of the Original Lease: 

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in Paragraph 57 of this lease,
Tenant shall not be responsible for any Hazardous Materials which
(i) were present in or at the Demised Premises, Building and/or
Real Property prior to the date on which Tenant first takes
occupancy of the Demised Premises Pre-Existing Hazardous
Materials or (ii) are introduced upon the Demised Premises,
Building and/or Real Property by persons other than Tenant or
Tenant s Related Parties Third-Party Hazardous
Materials ). In the event Pre-Existing Hazardous Materials or
Third-Party Hazardous Materials are present in the Demised
Premises, Building and/or Real Property and same materially and
adversely affect Tenant s use of the Demised Premises,
Landlord hereby covenants to address such legal violation in the
manner required by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the subject legal violation has been caused by the act or
omission of a third party, then Landlord may seek to cause such
third party to address such legal violation. 

2.11 Use .
As of the Effective Date, (x) the words and carbon monoxide
alarms, detectors or systems are added after fire
extinguishers in Paragraph 51(b) of the Rider to the
Original Lease, and (y) the words and for parking tractor
trailers and/or containers are inserted at the end of the
second sentence of Paragraph 51(c) of the Rider to the Original
Lease. 

2.12 End
of Term . As of the Effective Date, Paragraph 52 of the Rider
to the Original Lease is hereby modified and amended (A) to add the
words (i) pay as use and occupancy for each month of the
holdover or any portion thereof (including the time holding over in
occupancy after the issuance of a judgment of possession and
warrant of eviction through the date the Landlord regains
possession of the Premises) an amount equal to after the
words Tenant shall in the third line of such
paragraph; and (B) to add the words in the event the
holdover period extends beyond sixty (60) days at the
beginning of both subsections (ii) and (iii). 

2.13 Default .
(A) As of the Effective Date, the second sentence of Paragraph
58(d) of the Rider to the Original Lease is hereby
deleted. 

(B) As
of the Effective Date, the following is added as the last sentence
to Paragraph 58(c) of the Rider to the Original Lease: 

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if Tenant prevails on
the merits of the dispute that is the subject of any such action or
proceeding (as distinguished from the dispute being resolved by
settlement or the subject action or proceeding being withdrawn or
dismissed in connection with Landlord s acceptance of a cure
offered by Tenant), then (i) Tenant shall not be obligated to pay
Landlord s legal fees in connection with the subject action
or proceeding and (ii) instead, Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for
the reasonable legal fees incurred by Tenant in defending the
subject action or proceeding (in an amount not to exceed the legal
fee payment amount to which Landlord would have been entitled had
Tenant not prevailed in the subject action or
proceeding). 

2.14 Insurance .
As of the Effective Date, 

(A) the
first line of Paragraph 59(a) of the Rider to the Lease is hereby
amended to insert the words and shall require its
contractors and subcontractors to after the words
 Tenant shall 

(B) the
words Landlord and its construction affiliate and management
company are deleted from Paragraph 59(a) of the Rider and
replaced with the Indemnified Parties (as hereinafter
defined) 

(C)
Paragraph 59(a)(ii) is hereby deleted and replaced with: 
 Special Perils Property Insurance Form and to include
the additional perils of loss from windstorm or hail including
coverage for water damage from but not necessarily limited to,
sprinkler leakage, sewer discharge or back up and overflow from
other tenant s spaces (if applicable), flood and earthquake
(if applicable) insuring Tenant s property including
improvements and betterments made by or on the behalf of Tenant,
(and including, without limitation, Business Interruption coverage
providing for the payment of all rent and additional rent payable
under this lease for a period of twelve (12) months including
 Extra Expense and Equipment Breakdown Insurance)
insuring Tenant s property, equipment and all items within
the Premises which Tenant is obligated to maintain and/or replace
for the full insurable value thereof or replacement cost value
thereof, whichever is greater without deduction for depreciation
and shall have an agreed value endorsement or otherwise waive
coinsurance penalties. 

(D) The
following two (2) sentences are inserted as the second and third
sentences of Paragraph 59(a): All of Tenant s
liability insurance policies (including, without limitation,
policies carried by Tenant s contractors and subcontractors)
with the exception of worker s compensation, shall include
the Indemnified Parties as additional insureds. All of
Tenant s casualty policies including workers compensation (if
applicable under law) shall contain a waiver of subrogation
endorsement in favor of the additional insureds and be primary and
non-contributory to other insurance carried by the additional
insureds. All of Landlord s casualty policies including
workers compensation (if applicable under law) shall contain a
waiver of subrogation endorsement in favor of
Tenant. 

(E)
Each of Landlord and Tenant hereby waive and release each other of
and from any and all rights of recovery, claims, or causes of
action, whether by subrogation or otherwise, against each other,
their agents, officers and employees, for any loss or damage that
may occur to any furniture, equipment, machinery, goods, supplies
or any other property (regardless of cause or origin, including
negligence of Landlord or Tenant and their agents, officers and
employees), which loss or damage is insured by any policy of
insurance carried by the party sustaining such loss, or which loss
or damage would have been insured pursuant to insurance required to
be carried under this Lease by the party sustaining such loss had
such party obtained such insurance. 

2.15 Assignment/Subletting .
As of the Effective Date, in the event that Tenant assigns or
sublets the Lease in accordance with Paragraph 54(h) of the Rider
to the Lease then (x) the provisions of Paragraphs 54(b) and 54(e)
of the Rider to the Lease shall not apply to such assignment or
sublease; and (y) Paragraph 54(i) of the Rider to the Lease shall
not apply to an assignment or sublease to an affiliated entity
provided that the conditions in 54(h)(i) and (ii) are
met. 

2.16 Miscellaneous .
(A) As of the Effective Date, Paragraph 63(k) of the Rider to the
Lease is hereby modified and amended to add the words ,
trade fixtures (including, without limitation, racking) and/or
inventory after the word
 equipment . 

(B) As
of the Effective Date, (x) the following words in the first and
second line of Paragraph 63(l) of the Rider to the Lease: To
the fullest extent permitted by law, Tenant shall indemnify, hold
harmless and defend Landlord, its affiliates, managing agents,
construction company, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees
and agents are hereby deleted and replaced with the
following: Tenant shall, and shall require its contractors
and subcontractors to, indemnify, hold harmless and defend
Landlord, its affiliates (including, without limitation, Rechler
Equity Management LLC and Rechler Equity Construction LLC),
partners, members, lenders, managing agents, construction company,
subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees and agents
(collectively, the Indemnified Parties );
and (y) the words real property are deleted from
Paragraph 63(l) of the Rider to the Lease and replaced with
 Real Property . 

(C) As
of the Effective Date, Paragraph 63(n) of the Rider to the Lease is
hereby deleted and replaced with the following: (n)
Notwithstanding anything contained to the contrary in this lease,
except for Tenant s liability under Paragraph 52 hereof,
Landlord and Tenant each hereby waives any right to recover against
the other party any indirect, consequential, special, punitive or
incidental damages against the other party in any cause of action,
proceeding or claim arising out of, or in connection with, this
lease. 

ARTICLE
III 

Broker 

3.1 

 Landlord and Tenant
each represents that this Agreement was not brought about by any
broker, and all negotiations with respect to this Agreement were
conducted exclusively between Landlord and Tenant. Landlord and
Tenant each agrees that if any claim is made for commissions by any
broker through or on account of any acts of Landlord or Tenant,
Landlord or Tenant, as applicable, will indemnify, defend and hold
the other party free and harmless from any and all liabilities and
expenses in connection therewith, including reasonable
attorney s fees and disbursements. 

ARTICLE
IV 

Ratification 

4.1 

 Tenant represents
and warrants that the Original Lease is presently in full force and
effect, that no event of default has occurred on the part of
Landlord and that Tenant has no defense or right of offset in
connection with Landlord s performance under the Original
Lease to this date. 

4.2 

 The parties hereby
ratify and confirm all the terms, covenants and conditions of the
Original Lease, except to the extent that those terms, covenants
and conditions are amended, modified or varied by this Agreement.
If there is a conflict between the provisions of the Original Lease
and the provisions of this Agreement, then the provisions of this
Agreement shall control. 

4.3 

 This Agreement
shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and/or assigns. 

4.4 This
Agreement may be executed in several counterparts all of which
shall constitute one agreement, binding on all the parties hereto,
notwithstanding that all the parties are not signatories to the
same counterpart. A signature upon this Agreement delivered by
facsimile or other electronic means shall be effective for all
purposes as the original. 

[the
remainder of this page intentionally left blank] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this First Amendment to
Lease as of the day and year first above written. 

Landlord: 

 REP
2035 LLC 

By:
______________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

Tenant: 

 SCIENTIFIC
INDUSTRIES, INC. 

By:
______________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT A 

Floor Plan Showing the 5,003 Expansion Premises and the 5,003
Expansion Work 

(see
attached) 

EXHBIT
 B 

FORM OF
EARLY ACCESS AND INDEMNITY AGREEMENT 

PROPERTY 

ADDRESS: 

 ________________________________________ Property 

CONTRACTOR: 

 ________________________________________ Contractor 

TENANT: 

 ________________________________________ Tenant 

OWNER:
_________________________________________( Owner 

DATE: 

_________,
2021 

1. 

 PURPOSE: Supplementing the
agreement entered into between Contractor and Tenant dated
________, 2021crelating to certain work (the Work to be performed by
Contractor at the above captioned Property, Contractor shall be
obligated to comply with the terms of this agreement relating to
providing insurance and indemnification to the Tenant Parties (as
hereinafter defined). 

OR IF THERE IS NO OTHER WRITTEN AGREEMENT BETWEEN CONTRACTOR AND
TENANT: 

This
agreement between Contractor and Tenant is to set forth for the
terms upon which Contractor shall provide insurance and
indemnification to the Tenant Parties (as hereinafter defined) with
respect to certain work (the Work to be performed by
Contractor at the above captioned Property. 

2. 

 INDEMNITY : To the fullest
extent permitted by law, Contractor shall, at its sole cost and
expense, indemnify, defend and hold harmless Tenant ), Owner ), Rechler Equity
LLC, Rechler Equity Management LLC, Rechler Equity Construction
LLC, and any and all respective members, partners, directors,
officers, shareholders, employees, agents, affiliates,
subsidiaries, successors and assigns of each of them (hereinafter
referred to collectively as the Tenant Parties ), from
and against all claims, damages, losses and expenses, including,
but not limited to, attorneys fees, arising out of or
resulting from the performance or non-performance of the Work by
Contractor and all of its sub-contractors, regardless of whether or
not it is caused in part by a party indemnified hereunder. Such
obligation shall not be construed to negate, abridge or otherwise
reduce any other right or obligation of indemnity which would
otherwise exist to any party or person described in this paragraph.
This indemnity agreement shall survive the completion of the
Work. 

3. 

 INSURANCE
REQUIREMENTS : 

(a) 

 Contractor shall
procure and maintain at all times during the term of this Agreement
the following insurance with coverage and limits not less than that
shown below to protect against any claims arising out of, or
resulting from, the Work: 

Commercial General
Liability: 

 1,000,000 Per
Location 

Premises
Liability: 

 1,000,000 

Products 
Completed
Operations: 

 1,000,000 

Personal/Advertising
Injury: 

 1,000,000 

Contractual
Liability: 

 1,000,000 

Business Automobile
Coverage: 

 1,000,000 

Employer s
Liability: 

 1,000,000 Per
Claim 

Workers 
Compensation: 

 Per State
Requirements 

Disability
Insurance: 

 Per State
Requirements 

Umbrella
Coverage: 

 5,000,000 

(b) 

 The Contractor and
the Contractor s insurers shall waive all rights of
subrogation against the Tenant Parties. 

(c) 

 The Contractor
warrants that in addition to the coverage requirements set forth
above, the following coverage conditions shall be met: 

(i)
 Commercial General
Liability and Umbrella Policy : Coverage shall include
Premises, Products and Completed Operations, Personal/Advertising
Injury, and Contractual Liability for bodily injury, including
personal injury, death, and property damage. Each policy shall: (a)
be written on a per occurrence basis with an unmodified industry
standard coverage form, (b) contain a per location/project
aggregate, (c) be written with a deductible not to exceed 5,000
per occurrence (a self insured retention will not be accepted), (d)
be primary without right of contribution from any insurance that is
carried by the Tenant Parties, (e) name the Tenant Parties as
Additional Insureds, (f) include a severability of interest clause,
(g) contain a waiver of subrogation in favor of the Additional
Insureds, (h) provide that Contractor is solely responsible for the
payment of all premiums, deductibles, penalties and punitive
damages thereunder, and (i) provide
that the act or omission of one insured party will not invalidate
the policy as to the other Insureds . Contractor s
umbrella policy shall be no less broad than the underlying policy,
shall have the same inception and expiration dates as the
underlying policy, and shall include a drop-down
provision. 

(ii)
 Business Automobile
Liability : Coverage shall be written on a business auto form
for any auto included owned, non-owned, and hired or
borrowed vehicles and trailers. Coverage shall be provided with a
combined single limit for each accident, including bodily injury
and property damage liability. 

(iii) 

 Worker s Compensation Insurance
and Employer s Liability : Each policy shall: (a)
provide that Contractor is solely responsible for the payment of
all premiums thereunder, and (b) contain a waiver of subrogation in
favor of the Tenant Parties. 

(d) 

 Business Personal Property :
Contractor shall also be required to purchase acceptable
 All-Risk coverage or provide acceptable proof of
self-insurance for all personal property, including any tools,
machinery, equipment sheds, and materials or supplies, under an
 all risk property policy, and such policy should
grant a waiver of subrogation in favor of the Tenant Parties. The
Tenant Parties and their agents take no responsibility for
Contractor s personal property. 

[the
remainder of this page intentionally left blank] 

In
Witness Whereof, the undersigned has executed this agreement the
____ day of __________, 2021. 

Acknowledged and Agreed by: 

Tenant: 

 Contractor: 

_________________________ 

 _________________________ 

By:
____________________________ 

 By:
_____________________________ 

Name: 

 Name: 

Title: 

 Title: 

</EX-10>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 scnd-20210630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 scnd-20210630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 scnd-20210630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 scnd-20210630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 scnd-20210630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 scnd-20210630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

