<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211027_10-K_edgar_data_1534155_0001534155-21-000024.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7974823</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>307771</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2183254</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2098625</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1349355</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1920219</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001534155-21-000024.hdr.sgml : 20211027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211027172918
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001534155-21-000024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ameri Metro, Inc. (formerly Yellowwood)
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534155
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEAVY CONSTRUCTION OTHER THAN BUILDING CONST - CONTRACTORS [1600]
		IRS NUMBER:				451877342
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54546
		FILM NUMBER:		211354058

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2575 EASTERN BLVD. # 211
		CITY:			YORK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17402
		BUSINESS PHONE:		717-701-7726

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2575 EASTERN BLVD. # 211
		CITY:			YORK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17402

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Yellowwood Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001534155-21-000024.txt : 20211027

10-K
 1
 amgi10k0721.htm
 10K 20210731

Ameri Metro, Inc. 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

 . 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 
 
 (Title of class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 Yes No 
 
 1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , non-accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of preferred stock and common stock as of the latest practicable date. 

Class 
 Outstanding at October 27, 2021 
 Preferred Stock, par value 0.000001 
 shares 
 Class A Common Stock, par value 0.000001 
 shares 
 Class B Common Stock, par value 0.000001 
 shares 
 Class C Common Stock, par value 0.000001 
 shares 
 Class D Common Stock, par value 0.000001 
 shares 

2 

AMERI METRO, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 INDEX 

Page 

PART I 

 4 

ITEM 1. 

 BUSINESS 

 4 

ITEM 1.A 

 RISK FACTORS 

 38 

ITEM 1.B 

 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 38 

ITEM 2. 

 PROPERTIES 

 38 

ITEM 3. 

 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 38 

ITEM 4. 

 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 38 

PART II 

39 

ITEM 5. 

 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER 

 39 

MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

ITEM 6. 

 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

 39 

ITEM 
 7. 

 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 

 39 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

ITEM 7.A 

 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 44 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 45 

ITEM 9. 

 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 

69 

FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

ITEM 9A. 

 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 69 

PART III 

 70 

ITEM 10. 

 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 70 

ITEM 11. 

 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 73 

ITEM 12. 

 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND 

 77 

RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

ITEM 13. 

 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR 

 79 

INDEPENDENCE 

ITEM 14. 

 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

 82 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

 83 

3 

Index 

PART I 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents
incorporated by reference, include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions
that, if they prove incorrect or never materialize, could cause our results to differ materially and adversely from those expressed or
implied by such forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to any statements, predictions
and expectations regarding our earnings, revenues, sales and operations, operating expenses, anticipated cash needs, capital requirements
and capital expenditures, needs for additional financing, use of working capital, plans for future products, services and distribution
channels, anticipated growth strategies, planned capital raises, ability to attract distributors and customers, sources of net revenue,
anticipated trends and challenges in our business and the markets in which we operate, the impact of economic and industry conditions
on our customers and our business, customer demand, our competitive position, the outcome of any litigation against us, critical accounting
policies and the impact of recent accounting pronouncements. Additional forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
pertaining to other financial items, plans, strategies or objectives of management for future operations, our financial condition or prospects,
and any other statement that is not historical fact. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as may, 
 might, intend, should, could, can, would, continue, 
 expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, predict, potential, 
 plan, seek and similar expressions and variations or the negativities of these terms or other comparable terminology. 

These forward-looking statements are based on the
expectations, estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to management,
all of which is subject to change. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that are difficult
to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements. We undertake
no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements
for any reason except as otherwise required by law. 

The information contained in this Form 10-K is not
a complete description of our business or the risks associated with an investment in our common stock. We urge you to carefully review
and consider the various disclosures made by us in our Quarterly Report, and this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31,
2021 and in our other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

 Ameri
Metro, Inc. Ameri Metro and the Company is multifaceted emerging growth critical infrastructure and economic
development company. Company under the master construction agreement with twenty (20) related and non-related parties has over 510 Billion
(USA) in construction contracts and or agreement/MOUs to construct projects, for various governments and states throughout the United
States of America. Unaudited results of entity operations estimate Comprehensive Income of 6.938T as further described on page
81 of this 10-K. Management has not recorded these results in the consolidated financial statements. 

 The Company and
its 20 related entities were formed to engage primarily in High-Speed Rail for passenger, freight transportation, and ancillary infrastructure
projects such as inland ports, deep water seaports, airports, airline, toll roads, toll bridges, energy, utilities, power grid, telecommunications,
technologies, housing, insurance services, media, and as mortgage banker for infrastructure projects and related transportation projects. 

 Since its incorporation,
the Company has developed its business plan, appointed officers and directors, engaged initial project consultants, and had meetings with
certain agencies and groups related to potential future projects. As disclosed in the Current Potential Projects section,
the Company has entered into agreements with related and non-related parties. The Company s business model and proceeds raised from
financings will allow the Company to begin the ATFI Roadway and Port Trajan project as well as other current potential projects. 

 The
Company Founder, Shah Mathias, has organized and established three related non-profit corporations and is an independent consultant of
a fourth non-profit (ATFI) for the purpose of funding current potential projects of the Company identified by Transportation Economics
Management Systems (TEMS), TEMS, a transportation/rail/sea vessel consulting firm working for and with the Company has completed preliminary
studies on behalf of the end user both public and private. The Company can introduce related and non-related entities to the four
non-profit entities for the purpose of funding projects they have. 

4 

These
are the 4 Non-Profit entities with the ability to officiate Master Bond Indentures when sponsored by a state end user: 

 1.
Alabama Toll Facilities, Inc. (ATFI) (A Non-Related Party) 

 2.
Hi Speed Rail Facilities, Inc. (HSRF) (A Related Party) 

 3.
Hi Speed Rail Facilities Provider, Inc. (HSFP) (A Related Party) 

 4.
Global Infrastructure Finance Development Authority (GIF DA) (A Related Party) 

 These three non profit related entities
will play a vital role in financing. The non-profits statutes provide a vehicle to issue bonds and help secure infrastructure projects.
The non-profit entities have the discretion to turn over the infrastructure projects to the state, or the governing body after it has
successfully developed and paid for the potential projects. 

 With the funding raised from financings, the
Company will then be able to consult the end users, related and non-related entities, and non-profits (who will sponsor bond offerings
to fund the projects) and to contract with one or more of the largest construction firms in the United States who will carry out the actual
construction management on the large projects we plan on building. The Company does not have the work force, nor expertise to perform
the actual physical work from start to finish. However, the Company anticipates engaging the largest construction management and construction
firms in the industry, such as AECOM, to meet the project s needs. AECOM, as noted in its filings with the SEC, has over thirty
years of experience undertaking similar projects and produced 13.2 billion in revenue in 2020. They have 47,000 employees, and provide
planning, consulting, architectural, and engineering design services to commercial and governmental clients across 7 continents. AECOM
also offers construction services, including building construction and energy, infrastructure and industrial construction. In addition,
they can provide program and facility management which entails maintenance, training, logistics, consulting, technical assistance, systems
integration, and information technology services. 

 The Company anticipates these firms will want
to be involved due to the scale of each project the Company has under contract, and those potential projects the Company can engage in
as a result of their relationship with the non-profit entities. 

 The Company also believes the economic studies
performed by TEMS will confirm that the cost of the projects will be supported by the usage and revenues generated by the project. This
will allow the Company, and the associated construction firms contracted with, to sustain profit. The types of projects the Company is
proposing to build have generally been successful in the United States over the last 200 years and will attempt to improve the way passengers
and freight are transported around the United States. 

 On December 1, 2010, the Company formed its
wholly-owned subsidiary, Global Transportation Infrastructure, Inc. GTI ). GTI was formed to provide development
and construction consulting services for Alabama Toll Facilities, Inc. ATFI is a non-related, non-profit company supported
by the State of Alabama, to act as the exclusive entity, as set forth in House Joint Resolutions, H.J.R 459 and H.J.R. 456, to finance
the development of the 357 mile Alabama Toll Road (starting on the coastline of Alabama and running northward to the border of Tennessee). 

 Pursuant
to the executed agreement with ATFI, Assignment Agreement For Construction, 
GTI will act as the consultant for such a toll road, including implementation of the financing mechanism for the design, planning, engineering
and related costs for its construction, and to engage in the construction of freight transportation and related transportation projects
by contracting with some of the largest construction firms in the industry. ATFI is a non-related entity, and along with other related
entity projects that are supported by the ATFI 357 mile toll road in Alabama, the Company intends to act as the conduit to bring the ATFI
toll roadway to completion. The ATFI toll roadway and other related potential projects stemming from the ATFI toll roadway project, are
at different stages of a six-stage process supported by agreements and contracts. 

 The Company has a six
stage process for potential future project opportunities: 

1. 
 Management s Decision to take on a project 

2. 
 Enter into Letters of Intent, Agreements, Construction Contracts 

3. 
 Obtain State(s) sponsorship of the project through legislative actions (where applicable) 

4. 
 Engineering and Design Studies, Architectural Design, Feasibility Studies 

5. 
 Raise Capital through Bond Financing and/or Company stock offerings or other borrowings 

6. 
 Management of the physical construction as a general contractor 

The Company s current list of potential
project opportunities is contained in the Business Plan Section. The common thread with all these future opportunities is that the Company
has not yet started Stage 5 or Stage 6, but continues to spend time, effort, and resources 

5 

to advance each current
potential project. Each current potential project requires the raising of capital, which we expect to be accomplished through one or more
of the non-profit entities mentioned on the previous page. 

With the Alabama legislation Joint Resolution HJR
459 and HJR 456 signed by the Governor, the ATFI current potential project along with the ancillary projects are designed to support the
sustainability and to ensure the success of the ATFI current potential project. The Company, pursuant to the construction agreements,
is acting as Master General Contractor for the building of the toll road. The Company will also build ancillary projects and related transportation
systems, including but not limited to rail and toll bridges, upon the successful issuance of the bond offering. The Company plans to improve
port operations and cargo facilities while building a 357 mile toll road from the coast of Alabama to the southern border of the State
of Tennessee. 

The contracts between ATFI and the Company are in
full force and effect under the House Joint Resolution HJR 459 and 456 unless new legislation is issued to rescind the current HJR 459
and HJR 456. The related and non-related party contracts are in full force and effect in association with the current potential projects. 

The Company makes no guarantee we will succeed in
our business plan to help the United States by improving the infrastructure and changing the way cargo and the population travel, but
according to the United States Government it is a high priority to improve states infrastructure without taxing the American public.
The Company s business model and ATFI legislative rights that are in place stand a reasonable chance of making a difference. 

As Super Cargo ships increase in size, studies show
that the US ports do not have the sufficient water depth of fifty feet to berth these mega ships. The map below shows the Alabama Port
which ties to the ATFI toll road have the sufficient water depth of fifty feet. 

There are current studies taking place by US
ports on how they will solve the problem. The new challenge to US ports stems from the Panama Canal being widened and deepened to accommodate
such ships. Most US ports shown in the map below still lack the water depth to receive such ships substantiated by public reports found
on the ASCE American Society of Civil Engineers website under Report Card For America s Infrastructure . The Panama
Canal studies below were completed by TEMS: 

The Company s first current potential project Port Trajan 
is directly connected to our current Alabama port potential project Port De Claudius, Inc. through the new Alabama Toll
Road ATFI connecting to Route 81 in Knoxville Tennessee, which today is a major shipping corridor from Tennessee to Maine
with South Central Pennsylvania (the location of Port Trajan) becoming one of the current distribution locations for the northeast. We
believe that the ports of Mobile and Baltimore, each with 50 feet of water depths, 

6 

stand to be the ports used in making
cargo movement to the northeast corridor more efficient as the size of cargo ships continues to increase. These ports, based on studies
performed by TEMS, have the ability to be deepened and the cost to do so will be offset by the economic impact they create according to
studies performed to date by TEMS. 

The Company s funding plans include stock offering
and non-related and related parties officiating bond offerings to fund the current potential projects identified. 

The major elements of the infrastructure for
the current potential projects as part of the Company s planned activities are stated below: 

 Trade and Transportation Corridors 

Development of container ports for Class C, D and E
 ships 

Development of inland transportation corridors including
 new greenfield highways and railroads 

Building of inland ports and multimodal transportation
 centers 

Development of new urban centers along the new infrastructure 

Development of ancillary facilities including airport
 (express service), distribution centers, and logistics centers. 

High Speed Rail 

Development of modern rail equipment operating at speeds exceeding 250 mph 

Use rail to connect rural, small urban and major metropolitan areas 

Track improvement, including replacement and upgrades,
 additional sidings, signal and communications systems, and grade-crossing improvements 

Building of new greenfield routes 

Construction or improvement of railroad grade crossings and passenger stations 

Acquiring new train equipment including train sets and spares 

Transportation Infrastructure 

 Development of new road systems to accommodate driverless
cars and trucks, including electric cars and infrastructure to support the highway and rail systems that will be used in Trade and Transportation
Corridors and the High Speed Rail Systems. 

Supporting Ancillary Development 

Development or expansion of a feeder bus system linking outlying areas to railroad
 stations 

Operation of a hub-and-spoke passenger rail
 system providing service to and through one or more major hubs to locations throughout the United States 

Provision of multi-modal connections to improve system access, hotels, retail,
 parking garages, sorting facilities / distribution facilities 

Supporting Transportation Systems 

Ancillary development opportunities, airports, inland ports, seaports, toll roads
 and technology parks 

As the US and World populations are rapidly
increasing, infrastructure is becoming inadequate and dilapidated as stated on the American Society of Civil Engineers website. Government
authorities are unable to keep up with preventative maintenance and replacement work because of the lack of funding. Studies have consistently
shown that the development of infrastructure promotes economic growth. However, the global financial crises have sent governments into
restructuring their budgets and reduced the possibility for funding new infrastructure development. 

 The Company s management team has recognized
the need for a solution to limit the financial burden on governments and taxpayers alike. The Company plans to use Private Public Partnerships
to fund some or all of the capital requirements for the current potential project opportunities. The Company s use of proceeds from
the offering will potentially make it possible for the Company to fulfill its consulting agreements with ATFI and Related Parties to begin
immediately the feasibility studies and investment grade studies needed to officiate the bond offerings, specifically for the Port
Trajan current potential project as detailed in the current potential project section. 

Once TEMS completes feasibility and environmental
studies, it will be the Company s goal through the financial markets to raise capital from bond offerings. 

In order to support the functionality of financial
structure between the end user, whether public or private, and the non-profit, whether related or non-related, Shah Mathias created the
twenty related entities listed below of which the Company owns 25 of eighteen (plus 10 of one and 2 of one) via non-voting common shares,
with the remaining 75 of eighteen (plus 90 of one and 98 of one) and 

7 

100 voting control
owned by Mr. Mathias. The Company acting in its Master Consulting role will be the conduit between one or more of the related entities
who will secure by contract the project from the end user and approach the non-profits for bond offering of the project. The construction
management services will be performed by one or more of the largest construction management firms in the United States by utilizing existing
well-established construction firms in or near the project location to perform the physical work on each project. The Company s
consulting staffing needs are already in place and any additional needs can be met easily. Once a project is started, the consulting management
team of the Company would rely heavily on the work force of some of the largest construction management firms in the country. The twenty-first
related entity, HSRF Statutory Trust, was created to place the bond offering revenue in trust managed by agreements with ING (now Voya). 

1. 
 HSR Freight Line, Inc. 

2. 
 HSR Passenger Services, Inc. 

3. 
 HSR Technologies, Inc. 

4. 
 HSR Logistics, Inc. 

5. 
 KSJM International Airport, Inc. 

6. 
 Port of Ostia, Inc. 

7. 
 Port of De Claudius, Inc. 

8. 
 Atlantic Energy Utility Products, Inc. 

9. 
 Malibu Homes, Inc. 

10. 
 Ameri Cement, Inc. 

11. 
 Lord Chauffeurs LTD. 

12. 
 Penn Insurance Services LLC 

13. 
 Cape Horn Abstracting 

14. 
 Eastern Development Design, Inc. 

15. 
 Slater West, Inc. 

16. 
 Platinum Media Inc. 

17. 
 Susquehanna Mortgage Bankers Corp. 

18. 
 Natural Resources LLC 

19. 
 Dutch East India Logistics Co. 

20. 
 Ann Charles International Airport, Inc., 

21. 
 HSRF Statutory Trust 

These entities play a vital role in terms of
becoming the entity that builds and owns the potential project while the bond debt is being paid back. The ultimate beneficial owner of
the project could be one of these entities or in the case of State projects, the State would become the beneficial owner of the project
built once the bond debt is retired. This business model will control cost over runs and allow for more tightly managed projects during
construction and then management of the operations of the project until the debt is paid back. 

 In
summary and for clear understanding of the process: 

 The State who has a project to build would be
able to have the project built by sponsoring the bond offering on behalf of one of the related entities below. The related entities would
build and manage the project, assume the liability of the debt and then return the project back to the State upon retirement of the bond
debt. In the case of non-State projects, the related entity could be the beneficial owner of the project at the end of the bond debt retirement. 

 1) HSR Freight line, Inc. This
company will handle all services related to the use of track time, train sets leases and freight forwarding services. HSR Freight Line,
Inc. intends to offer high speed rail, freight forwarding and parcel handling services to existing national and global carriers. As opposed
to independently developing a freight corridor, carriers will be able to lease train sets with their trade logos and slogans in their
own color schemes at various rates depending on the time frames, in addition to toll fees for track time. The Company interfaces with
the entity in three separate stages: Stage 1 interface - as consultant for a fee, Stage 2 interface as consultant for construction
services for a fee and Stage 3 interface as a 25 non-controlling interest shareholder, sharing in post construction operations
revenue. 

 2) HSR Passenger Services, Inc. 
This company will handle all ticketing, booking, reservations, food beverage services, hotel booking and car rental booking services.
HSR Passenger Service Inc. will offer concession space at the travel plazas, technology parks and develop motels, hotels, fast food restaurant
establishments and convenience stores. The Company interfaces with the entity in three separate stages: Stage 1 interface - as consultant
for a fee, Stage 2 interface as consultant for construction services for a fee and Stage 3 interface as a 25 non-controlling
interest shareholder, sharing in post construction operations revenue. 

8 

3) HSR Technologies, Inc. This company
will handle all build to suit manufacturing facilities for train sets and centralized signalization services along the railroad tracks
and train stations. Within the technology parks HSR Technologies, Inc. will be a sole provider of all fiber optics, telecommunication
and all related technologies services including equipment maintenance. 

A. 
 Maintenance for train engines, rail cars and rail track through a maintenance
 agreement with equipment lease holders. 

B. 
 Total maintenance for all Industrial sites for assembly plants, train stations,
 train terminals, manufacturing plants, parts distribution centers, rail roads, rail crossings, rail yards, cargo terminals, parking lot,
 parking garages, hotel, motels, food and beverage vending machines, all retail shopping centers, office complexes and all on/off site
 improvements. 

C. 
 The airline industry is congested throughout existing terminal space. The proposed
 KSJM International Airport in Alabama will offer services to eliminate burden on existing terminal space for airline carriers. Federal
 Aviation Administration (FAA) certified inspection stations will service the airline industry. This company will also provide marine services,
 oil platforms and petro chemical industry services due to proximity to the Gulf of Mexico. 

The Company interfaces with the entity, in
three separate stages: Stage 1 interface - as consultant for a fee, Stage 2 interface as consultant for construction services
for a fee and Stage 3 interface as a 25 non-controlling interest shareholder, sharing in post construction operations revenue. 

4) HSR Logistics, Inc. This company
will handle coordination, delivery and movement of all machinery equipment, material goods and will operate all warehousing facilities. 

 The Company interfaces with the entity
in three separate stages: Stage 1 interface - as consultant for a fee, Stage 2 interface as consultant for construction services
for a fee and Stage 3 interface as a 25 non-controlling interest shareholder, sharing in post construction operations revenue. 

 5) KSJM International Airport, Inc. 
This company formed to serve as a master airport facility. It will provide four types of airport terminals and one international airline
inspection service terminal operated by HSR Technologies Inc.: 

a) 
 Passenger Terminals, operated by HSR Passenger Services Inc. 

b) 
 Air Cargo Terminals, operated by Port of Ostia, Inc. 

c) 
 Corporate Jet Center Terminal 

d) 
 International Airline, FAA inspections maintenance service terminals, operated
 by KSJM International Airport, Inc. 

e) 
 Domestic Airline FAA inspection maintenance service terminals, operated by HSR
 Technologies Inc. 

The Company interfaces with the entity in
three separate stages: Stage 1 interface - as consultant for a fee, Stage 2 interface as consultant for construction services
for a fee and Stage 3 interface as a 25 non-controlling interest shareholder, sharing in post construction operations revenue. 

6) Port of Ostia, Inc. This company
will handle foreign and domestic Air Cargo, and while supporting ground services such as freight forwarding services will be provided
by HSR Freight Line, Inc. and air and ground logistics will be provided by HSR Logistics, Inc. The Company interfaces with the entity
in three separate stages: Stage 1 interface - as consultant for a fee, Stage 2 interface as consultant for construction services
for a fee and Stage 3 interface as a 25 non-controlling interest shareholder, sharing in post construction operations revenue. 

7) Port of De Claudius, Inc. This
company will handle foreign and domestic inbound/outbound sea container inland port operation and warehouse distribution center. The Company
interfaces with the entity in three separate stages: Stage 1 interface - as consultant for a fee, Stage 2 interface as consultant
for construction services for a fee and Stage 3 interface as a 25 non-controlling interest shareholder, sharing in post construction
operations revenue. 

8) Atlantic Energy Utility Products,
Inc. This company will provide electric, gas, water, sanitary sewer service, trash removal, cable TV, Dish network and internet services.
Petroleum products and services will also be provided during and after construction, along with fuel services on the toll road, all industrial
and technology parks, including the airport, inland ports and incoming and outgoing vessels. The Company interfaces with the entity in
three separate stages: Stage 1 interface - as consultant for a fee, Stage 2 interface as consultant for construction services
for a fee and Stage 3 interface as a 25 non-controlling interest shareholder, sharing in post construction operations revenue. 

9 

9) Malibu
Homes, Inc. This company will provide residential home building services. The Company interfaces with the entity, in three separate
stages: Stage 1 interface - as consultant for a fee, Stage 2 interface as consultant for construction services for a fee and Stage
3 interface as a 25 non-controlling interest shareholder, sharing in post construction operations revenue. 

 10) Ameri Cement, Inc. This company
handles all cement needs for building (357 miles four lane) Alabama Toll Road ATFl and other future projects. The Company
interfaces with the entity in three separate stages: Stage 1 interface - as consultant for a fee, Stage 2 interface as consultant
for construction services for a fee and Stage 3 interface as a 25 non-controlling interest shareholder, sharing in post construction
operations revenue. 

 11) Lord Chauffeurs LID. This company
operates all passenger ground transportation car service for passengers such as limo and taxi, as well as the corporate jet center. The
Company interfaces with the entity in three separate stages: Stage 1 interface - as consultant for a fee, Stage 2 interface as
consultant for construction services for a fee and Stage 3 interface as a 25 non-controlling interest shareholder, sharing in
post construction operations revenue. 

 12) Penn Insurance Services LLC. 
This company provides all insurance services to all entities and risk management services for all entities, but not limited to the entities.
The Company interfaces with the entity in three separate stages: Stage 1 interface - as consultant for a fee, Stage 2 interface 
as consultant for construction services for a fee and Stage 3 interface as a 25 non-controlling interest shareholder, sharing
in post construction operations revenue. 

 13) Cape Horn Abstracting. This
company provides all-land title examination services for all entities to insure against any pre -closing and post-closing claims of ownership
or deed restriction. The Company interfaces with the entity in three separate stages: Stage 1 interface - as consultant for a fee, Stage
2 interface as consultant for construction services for a fee and Stage 3 interface as a 25 non-controlling interest
shareholder, sharing in post construction operations revenue. 

 14) Eastern Development Design,
Inc. This company provides all civil engineering and architectural services with strong cost control measures thereby reducing engineering
and architectural cost over runs. The Company interfaces with the entity in three separate stages: Stage 1 interface - as consultant for
a fee, Stage 2 interface as consultant for construction services for a fee and Stage 3 interface as a 25 non-controlling
interest shareholder, sharing in post construction operations revenue. 

 15) Slater West, Inc. This
company provides contract administration services and handles all work force human resource matters, including background checks, loss
prevention services, vendor invoice verification against goods and services provided, and to clear invoice for payment. The Company interfaces
with the entity in three separate stages: Stage 1 interface - as consultant for a fee, Stage 2 interface as consultant for construction
services for a fee and Stage 3 interface as a 25 non-controlling interest shareholder, sharing in post construction operations
revenue. 

 16) Platinum Media, Inc. Designed
to provide all media related services. The Company interfaces with the entity in three separate stages: Stage 1 interface - as consultant
for a fee, Stage 2 interface as consultant for construction services for a fee and Stage 3 interface as a 25 non-controlling
interest shareholder, sharing in post construction operations revenue. 

 17) Susquehanna Mortgage Bankers Corp.
 Established in 1994, the entity was fully licensed by the Pennsylvania Banking Commission and HUD, as a lender. The entity is in the
process of reactivating with the State of Pennsylvania to become a licensed Commercial Residential lender, an entity supervised
by the state banking commission. It has applied for a Fintech Commercial Residential lender with the U.S. Office of Currency Control
to become a licensed lender under the U.S. Federal Reserve system. SMBC is expected to have eight times borrowing power from the Federal
Reserve. The Company has a 2 noncontrolling interest, sharing in entity assets and pre-tax profits. 

18) Natural Resources, LLC. This company
provides oil, gas and mineral extraction services, timber harvesting, agricultural and related food production services associated with
the operation of large-scale development projects. The Company owns 25 noncontrolling interest, sharing ownership of the asset and operations
revenue. 

19) Dutch East India Logistics Co. Designed
to provide international cargo services in Yuma Arizona. The Company interfaces with the entity in three separate stages: Stage 1 interface
- as consultant for fee, Stage 2 interface as consultant for construction services for fee and Stage 3 interface as a
10 non-controlling interest shareholder, sharing in post construction operations revenue. 

20) Ann Charles International Airport,
Inc. Designed to provide airport services and cargo break facilities in Port Freeport and the Brazoria Fort Bend Rail District Project.
The Company interfaces with the entity in three separate stages: Stage 1 interface as consultant for fee, Stage 2 interface 
as consultant for construction services for fee and Stage 3 interface as a 25 non-controlling interest shareholder, sharing in
post construction operations revenue. 

10 

21) HSRF Statutory Trust. This company
is a statutory trust administrator of private and public funds and will safeguard the bondholder's interest. No money moves to any parties
without trust authorization. 

The Company anticipates the following will occur
by a regional or local municipalities upon the adoption and implementation of Trade, Transportation and a High-Speed Rail Systems as part
of the Company s current potential projects. To date, the Company has not developed any rail systems. 

 The Company will
engage TEMS to provide feasibility and investment grade studies, engage some of the largest construction
management firms in the United States, and locate well-established construction contractors and manufacturers to provide cost estimates
on completing the current potential projects. The Company in its Trade and Transportation corridors will use technology well known to
US contractors, however, because high speed rail travel is already in place in much of Europe and Asia, the Company anticipates
working with European companies to furnish the high speed rail equipment, such as locomotives and passenger cars. 

 The Company will furnish project proposals with
supporting feasibility study, appraisals, and cost/benefit analysis prepared by TEMS. The Company will then provide those tools
to a related entity or related non-profit entity so they can present such project proposals to the municipalities (state or local) as
a complete and finished project. The local or regional municipality will then independently analyze and discuss the Company's proposal .

11 

The two related non-profit entities
created for Trade and Transportation and High Speed Rail projects are: 

 Hi Speed Rail Facilities, Inc. 

 In 2010, the Company entered into an agreement
with HSRF (one of the Company's related non-profit companies) Pursuant to the agreement, the Company will be responsible for the construction
of projects while the non-profit will be responsible for financing the construction and operating various high speed rail and related
projects across the United States. HSRF is designed to focus on the building of train tracks and stations. Pursuant to the agreement
between the Company and HSRF, the Company will act as the agent and representative of HSRF to perform all required tasks and actions to
develop and construct such projects by utilizing a large well-established construction management firm. The Company anticipates that having
this agreement in place and by having HSRF already organized will expedite the process of commencing a project once the Company raises
funds. Material aspects of the agreement are presented below in the Business Plan section. 

 Hi Speed Rail Facilities Provider, Inc. 

 In 2010, the Company entered into a written
agreement with HSRFP (one of the Company's related non-profit companies). The Company will be responsible for the construction of projects
while the nonprofit will be responsible for financing construction and operating various high speed rail and related projects across the
United States. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company was appointed as the agent and representative of HSRFP to perform all required tasks
and actions to develop and construct such projects by utilizing a large well-established construction management firm . 
HSRFP was organized to provide a vehicle to issue bonds and help secure infrastructure projects for the Company, focusing on facilities
ancillary to the high speed rail, such as rail yards, rail assembly plants maintenance facilities. The Company anticipates that having
this agreement in place and by having HSRF already organized will expedite the process of commencing a project once the Company raises
funds. Material aspects of the agreement are presented below in the Business Plan section. 

 ING Investment Management 

 Each of the non-profits has entered into an
investment management agreement with ING Investment Management ING whereby ING will manage any funds raised in bond offerings
and provide investment advisory services. This non-binding agreement would only take effect upon the raising of revenue bonds. ING
would serve to invest, reinvest and supervise the management of any such funds raised, for any project in the future, while such funds
were held in an investment account and until the intended funds are needed for project purposes. The Company and the non-profits have
not commenced raising funds through any bond offerings. 

 Supporting Information 

 The United States Census Bureau predicts that
the American population will reach 389 million by 2050, a trend that will overwhelm our nation s transportation infrastructure according
to the information provided on their website. 

 Current estimates suggest that overall freight
demand will double over the next 40 years from 15 billion tons today to 30 billion tons. The number of trucks on the road is also expected
to double. Already under unsustainable strain, the nation s freight transportation infrastructure and highways will face even greater
challenges as the total volume of freight increases. 

 Extensive infrastructure expansion, such as
new ports, trade corridors and high-speed rail (HSR), is critical to help mitigate problems associated with rising fuel costs, crowded
highways, and greenhouse gas emissions. Population growth and development in the U.S. have made our nation increasingly reliant on rail
and highway infrastructure to transport people and freight. 

 Clearly, a strong, efficient freight transportation
system is vital to the nation s economy. Our nation s already strained and outdated railways must be upgraded to handle the
projected increases in freight shipping to relieve congestion on our highways. We believe that new trade corridors are needed to support
the additions of new ports and infrastructure in marine shipping. New high speed rail routes will also increase connectivity between US
cities to support the emerging new economy. 

12 

Business Plan 

The Company, as a consultant through its Master
Consulting role along with TEMS has collectively identified current potential projects worth five hundred and six billion dollars. The
Company has therefore approached the related non-profits for master bond indentures for each project, to meet the need of the related
and non-related end users of each current potential project. 

 The Company acting as a Master Consultant, and
Master General Contractor through agreements with the related and non-related non-profits, and the related entities will perform construction
management services and consulting services for a fee (see material aspects of agreements below). The related and non-related non-profits
provide a source of capital through bond indentures upon TEMS providing investment grade studies that will confirm the potential project
revenue and will support the debt on behalf of the beneficial owner of a given project. 

 The contractual agreements and material aspects
of the agreements are presented below: 

 Master
Agreement For Construction with the Four Non-profits 

 The Company is in contractual, Master
Agreement For Construction , agreements with High Speed Rail Facilities Inc., High Speed Rail Facilities Provider Inc., Global Infrastructure
Finance Development Authority, Inc. and Alabama Toll Facilities Inc., all four are nonprofit entities referred to as the Cartel 
who could issue bonds on behalf of government, civilian and commercial end user projects directly, or on behalf of the affiliate entities
listed below. The material aspects of the Master Agreement For Construction are as follows: 

1. 
 AMERI as the agent and representative of CARTEL shall perform all required tasks
 and actions to develop and construct the Project as agent and representative of CARTEL without limitation by taking such actions as necessary
 to secure the first and future phases of the financing applicable to the design, planning, engineering and related soft and hard costs
 of the construction of the Project and related activities. The specifications, designs, construction standards, subcontractor agreements,
 insurance requirements, hiring and employment policies and similar items shall be developed by AMERI, subject to approval by CARTEL, and
 as necessary offered for review and approval by appropriate governmental and regulatory agencies. 

2. 
 AMERI shall assure that the Project is constructed according to specifications
 and requirements imposed by the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA). The work done by AMERI through itself, its contractors, subcontractors,
 agents, employees and affiliated organizations, shall be subject to inspections as mandated by law to demonstrate compliance with all
 applicable standards. AMERI shall be responsible for coordinating all construction of the Project including construction work performed
 by subcontractors and others. AMERI shall supervise all phases of the construction of the Project, and it shall be responsible to CARTEL
 for all acts or omissions of its employees, subcontractors, agents, consultants and other parties under its control. AMERI shall contract
 with all subordinate parties in its own name and behalf and not in the name of or on behalf of CARTEL unless later agreed upon by the
 parties. AMERI shall provide to CARTEL, on an on-going basis, a list of all subcontractors and others engaged by AMERI for work on the
 project, together with correct and complete copies of all contracts and agreements with such parties. 

3. 
 The engagement of any subcontractor or subordinate parties for work on the project
 shall not excuse AMERI from complying in all respects with this contract. AMERI shall have full responsibility for every portion of the
 construction of the Project furnished or performed by any subcontractor or subordinate party and every act or omission (whether willful,
 negligent or otherwise) of AMERI s employees, subcontractors and their employees, and all other parties engaged for work upon the
 Project. All construction, acts and omissions of any party participating in the construction of the Project shall be deemed those of AMERI
 for the purposes of this agreement. AMERI shall be responsible for assuring that the construction of the Project is performed in a good
 and workmanlike manner and in accordance with the highest standards of care for the industry. AMERI shall take all reasonable precautions
 to prevent injury, damages or loss to persons or property throughout the Project, including especially issues of environmental protection. 

4. 
 The term of this Agreement shall continue until the completion of the Project
 and thereafter unless and until terminated by mutual agreement of CARTEL and AMERI and it may continue into if not so terminated. 

5. 
 The parties agree that the face amount of the contract between them for CARTEL
 to complete the Projects shall be determined by the face amount of each Master Trust Indenture less unrelated construction and land cost
 at cost plus forty percent (40 ), plus two percent (2 over the adjustment for the increase in inflation regardless of the cost to AMERI
 to perform the required services hereunder. 

13 

In no event
will the profits to AMERI from the projects be less than forty percent (40 ), plus two percent (2 over the adjustment for the increase
in inflation. Construction contract is based upon 97 of the face amount of each Master Trust Indenture over the course of the construction
period. Amounts payable by CARTEL shall be due fifteen (15) days from the date of the submission of invoices from AMERI to CARTEL, time
being of the essence. For any payments received after the fifteenth (15 th day, a late fee of five percent (5 of the unpaid
amount if paid within ten (10) days thereafter; and any amounts paid after said ten-day period shall accrue late fees at the rate of eighteen
percent (18 per annum plus a collection fee of three percent (3 and attorney s fees of five percent (5 of the unpaid balance.
A deposit of Ten Dollars 10.00) shall be paid by CARTEL to AMERI upon the execution of this agreement; with a subsequent payment of
three percent (3 of the face amount of the contract upon the bond funding for the initial phase of the project; and a subsequent payment
of an additional two percent (2 of the face amount of the contract upon mobilization of the project. These percentages shall apply to
the first phase and to all subsequent phases of the project. 

6. 
 The parties agree that this Agreement is not intended to create, nor shall it
 create, a partnership between them or any business relationship other than that specifically created by the terms hereof. Likewise, no
 partnership or other business relationship shall be created between CARTEL, AMERI and any subcontractors or subordinate parties contracted
 to work on the Project. 

7. 
 The business and affairs of the Project shall be controlled by AMERI without
 the requirement that the approval of CARTEL be obtained for any actions taken, subject only to the submission of such reports and accountings
 being furnished by AMERI to CARTEL as the parties may agree from time to time. Detailed and complete records of all aspects of the Project
 shall be kept by CARTEL and AMERI for their use and for inspection by any third parties, agencies, regulators or others authorized by
 law or agreement to access them. 

8. 
 AMERI may conduct the business of the Project from such location or locations
 as it may elect, whether in the State of Delaware, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, or elsewhere. However, as stated below, Pennsylvania
 law shall govern this agreement. 

9. 
 AMERI may act through such subagents and subcontractors, attorneys and representatives
 as it deems necessary in its sole discretion; and to compensate such parties under such terms as it may agree. 

10. 
 The funding for the Project shall be raised through the issuance of bonds through
 a marketing plan determined by AMERI, and all proceeds thereof shall be deposited in custodial accounts administered by fiduciaries and
 according to such terms as CARTEL TRUST shall institute for the safekeeping and distribution according to sound business practices. AMERI
 shall act as Sponsor for the CARTEL Direct Offering and Bond Issuer. 

The Company will provide consulting services
for a fee according to contractual agreements between all four nonprofit entities and affiliate entities listed below. The contractual
agreements and material aspects of the agreements are presented below: 

 The Company is in contractual, Consulting
Agreement , agreements with High Speed Rail Facilities Inc., High Speed Rail Facilities Provider Inc., Global Infrastructure
Finance Development Authority Inc., and Alabama Toll Facilities Inc. All four are nonprofit entities, who have the capability to
fund government, civilian, and commercial end user projects directly or on behalf of the affiliate entities listed below. The material
aspects of the Consulting Agreement are as follows: 

1. 
 HSRF hereby appoints AMERI as its agent and representative to perform all required
 tasks and actions to develop and construct the Project as agent and representative of HSRF without limitation by taking such actions as
 necessary to secure the first and future phases of the financing applicable to the design, planning, engineering and related soft and
 hard costs of the construction of the Project and related activities. 

2. 
 AMERI hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform as agent and representative
 of HSRF as specified. 

3. 
 The term of this Agreement shall continue until the completion of the Project
 and thereafter until terminated by mutual agreement of HSRF and AMERI, and it may continue into if not so terminated. 

4. 
 AMERI shall be compensated for arranging financing and developing the sponsorship
 mechanism for the Project by a specific fee equal to one and one half percent (1.5 of the face amount of the master indenture. Additionally,
 services other than arranging financing that are performed by AMERI for HSRF financing shall be compensated in accordance with separate
 agreements addressing other aspects of the Project. In addition to the payment of fees for its services AMERI shall be entitled to prompt
 reimbursement of all costs and expenses advanced or incurred by it in 

14 

furtherance
of its duties hereunder. All fees are deemed earned upon delivering of a bond indenture document, HSRF is responsible for additional financing
fees to direct or indirect financiers, a mortgage banker, or financing facilitator. 

5. 
 The parties agree that this Agreement is not intended to create, nor shall it
 create, a partnership between them or any business relationship other than that specifically created by the terms hereof. 

6. 
 The business and affairs of the Project shall be controlled by AMERI without
 the requirement that the approval of HSRF be obtained for any actions taken, subject only to the submission of such reports and accountings
 being furnished by AMERI METRO to HSRF as the parties may agree from time to time. 

7. 
 AMERI may conduct the business of the Project from such location or locations
 as it may elect, whether in the UNITED KINGDOM, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, or elsewhere. 

8. 
 AMERI may act through such subagents and subcontractors, attorneys and representatives
 as it deem necessary in its sole discretion; and to compensate such parties under such terms as it may agree. 

9. 
 The funding for the Project shall be raised through the issuance of bonds through
 a marketing plan determined by AMERI, and all proceeds thereof shall be deposited in custodial accounts administered by fiduciaries and
 according to such terms as AMERI METRO shall institute for the safekeeping and distribution according to sound business practices. AMERI
 shall act as Sponsor for the HSRF Direct offering and Bond Issuer, stock offering. 

10. 
 AMERI shall maintain current and complete records of all aspects of its performance
 on behalf of HSRF and in furtherance of the Project, with such records being available to HSRF and to other parties as legally required.
 Such records shall be examined and audited by independent auditors and accountants selected by AMERI, with such statements of account
 being rendered as required by good accounting practices. 

11. 
 AMERI shall comply with all legal requirements of all applicable agencies and
 jurisdictions for the project, including but not limited to labor and hiring practices, compensation of subcontractors and workers, and
 taxes and insurance. In order to assure such compliance, AMERI may employ attorneys and advisors as it may in its sole discretion determine,
 securing such legal advice and opinions as will reasonably protect the Project and the parties thereto. 

12. 
 AMERI shall maintain during and after the completion of the Project all records
 of the Project, and they shall be available for inspection as required by law and the agreement of the parties. 

Additionally, the agreements between the other
related and non-related non-profits are the same. 

 The Company has been in joint meetings with
related entities and private, public municipalities and regional governmental agency end users concerning current potential projects that
have had studies completed in differing stages. The Company and related entities met with and made presentations to these parties. The
scope of work associated with current potential projects consist of development relating to seaports, airports, rail corridors, toll roads,
inland ports, intermodal facilities, sewer, water and power grids, all being anticipated to be revenue producing projects. However for
the Company to proceed on any of these current potential projects, a substantial amount of capital must be raised through officiating
bond funding through one or more of the related and non-related non-profits. The following is a result of meetings and negotiations over
the last 6 years, bringing the Company to the stage of raising capital to operate and fulfill its business objectives. The result of our
activities over the years are the current potential projects listed below. 

 Brief Descriptions of Current Potential
Projects 

 Current
Potential Project (according to priority) 

 Throughout all Current Potential Projects, when
we refer to one or more of the largest construction firms in the United States we are identifying construction management firms such as
one of the largest firms in the country with 47,000 employees, 13.2 billion in generated revenue for 2020 and 35 years of experience
providing all of the services each of our current potential projects would require . For clarity and disclosure the Company has not
engaged any firm at this time , but it is our business model to do so upon completed studies prior to bond offering. The Company s
current executive team along with consulting firms such as TEMS and fee based legal teams we have identified, working together with financial
market underwriters who have the experience to bring the potential project to a point of starting through bond offering, is reason for
the Company to call these Current Potential Projects There are a number of large construction management, engineering, architectural
firms that we will engage to commence project build out. We will rely heavily on firms to perform, while we stay within our Master
Construction and Master Consulting role. The Company is making no guarantee construction firms
or construction management firms will contract with the Company, but it is our business model to utilize the well-established firms
within the country to fulfill our business plan. 

15 

Current
Potential Project 1 

 Port Trajan Is directly affected
by Alabama Toll Facilities, Inc. ATFI , which is responsible for building a new toll road. ATFI is a non-related, non-profit
company with a project supported by the State of Alabama legislation and signed by Governor Bob Riley, according to House Joint Resolutions,
H.J.R 459 and H.J.R. 456. The Company will be responsible for building the 357 mile toll road. Port Trajan is complimented by the ATFI
roadway, and are mutually dependent of one another. The new Alabama Toll Road, when built, will provide a faster way to reach Interstate
81 in Knoxville, Tennessee. It will eventually connect to Port Trajan in Pennsylvania, which travels north to the state of Maine. 

 As cargo ships increase in size and the need
for deeper water at US ports on the east coast increase (substantiated by TEMS studies) the Company s projects, Port De Claudius,
Inc. (PDC) (current potential project #6) and Port Ostia (current potential project #7), support the movement of cargo from the Alabama
coast line by utilizing the ATFI roadway to the north east distribution center of Port Trajan. The Company will build Port Trajan immediately
upon bond financing because the land under agreement is connected to the existing Norfolk and Southern intermodal port, which is presently
receiving cargo containers by rail. Also, the intermodal port is located in south central Pennsylvania, connecting a population of 50
million people. The Company will generate immediate revenue from the Port Trajan build out, and permits are ready to be issued for 4.2
million square feet of warehousing. These are the reasons Port Trajan will be the first project in our current project list. The feasibility
and economic impact studies will be performed by TEMS. The state will sponsor the bonds, GIF DA will officiate the bond offering,
the Company will act as the consultant to bring the entire project to a starting point, and the large construction management firm will
perform all management and construction related steps. 

 On January 9, 2013, the Company signed a letter
of intent with Jewel Real Estate 10-86 Master LLLP, a related party to purchase land to develop for future sale. 

 On January 13, 2013, the Company entered into
a letter of intent with Port De Claudius, Inc., a related party trading as Port Trajan. The Company is contracted to provide services
for the build out of the Port Trajan s five terminals, along with the sale of real property together with development rights for
a fee. 

 The Company was unable to meet the deposit requirements
of the Jewel Real Estate 10-86 Master LLLP related party contract, and so in November 2013 the deposit requirements were amended to require
a cash deposit of 1,000 to hold the purchase option open for the Company until a bond offering is acquired. Future plans are to
issue in excess of 10,000,000 shares of common stock to aid funding the land purchase. As of January 31, 2016, the 1,000 deposit requirement
outlined above, has been deposited on this contract. 

 On August 8, 2016, the Company entered into
a material definitive agreement for construction Construction Agreement with Port De Claudius, Inc. PDC ).
Pursuant to the Construction Agreement, the Company shall engage one or more firm to perform all tasks and actions required to develop
and construct the Port Trajan Pennsylvania commercial properties (the Project ). Furthermore, to secure the first and future
phases of the financing applicable to the design, planning, engineering, and related soft and hard costs of the construction of the Project.
Pursuant to the Construction Agreement, the specifications, designs, construction standards, subcontractor agreements, insurance requirements,
hiring and employment policies and similar items shall be developed by the Company, subject to approval by PDC. The Company shall assure
that the Project is constructed according to specifications and requirements imposed by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation
(PADOT) and the Federal Highway Administration. The Company shall supervise all phases of the construction of the Project, and it shall
be responsible to the PDC for all acts or omissions of its employees, subcontractors, agents, consultants and other parties under its
control. The Company shall be responsible for assuring that the construction of the Project is performed in a good and workmanlike manner,
and in accordance with the highest standards of care for the industry. 

 On September 11, 2016, the Company consolidated
all memorandums of understanding, letters of intent, and agreements into one agreement called the sales agreement . As a
result of the September 11, 2016 consolidation, an agreement for the assignment of assets took place. 

 For Phase One (the Sale Agreement with Jewel's Real Estate 10-86 Master LLLP (the Seller ), Global Infrastructure Finance Development Authority, Inc.,
division of Hi Speed Rail Facilities Inc. (the Financier ), PDC, and HSRF Statutory Trust as Trustee (the Trustee ),
as dictated by the Construction Agreement, the Sale Agreement that was thereafter amended on September 13, 2016, an amendment was signed
for the closing date of the transaction to October 14, 2016. Pursuant to the Sale Agreement , Jewel's Real Estate 10-86 Master
LLLP (the Seller/Assignor to the Company (Assignee) assigned together all rights, title and interest in and to any contractual
agreements to Port De Claudius, Inc. (PDC) on completion of Phase One. 

 The Project consists of two phases, Phase One consists
of land purchase and onsite /offsite improvement. A dry closing with no funds being disbursed was originally scheduled for September 21,
2016. The dry closing was later changed by amendment to October 14, 2016, and the closing took place on that date. Phase Two is to take
place on or before December 1, 2018 and consists of vertical construction of buildings and apparatuses. 

16 

The estimated cost
for both Phases is Two Billion Dollars 2,000,000,000) at cost plus forty percent (40 ), and plus two percent (2 for the increase in
inflation regardless of the cost to the Company to perform the required services. In no event will the profit to the Company from the
amount paid by PDC be less than Eight Hundred Million Dollars 800,000,000). A mobilization fee of 2,729,514 shall be due and payable
by PDC to the Company upon the closing of Bond offering for Phase One. The cost of Phase One is 950,000,000 and the net Phase One revenue
to the Company shall be 66,719,514. We are identifying Port Trajan as the priority project that will provide the capital to begin investment
grade studies for other current potential projects. Economic and environmental studies performed by TEMS will be paid for by profits of
the Company from Port Trajan. These funded studies will then lead to officiating a bond offering through one of the related non-profits
on behalf of one of the related entities in the Company s role as consultant, awarding the work to a one or more of the largest
construction and construction management firms. There are currently no contractual agreements with any of these firms. However, agreements
could be put in depending upon the firm s years of experience, work force, and proven processes and systems. It is our opinion that
large construction and construction management firms will welcome the opportunity to be awarded these projects. 

 The changing character of marine transportation
means that with the opening of the Panama Canal, only three ports on the East Coast will be able to receive Class C, D, and E container
vessels that require 50 feet of water. Baltimore is one of the three East Coast Ports that can accommodate such ships, and therefore has
strong potential for developing a Trade and Transportation corridor that can provide inland distribution of containers(according to TEMS
completed studies). A key part of the development of the Baltimore Trade and Transportation Corridor is the Port Trajan Project, which
will be an important Inland Port for the Port of Baltimore. 

 Port Trajan Project 

 The Port Trajan project is a transportation
project located in the Antrim Township, Greencastle, Pennsylvania on the Interstate 81 corridor and the railroad. The railroad, or Crescent
Corridor , is an existing 2,500 mile network of rail and terminals. An intermodal facility is an existing active rail-truck
facility in this corridor and the State of Pennsylvania that provided forty six million dollars of the one hundred million dollars that
developed this facility. This intermodal facility is an existing facility, and Port Trajan will be enhancing this shipping corridor by
fulfilling its development objective. Port De Claudius, Inc. intends to develop 2,700 acres of land next to this corridor, which has been
designated the Port Trajan Project . Port De Claudius, Inc. an affiliate entity, anticipates that it will construct a distribution
center consisting of 5 terminals, and a rail line between the main rail tracks to the highway for the transition of shipping containers
from the rail line to waiting trucks. The distribution center will provide the facility for repackaging the shipments, to be transported
to the final destination by truck, by constructing over time, up to thirty million square feet of warehouse space on 2,700 acres. The
2,700 acres is part of the January 9, 2013 letter of intent with Jewel Real Estate 10-86 Master LLLP a related party. The permitting for
4.2 million square feet of warehousing to be built on part of the 2,700 acres is ready to be issued. 

 Port De Claudius, Inc. anticipates that such
project will be completed in phases, the first of which is the purchase of an initial 345 acres at 350,000 per acre. The purchase price
will include all on-site horizontal improvements, off-site improvements will be acquired at an additional 20,000,000. The land is currently
owned by a related company and Port De Claudius, Inc. and has entered into a letter of intent for its purchase with the Company. 

 Port De Claudius, Inc. trading as Port Trajan
has engaged with Inchcape Shipping Services (ISS) to manage and act as port agent at Port Trajan. Inchcape Shipping Services (ISS) is
a global operation that directs traffic from sea and air cargo to and from the ports. They have been in business since 1875. 

 As part of the development of the Port of Baltimore
Trade and Transportation Corridor, the development of inland ports such as Port Trajan is critical. However, since the Harrisburg-Hagerstown
corridor is already a major logistics center for the Northeast USA, the development of Port Trajan can begin immediately and even before
the Baltimore Trade and Transport Corridor is developed. 

 A Master Trust Indenture through Global Infrastructure
Finance Development Authority, Inc., with the cooperation of HSRF Statutory Trust, as trustee relating
to Port De Claudius, Inc., trading as Port Trajan of Pa., can offer to raise 8,000,000,000
 billion of revenue bonds . The Company plans to act as Consultant awarding the general contractor scope
of work to an existing, well established firm as the horizontal and vertical site improvements general contractor for Port De Claudius,
Inc. 

The Company intends to assist to begin bond offerings
relating to the project. The Company will also work with its transportation consultant, TEMS, to complete within the ninety day period,
an investment grade study that will make it possible through bond rating agencies, to officiate a bond offering for this project. To date
no money has exchanged hands related to this transaction. The Company s contractual role, after any assignments of any agreements
involving the entity, is still in full force and effect, related to both the Master Agreement For Construction and Consulting
Agreement described above within the Business Plan . To clarify for purposes of this project, Port De Claudius Inc.
and Port of Ostia, Inc. are related entities for this project. 

17 

The
Company will engage contractors by paying the mobilization fees to declare the contractors in the bond offering, pay for feasibility studies
and investment grade studies, bond rating agency fees and also pay for the performance bond to insure the completion of the construction
to protect the bond holders. 

 The Company will receive compensation from the
bond proceeds at bond closing to reimburse the Company for its initial capital investment into the project. The Company will than realize
revenue to sustain its continued growth and ability to get other projects started by using its revenue as initial capital investment while
always being reimbursed from the bond proceeds that follow other projects. As discussed earlier the sources of realized revenue for the
Company are as follows: Construction Management fees, Consulting Fees, and twenty five percent profit sharing from each of the related
entities who are responsible for contracting by agreement. The Company will oversee the well-established firm awarded the contract while
they perform all scopes of work on the related entity(s) behalf for each project they secure. 

 The Company is not in the real estate development
business, it is a Super General Contractor and consultant to related and non-related parties for a fee, and partner with each related
entity receiving twenty five percent profit sharing per project. In this project the Company will work for Port De Claudius, Inc., an
affiliate entity, and engage some or all of the other affiliate entities to act as project overseers /managers for the project, putting
out for bids and awarding local, well-established national and international firms to perform each specific scope of work on the project,
ensuring it is completed on time and within budget. This also includes all of the following current potential projects. 

 The
Company s (current) Six Stage Process: 

1. 
 Managements Final Investment Decision to take on a project 

2. 
 Enter into Letter of Intents, Agreements, Construction Contracts 

3. 
 To have the State(s) sponsor the project by legislative actions (where applicable) 

4. 
 Engineer and design studies, Architectural Design, Feasibility Studies 

5. 
 Raising Capital through Bond Financing or Company stock offerings 

6. 
 Management of the physical construction as a general contractor 

Footnotes: 

 1) 
 There are 4.2 million sq. ft. of warehouse space approved to date with permits available today. 

 Current Potential
Project 2 

 Alabama Toll Road-Mobile Trade and Transportation Corridor (ATFI
Alabama Toll Road Facility Inc.) 

 The Company s current project Port
Trajan is directly connected to our current Alabama port project Port De Claudius, Inc. through the Alabama Toll
Road Inc. (ATFI) project, connecting to Interstate 81 in Knoxville Tennessee Interstate 81is a major shipping corridor from Tennessee
to Maine, and South Central Pennsylvania (location of Port Trajan) is now operating as one of the distribution locations for the northeast.
The port of Mobile and Baltimore with 50 foot water depths stand to be the ports used in making cargo movement to the northeast corridor
more efficient as the size of cargo ships continue to increase. These ports have the ability to be deepened and the cost to do so will
be offset by the economic impact they create, according to studies performed by TEMS. 

 As its first step, Alabama Toll Facilities,
Inc. (ATFI) was created and obtained status as a nonprofit corporation pursuant to Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. As
a nonprofit corporation, ATFI is allowed to officiate bond offerings in order to finance the cost of acquisition and construction and
equipping of the toll road project, Alabama Toll Road. 

 In 2007, the toll road project was presented
to the Alabama legislature which on June 7, 2007, adopted Act no. 2007-506 entitled Expressing Support for the Alabama Toll Road
Project . This Act stated that it recognized the need to utilize other financial resources to meet the needs of that highway
and other infrastructure items such as that offered by ATFI. The Act urged approval of the bonds offered by ATFI as special revenue bonds
with the project eventually vesting to the state upon retirement of the bonds. The Act further supports designating ATFI as the
exclusive entity for creation and development of the toll road project. ATFI has full approval by the state of Alabama to officiate the
bond offering . 

 As
a second step, on September 23, 2009, Penndel Land Company Penndel ),
a company wholly owned by Mr. Shah Mathias, entered into an agreement with ATFI by which Penndel was appointed as the agent and representative
of ATFI to perform all required tasks and actions to develop and construct the toll road. This agreement was established prior to the
formation of the Company. 

18 

Thirdly, on December 1, 2010, the Company formed
a wholly-owned subsidiary, Global Transportation Infrastructure, Inc. GTI in the state of Delaware to provide development
and construction services for the Alabama highway project and to include securing financing for the design, planning, engineering and
related costs of construction. 

 In December 2010,
Penndel assigned its agreements with ATFI to GTI. As such the Company, through its subsidiary, GTI, has the development rights for such
toll road. Under the terms of the agreement, GTI will provide development and construction services. GTI will also act as an agent and
representative of ATFI who is sponsored by the state of Alabama according to House Joint Resolutions, H.J.R 459 and H.J.R. 456, to take
actions necessary to secure the first and future phases of the financing applicable to the design, planning, engineering and related soft
and hard costs of the construction of a toll road in the state of Alabama and related activities. 

 In 2010, the Company was developing this project
at the time of the merger with Yellowwood. The planned toll road is designated as a 357 mile 4-lane road designed to be built from Orange
Beach, Alabama to the Tennessee state line with the intent of connecting various rural sections of Alabama to Tennessee and more urban
areas. 

 Alabama Indenture Agreement- On December 1,
2010, ATFI nonprofit entered into a Master Trust Indenture agreement with as HSRF Statutory trust as a Trustee, which has agreed to serve
as the trustee for the bond offering of up to 7,000,000,000 of ATFI Revenue Bonds once it determines to effect such an offering. The
Alabama Indenture indicates that the developer for the project will be GTI. In April 2012 the Alabama Indenture was amended to reflect
a Master Indenture of 20,000,000,000. The Master Agreement provides the basic terms and conditions of any bond issuance such as
use of an escrow agent, rights of bond holders, sale of bonds, etc. 

 The Company acquired from Penndel Land Company
(majority owned by Mr. Mathias) the contract rights to a construction agreement with ATFI, a non-profit company supported by the State
of Alabama to act as the exclusive entity as set forth in H.J.R 459 and H.J.R. 456, as project developer for such a toll road and on which
Mr. Mathias served as one of its four directors. Mr. Shah Mathias (the Founder, Head of Mergers and Acquisitions and Business Development,
and non-board member of the Company) was one of the directors of ATFI and has subsequently resigned from his position. 

 When the Company secures financing, ATFI will
effect a bond offering to purchase the land on which the toll road is to be located. The Company has envisioned long-range ideas and plans
to develop currently undeveloped areas through which the planned Alabama Toll Road will traverse. These plans through its affiliates,
include the development of an airport called Sarah Jewel Mathias International Airport (KSJM), sea shipping port called Port De Claudius,
Inc., air cargo port called Port of Ostia and a high-speed rail line. 

 The Company will build seventeen hundred miles
of railroad tracks in parallel with ATFI. The Company has plans, through its affiliates, to build four tracks north and south bound, two
tracks for passenger services and two tracks for freight. Volkmann Railroad Builders has been engaged by the Company to construct and
built the railroad. Volkmann is a thirty five year old company that has built railroads for NASA, the mining industry, oil and gas exploration
and freight carriers. 

 In support of H.J.R. 459 and H.J.R.456 the following
ancillary projects are being planned by the Company. 

1. 
 Design built inland port called Port De Claudius, Inc.; 

2. 
 Design built airport called Sarah Jewel Mathias International Airport (KSJM); 

3. 
 Design built air cargo port called Port of Ostia; 

4. 
 Design built railroad and train stations; 

5. 
 Design built Fiber Optic Lines; 

6. 
 Design built All Utilities underground or overhead; 

7. 
 Design built Power Grids; 

8. 
 Design built Cell Phone Towers; 

9. 
 Design built Motels, Travel Plazas, Fast Food Establishments; 

10. 
 Design built Outdoor Advertisements, Signage; 

11. 
 Design built Natural Gas Pipelines Distillate Pipelines; 

A recent preliminary analysis by TEMS suggested that
the toll road would become part of a Mobile Trade and Transportation Corridor because of the opening of the Panama Canal, and because
Mobile is one of the only two Gulf Ports that can facilitate the large container vessels that need 50 feet of water. As a result, an evaluation
should be made of extending the corridor north along the west side of the Appalachian Mountains, (potential project-Appalachian Regional
Commission) a region that is today served by West Coast Ports. To assist the Company in completing an investment grade study for the corridor,
the following research/review team has been assembled to assess the analysis by Transportation Economics Management Systems, Inc.
(TEMS). 

19 

Mobile Intermodal
Corridor, Research Review Team 

Team
 Member 
 
 Affiliation 

Dr. Mark Burton, PhD 
 
 University of Tennessee 

Dr. David Clarke, PhD 
 
 University of Tennessee 

Mr. Rick Tucker 
 
 Port of Huntsville, AL 

Mr. Jimmy Lyons 
 
 Port of Mobile, AL 
 
 Dr. Craig Phillip, PhD 
 
 Vanderbilt University 

Dr. Ted Grossardt, PhD 
 
 University of Kentucky 

Mr. Kent Sowards 
 
 Marshall University 

Dr. Mike Hicks, PhD 
 
 Ball State University 

Mr. Scott Hercik 
 
 Appalachian Regional Commission 

The purpose of this investment
grade study by TEMS is to evaluate the potential for developing the Mobile Trade and Transport Corridor, as an adjunct to Port Mobile
to serve as a major container port for a hinterland corridor between the Appalachians in the east, and the Mississippi in the west, and
stretching as far north as the markets of mid-America including Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. The area is largely served today by West
Coast Ports that rely on relatively expensive rail and truck shipments to these inland markets, but are low cost due to the large ships
that can access West Coast Ports. With the opening of the Panama Canal, and the access of large ships to the Gulf of Mexico, the Mobile
corridor has the potential to provide a less expensive and more effective way of serving these markets. 

 The reason for this is that the
Port of Mobile is one of the very few ports on the gulf and the east coast of the US that can serve the very large ships (50 foot depth)
that will be able to access the gulf and east coasts with the opening of the Panama Canal. Once the Port is dredged, this will reduce
the Maritime costs to the Port of Mobile significantly (i.e., 50 percent) and shift the competitive balance from West Coast Ports to the
Port of Mobile. 

20 

Potential
Port of Mobile Hinterland with Post-Panamax Max Ships 

21 

Mobile Trade
 Transport Corridor: Population and Required Linkage 

22 

In carrying out
its initial review, TEMS has already shown there is a prima facia case for the investment. However, the review was based on an analysis
using existing data and models including the Panama Canal Route Choice model and the National Ports model. Both models need updating to
2015 to reflect the post 2008 recession economy and the latest changes in the development of the Panama Canal, US Ports, and marine economics. 

 In addition, the preliminary study made a number
of assumptions about the institutional structures that would be adopted by the Port and Railroads. In the Business Plan phase these assumptions
need to be evaluated and as appropriate adjustments made to accommodate the findings of direct discussions with the key stakeholders. 

 Finally, the upgraded market analysis and institutional
assumptions will be used to develop a more detailed implementation plan, financial and funding plan, and economic cost benefit and impact
plan. The financial and funding plan will develop the cash flows for the project, and the timing and sources of funds needed to complete
the project. The economic analysis will show the benefits to the communities in the Trade and Transport Corridor. The analysis will produce
both the Cost Benefit Analysis required by USDOT, as well as the economic impact for the region associated with job creation, increased
income, property development, and tax base enhancement. This can be used to develop community outreach in communities along the Alabama
Toll Road corridor and at local and state level, to explain the costs and benefits of developing the corridor. 

 For this Feasibility Study, TEMS will refine
the more aggregate level of analysis that was used for the preliminary study. This will include updating the trade and traffic data that
derives the forecasts, working to resolve institutional issues and ensuring the practicality of the proposed implementation process. 

 The Company will introduce the bond offerings
relating to the project. The Company will also work with its transportation consultant, TEMS, to complete, within the ninety-day period,
an investment grade study that will make it possible, through bond rating agencies, to officiate a bond offering for this project. To
date no money has exchanged hands related to this transaction. The Company s contractual role, after any assignments of any agreements
involving any related entity, is still in full force and effect, related to both the Master Agreement For Construction and
 Consulting Agreement described above within the Business Plan . To clarify ATFI is a nonprofit non-related
party to the Company and Global Transportation Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

 The Company will engage a large construction
firm as identified earlier. The Company through use of proceeds identified in Operating Capital Reserves will pay the mobilization fees
to declare the contractors in the bond offering, pay for feasibility studies and investment grade studies, bond rating agency fees and
also pay for the performance bond to insure the completion of the construction to protect the bond holders. 

 The Company will receive compensation from the
bond proceeds at bond closing to reimburse the Company for its initial capital investment into the project. The Company will than realize
revenue, to sustain its continued growth and ability to get other projects such as ATFI started, by using its revenue as initial capital
investment into projects, while always being reimbursed from the bond proceeds that follow other projects. As discussed earlier the sources
of realized revenue for the Company are as follows, Construction Management fees, Consulting fees and twenty five percent profit sharing
from each of the related entities who are responsible for contracting by agreement with the Company to do the work on the related entity(s)
behalf per projects they secure. 

 The
Company s (current) Six Stage Process: 

 1. 
 Managements Final Investment Decision to take on a project 

 2. 
 Enter into Letter of Intents, Agreements, Construction Contracts 

 3. 
 To have the State(s) sponsor the project by legislative actions (where applicable) 

 4. 
 Engineer and design studies, Architectural Design, Feasibility Studies 

 5. 
 Raising Capital through Bond Financing or Company stock offerings 

 6. 
 Management of the physical construction as a general contractor 

23 

Current Potential Project 3 

 Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) 
- The Company along with TEMS acting as consultant for the Company have had discussions with ARC to help them over the next five years,
advance current and emerging opportunities and to continue to close the gap between Appalachian communities and the nation on key socioeconomic
indicators. ARC's mission is to innovate, partner, and invest to build community capacity and strengthen economic growth in Appalachia . 

 The Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) is
a regional economic development agency that represents a partnership of federal, state, and local government. Established by an act of
Congress in 1965, ARC is composed of the governors of the thirteen Appalachian states and a federal co-chair, who is appointed by the
President of the United States of America. Local participation is provided through multi-county local development districts. ARC invests
in activities that address the five goals identified in the Commission's strategic plan: 

 Goal 1: Economic Opportunities 

 Invest in entrepreneurial
and business development strategies that strengthen Appalachia's economy. 

 Goal 2: Ready Workforce 

 Increase the education,
knowledge, skills, and health of residents to work and succeed in Appalachia. 

 Goal 3: Critical Infrastructure 

 Invest in critical infrastructure especially
broadband; transportation, including the Appalachian Development Highway System; and water/wastewater systems. 

 Goal 4: Natural and Cultural
Assets 

 Strengthen Appalachia's community and
economic development potential by leveraging the Region's natural and cultural heritage assets. 

 Goal 5: Leadership and Community
Capacity 

 Build the capacity and skills of current
and next-generation leaders and organizations to innovate, collaborate, and advance community and economic development. 

 Each year ARC provides funding for several hundred
investments in the Appalachian Region, in areas such as business development, education and job training, telecommunications, infrastructure,
community development, housing, and transportation. The Company has engaged in discussion with ARC to provide 34,000,000,000 in funding
through Master Bond Indentures to fund these projects that create thousands of new jobs; improve local water and sewer systems; increase
school readiness; expand access to health care; assist local communities with strategic planning; and provide technical and managerial
assistance to emerging businesses. 

 ARC investments in infrastructure have helped
reduce the Region s isolation, spur economic activity, and improve public health and safety. In order to compete in the global economy,
Appalachia must continue to develop and improve the infrastructure necessary for economic development, including broadband and telecommunications;
basic infrastructure, such as water and wastewater systems; diversified energy; housing; and transportation, including the Appalachian
Development Highway System (ADHS). ARC will also support investments in multi-modal transportation systems that strengthen connections
to regional, national, and global markets. 

 ARC infrastructure investments will address
local community needs as well as strategic, innovative approaches to economic development. ARC will provide leadership in helping communities
develop long-term plans for effective development and deployment of the infrastructure needed to support economic competitiveness and
quality of life. To create the greatest impact, ARC will leverage resources and bring together government agencies and the private
sector to build the critical infrastructure needed to strengthen the Region s economy, complete the Appalachian Development
Highway System and construct local access roads to strengthen links between transportation networks and economic development. 

 Most recently a preliminary analysis by TEMS, of the
Appalachian Development Highway System corridor suggested that because of the opening of the Panama Canal and because Mobile is one of
the only two Gulf Ports that can facilitate the large container vessels that need 50 feet of water, the ATFI toll road would become part
of a Mobile Trade and Transportation Corridor (Port Trajan) connecting to 

24 

the Appalachian Development
Highway System corridor. As a result, an evaluation should be made of extending the corridor north along the west side of the Appalachian
Mountains, a region that is today served by West Coast Ports. 

Investment in the Appalachian Development Highway
System has significantly reduced the Region s isolation and opened up opportunities for economic growth. ARC will complete the remaining
portions and constructing local access roads will further connect the region to strategic regional, national, and global economic opportunities.
ARC will invest in intermodal transportation planning and infrastructure that builds on the ADHS and maximizes the region s
access to domestic and international markets. In order to compete in a global economy, Appalachia must have reliable access to domestic
and international markets. Connecting the ADHS to rail, waterway, and aviation routes can help link Appalachian businesses to regional,
national, and international markets. 

 The Company in meeting with the ARC board has
made available to them through Global Infrastructure Finance Development Authority, Inc., 34,000,000,000 in funding to assist in
meeting ARC strategic planning goals above. 

 A Master Trust Indenture through Global Infrastructure
Finance Development Authority, Inc. with cooperation of High Speed Rail Facility Inc. (HSRF) statutory trust, as trustee relating
to any project forth coming out of the thirteen state region, through revenue bonds can offer to raise 34,000,000,000 to ARC and the
related states, through HSR Freight Line Inc. and HSR Passenger Services Inc., related entities, for the Appalachian Regional Commission
corridor projects. 

 The Company will introduce the bond offerings
relating to the project. The Company will also work with its transportation consultant, TEMS, to complete, within the ninety-day period,
an investment grade study that will make it possible, through bond rating agencies, to officiate a bond offering for any project ARC would
like to undertake. To date no money has exchanged hands related to this transaction. The Company s contractual role, after any assignments
of any agreements involving the entities, is still in full force and effect, related to both the Master Agreement For Construction 
and Master Consulting Agreement described above within the Business Plan . To clarify for purposes of this
project, HSR Freight Line Inc. and HSR Passenger Services Inc. are the related entities Global Infrastructure Finance Development
Authority, Inc. a non-profit related to the Company. 

 The Company will engage a large construction
firm as identified earlier. The Company through use of proceeds identified in Operating Capital Reserves will pay the mobilization fees
to declare the contractors in the bond offering, pay for feasibility studies and investment grade studies, bond rating agency fees and
also pay for the performance bond to insure the completion of the construction to protect the bond holders. 

 The Company will receive compensation from the
bond proceeds at bond closing to reimburse the Company for its initial capital investment into the project. The Company will than realize
revenue, to sustain its continued growth and ability to get other potential projects started, by using its revenue as initial capital
investment into projects, while always being reimbursed from the bond proceeds that follow other projects. As discussed earlier the sources
of realized revenue for the Company are as follows: Master Construction Management fees, Master Consulting fees and twenty five percent
profit sharing from each of the related entities. 

 The Company s (current)
Six Stage Process: 

1. 
 Managements Final Investment Decision to take on a project 

2. 
 Enter into Letter of Intents, Agreements, Construction Contracts 

3. 
 To have the State(s) sponsor the project by legislative actions (where applicable)

4. 
 Engineer and design studies, Architectural Design, Feasibility Studies 

5. 
 Raising Capital through Bond Financing or Company stock offerings 

6. 
 Management of the physical construction as a general contractor 

25 

Current Potential Project 4 

 Atlanta-Louisville-Birmingham-Jacksonville
 The Company has received support for expansion of high speed rail, through House Resolution 948 of the Georgia House of Representatives,
stating that nineteen members of this body express their support of high speed trains and encourage the creation of a high speed rail
transit authority for Fulton, Carroll, and Douglas counties. The resolution specifically names the related party High Speed Rail Facilities,
Inc. as the developer of high speed rail. 

 House Resolution 948 By: Representatives
Waites of the 60th, Roberts of the 155th, Alexander of the 66th, Bruce of the 61st, and Yates of the 73rd 

 A RESOLUTION 

 Encouraging the creation of a high speed
rail transit authority to operate in Fulton, Carroll, and Douglas counties; and for other purposes. WHEREAS, high speed trains are more
energy efficient than cars and planes, decrease our dependence on foreign oil, and reduce air pollution that causes global warming and
harms public health; and WHEREAS, at distances of less than 400 miles, high speed trains can deliver passengers downtown-to-downtown almost
as fast as airplanes at a fraction of the cost, and can do so in virtually all weather; and WHEREAS, with wide seats, fax machines, places
to plug in a laptop computer, and food service, high speed trains provide a convenient, productive alternative to cars and airplanes;
and WHEREAS, a high speed rail network would pull together regional economies and promote intraregional business growth; and WHEREAS,
 Hi Speed Rail Facilities, Inc ., is looking to expand the use of high speed trains
to Fulton, Carroll, and Douglas counties with the intention of expanding service throughout Georgia and into Alabama; and WHEREAS, the
creation of a high speed rail transit authority is necessary for the success of a high speed rail system in Georgia. NOW, THEREFORE, BE
IT RESOLVED BY THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES that the members of this body express their support of high speed trains and encourage the
creation of a high speed rail transit authority for Fulton, Carroll, and Douglas counties. 15 LC 39 1039 H. R. 948 - 2 

 BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Clerk of
the House of Representatives is authorized and directed to make appropriate copies of this resolution available for distribution to members
of the public and the press. 

 The travel time is estimated at four to five
hours between Atlanta and Dallas, which would have the train average at least 163 miles per hour. It would travel between Atlanta and
Birmingham in about 90 minutes. That type of connectivity between Atlanta and Birmingham could have game-changing effects on several industries.
It would be possible to live in Alabama and enjoy its lower property values and cost of living while working in Atlanta with its higher
salaries. 

 The Company through its consultant TEMS has
estimated the cost of the project at 3,000,000,000 on behalf of Hi Speed Rail Facilities, Inc. a non-profit entity related to the Company.
Hi Speed Rail Facilities, Inc. has the legal right to develop this corridor as a high speed rail connection between the cities. The aim
would be to provide high speed frequent rail service that would provide improved mobility for people and cargo and at the same time provide
an operating profit. The project would be developed as either a freestanding enterprise or a public-private partnership (PPP) with an
array of public and private support for the project. 

 Feasibility studies completed by TEMS for
the corridor are noted below: 

 Georgia Department of Transportation: High-Speed Rail Planning
Services: Atlanta-Louisville-Birmingham-Jacksonville 

 TEMS provided the Operating Plans and Costs
along with the financial and economic analysis for three Georgia corridors, Atlanta-Birmingham, Atlanta-Louisville, and Atlanta-Jacksonville.
TEMS supported HNTB Corporation (HNTB) and Parsons Brinckerhoff, a global engineering and professional services organization PB with the
development of new alignments for both 110-mph and 220-mph steel wheel technology along with a Maglev corridor for the Birmingham-Louisville
corridor. TEMS estimated operating costs considering cost drivers such as train miles, passenger miles, and fixed costs. 

 Once the ridership,
revenue and capital costs were calculated, TEMS provided both the financial and economic analysis for each corridor and technology. TEMS
completed a sensitivity analysis using high and low estimates of ridership and capital costs. 

Services
Provided: Operating Plans, Operating Costs, Financial and Economic Analysis 

 The purpose of this financial and economic analysis
by TEMS is to evaluate the potential for developing the Atlanta-Birmingham, Atlanta-Louisville, and Atlanta-Jacksonville as an adjunct
to Port Mobile to serve as a major container port for a hinterland corridor 

26 

between Atlanta and the south eastern sea board
markets. The area is largely served today by West Coast Ports that rely on relatively expensive rail and truck shipments to these inland
markets, but are low cost due to the large ships that can access West Coast Ports. With the opening of the Panama Canal, and the access
of large ships to the Gulf of Mexico, the Mobile corridor has the potential to provide a less expensive and more effective way of serving
these markets. 

 The reason for this is that the Port of Mobile
is one of the very few ports on the gulf and the east coast of the US that can serve the very large ships (50 foot depth) that will be
able to access the gulf and east coast with the opening of the Panama Canal. Once the Port is dredged, this will reduce the Maritime costs
to the Port of Mobile significantly (i.e., 50 percent) and shift the competitive balance from West Coast Ports to the Port of Mobile.
This potential project is supported by other potential projects the Company is currently working on, specifically project no. 5 - Florida-Alabama
TPO and project no. 6 - Port De Claudius, Inc. DBA Port Trajan, Atlanta Metro Area and the south east it will also be connected to intermodal
ports located outside of Atlanta Georgia serviced by Port De Claudius, Inc. The Company continues to meet with economic development offices
in both Morgan and Newton counties of Georgia, being well received, supporting the Company s business model of consulting the related
entities and related non-profit entities to pursue additional intermodal port projects similar to Port Trajan in their counties, respectfully. 

 A Master Trust Indenture through Hi Speed Rail
Facilities, Inc. a nonprofit related party with cooperation of HSRF Statutory Trust, as trustee, relating to, High Speed Rail and Ancillary
Projects Revenue Bond through revenue bonds can offer to raise 20,000,000,000 through Hi Speed Rail Facilities, Inc. direct issuer of
revenue bonds. The Company, as horizontal and vertical site improvement developer for High Speed Rail and Ancillary Projects. 

 The Company will introduce the bond offerings
relating to the project. The Company will also work with its transportation consultant, TEMS, to complete, within the ninety-day period,
an investment grade study that will make it possible, through bond rating agencies, to officiate a bond offering for this project. To
date no money has exchanged hands related to this transaction. The Company s contractual role, after any assignments of any agreements
involving any affiliate entities, is still in full force and effect, related to both the Master Agreement For Construction 
and Consulting Agreement described above within the Business Plan . To clarify for purposes of this project,
Hi Speed Rail Facilities, Inc. a nonprofit entity related to the Company will work with the state of Georgia on this project. 

 The Company will engage a large construction
firm as mentioned earlier. The Company through use of proceeds identified in Operating Capital Reserves will pay the mobilization fees
to declare the contractors in the bond offering, pay for feasibility studies and investment grade studies, bond rating agency fees, and
also pay for the performance bond to ensure the completion of the construction to protect the bond holders. 

 The Company will receive compensation from the
bond proceeds at bond closing to reimburse the Company for its initial capital investment into the project. The Company will then realize
revenue, to sustain its continued growth and ability to get other potential projects started, by using its revenue as initial capital
investment into projects, while always being reimbursed from the bond proceeds that follow other projects. As discussed earlier, the sources
of realized revenue for the Company are as follows: Master Construction Management fees, Master Consulting fees and twenty five percent
profit sharing from each of the related entities. 

 The Company s (current)
Six Stage Process 

1. 
 Managements Final Investment Decision to take on a project 

2. 
 Enter into Letter of Intents, Agreements, Construction Contracts 

3. 
 To have the State(s) sponsor the project by legislative actions (where applicable)

4. 
 Engineer and design studies, Architectural Design, Feasibility Studies 

5. 
 Raising Capital through Bond Financing or Company stock offerings 

6. 
 Management of the physical construction as a general contractor 

Current
Potential Project 5 

 Florida-Alabama TPO Florida
Department of Transportation: Florida High-Speed Rail Authority 2002 Report to the Legislature, TEMS evaluated the potential
for implementing a high-speed rail service to connect St. Petersburg with Orlando. The future extension of the service to Miami (Phase
II) was examined at a lesser level of detail. TEMS provided ridership and revenue projections, as well as operating and maintenance estimates
for four different technologies and nine route alternatives. TEMS also completed the financial and economic analyses and assessment of
the feasibility of the system. TEMS analysis served as the basis for the evaluation of high-speed rail in Florida by the state
legislature and the governor. 

 Services
Provided: Ridership and revenue forecasts, operations planning, financial and economic analysis. 

 The purpose of financial and economic analyses
and assessment of the feasibility of the system by TEMS was also to evaluate the potential for developing distribution delivery systems
as an adjunct to Port Mobile to serve as a major container port for a hinterland 

27 

corridor between
Mobile and the Florida market markets. With the opening of the Panama Canal, and the access of large ships to the Gulf of Mexico, the
Mobile corridor has the potential to provide a less expensive and more effective way of serving the Florida markets. 

 The reason for this is that the Port of Mobile
is one of the very few ports on the gulf and the east coast of the US that can serve the very large ships (50 foot depth) that will be
able to access the gulf and east coasts with the opening of the Panama Canal. Once the Port is dredged, this will reduce the Maritime
costs to the Port of Mobile significantly (i.e., 50 percent) and shift the competitive balance from West Coast Ports to the Port of Mobile.
This project is supported by other potential projects the Company is currently working on, specifically project no. 6 - Port De Claudius,
Inc. DBA Port Trajan, the Florida Market place will also be connected to and serviced by Port De Claudius, Inc. The Company continues
to meet with economic development offices in both Morgan and Newton counties of Georgia, being well received, supporting the Company s
business model as the Company is consulting the related entities and related non-profit entities to pursue additional intermodal port
projects similar to Port Trajan in their counties respectfully. 

 The Master Trust
Indenture through Global Infrastructure Finance Development Authority, Inc. a nonprofit related to the Company, with cooperation
of HSRF Statutory Trust, as trustee relating to, HSR Passenger Services Inc. an affiliate entity of the Company, relating to projects
for Florida-Alabama TPO, through revenue bonds can offer to raise 1,500,000,000 through Global Infrastructure
Finance Development Authority, Inc. direct issuer of revenue bonds. The Company s
wholly owned subsidiary, Global Transportation Infrastructure Inc. will act as Master General Contractor as horizontal and vertical site
improvements developer for HSR Passenger Services Inc. for Florida-Alabama TPO projects. 

 The Company will introduce the bond offerings
relating to the project. The Company will also work with its transportation consultant, TEMS, to complete, within the ninety-day period,
an investment grade study that will make it possible, through bond rating agencies, to officiate a bond offering for this project. To
date no money has exchanged hands related to this transaction. The Company s contractual role, after any assignments of any agreements
involving any affiliate entities, is still in full force and effect, related to both the Master Agreement For Construction 
and Master Consulting Agreement described above within the Business Plan . To clarify for purposes of this
project, HSR Passenger Services Inc. a related entity of the Company while Global Infrastructure Finance
 Development Authority, Inc. a non-profit entity related to the Company will work with Florida-Alabama TPO on this project. 

 The Company will engage a large construction
firm as identified earlier. The Company through use of proceeds identified in Operating Capital Reserves will pay the mobilization fees
to declare the contractors in the bond offering, pay for feasibility studies and investment grade studies, bond rating agency fees and
also pay for the performance bond to insure the completion of the construction to protect the bond holders. 

 The Company will receive compensation from the
bond proceeds at bond closing to reimburse the Company for its initial capital investment into the project. The Company will then realize
revenue to sustain its continued growth and ability to get other potential projects started while always being reimbursed from the bond
proceeds that follow. As discussed earlier the sources of realized revenue for the Company are as follows, Master Construction Management
fees, Master Consulting fees and twenty five percent profit sharing from each of the related entities. 

 The
Company s (current) Six Stage Process 

 1. 
 Managements Final Investment Decision to take on a project 

 2. 
 Enter into Letter of Intents, Agreements, Construction Contracts 

 3. 
 To have the State(s) sponsor the project by legislative actions (where applicable) 

 4. 
 Engineer and design studies, Architectural Design, Feasibility Studies 

 5. 
 Raising Capital through Bond Financing or Company stock offerings 

6. 
 Management of the physical construction as a general contractor 

Current
Potential Project 6 

 Port
De Claudius, Inc. (Greater Yuma Port) Authority and Trade Corridor has the developmental rights for a new
port (Claudius) in Yuma County Arizona to establish a foreign trade zone within Yuma County Arizona, and developing business zones and
the trade corridor through the Mexico-Arizona border in coordination with the Federal Authorities and agencies. 

 The Portus De-Jewel Mexico (current potential
project no. 8), will be a new premier gateway for international commerce. It is located approximately 600 miles south of Yuma Arizona
Intermodal Port (current project no. 6), along the Mexican coast line. The Portus De- Jewel Mexico port encompasses 176,000 acres of land
and water along 26 miles of waterfront. It will feature 40 passenger and 384 cargo terminals, including automobile, breakbulk, container,
dry and liquid bulk, multi-use, and warehouse facilities that handle billions of dollars worth of cargo each year. 

28 

The west coast
ports today are becoming obsolete as the cargo ships continue to increase in size and hauling capacities. Also the movement of cargo out
of the ports have become congested with population growth over the last 100 years. The Company has secured the rights to build through
the Mexico-Arizona border, in coordination with Federal Authorities, a rail system to move cargo from Portus De Jewel to Yuma Arizona
Intermodal Port project. 

 Global Infrastructure Finance Development
Authority, Inc. GIF DA ), a nonprofit entity related to the Company, with the cooperation of HSRF Statutory Trust, the
trustee to Port De Claudius, Inc., a related entity of the Company, can raise 8,000,000,000 through the issuance of revenue bonds. The
Company will act as Master General Contractor as horizontal and vertical site improvements developer for the project. 

 The Company will introduce bond offerings relating
to the project. The Company will also work with its transportation consultant, TEMS, to complete an investment grade study that for officiating
a bond offering for this project. To date, no money has exchanged hands related to this transaction. The Company s contractual role
related to both the Master Agreement For Construction and Master Consulting Agreement as described in the
 Business Plan section is still in full force and effect after assignments of agreements involving related entities, if any. 

 The capital raised from the offering will be
used as the initial capital investment in the Yuma Arizona Intermodal Port project to engage a large construction firm as mentioned earlier,
pay the mobilization fees to declare the contractors in the bond offering, pay for feasibility studies and investment grade studies, bond
rating agency fees and also pay for the performance bond to ensure the completion of the construction to protect the bond holders. 

 Pursuant to the Master Consulting Agreement,
the Company will receive compensation from the bond proceeds at bond closing to reimburse the Company for its initial capital investment
into the project. Other sources of revenue include management fees from the Master Agreement for Construction and twenty-five percent
profit sharing from each of the related entities. With the revenue recognized by the Company, the Company will then be able to sustain
its continued growth and to commence other potential projects. 

 The
Company s (current) Six Stage Process 

1. 
 Managements Final Investment Decision to take on a project 

2. 
 Enter into Letter of Intents, Agreements, Construction Contracts 

3. 
 To have the State(s) sponsor the project by legislative actions (where applicable)

4. 
 Engineer and design studies, Architectural Design, Feasibility Studies 

5. 
 Raising Capital through Bond Financing or Company stock offerings 

6. 
 Management of the physical construction as a general contractor 

Current
Potential Project 7 

 Sarah
Jewel Mathias International Airport (KSJM) Port of Ostia - Pursuant to the Master Constructing Agreement with KSJM
International Airport, Inc., the Company will build a major new air cargo airport as part of the Mobile Trade and Transportation Corridor
thereby increasing the capacity for the Southeast USA. This project will be developed with a major e-trade company like FedEx, Amazon
or UPS. The e-trade market is expanding by 12-16 percent per year. It will follow the Alliance freight cargo airport development in Fort
Worth, Texas. 

 The Sarah Jewel Mathias International Airport
(KSJM) and Port of Ostia commercial airport will revolutionize logistics in the United States. The existing transportation and distribution
infrastructure in the south has been identified as insufficient to meet the anticipated demand over the next several decades according
to studies by TEMS. The Company, as consultant to Port De Claudius, Inc., Port Ostia , Inc. and KSJM International Airport, Inc., , has
developed a plan to meet the demands of the future and to combat the existing distribution shortfalls by creating the most efficient multi-modal
distribution system the world has ever seen. 

 The commercial airport will be located in west-central
Alabama approximately half way between the Gulf of Mexico and the Tennessee border. High speed rail, freight rail and the Alabama Toll
Road ATFI (current potential project no. 2) of the Company, will connect the commercial airport with the port in the south and connect
to high density population centers in the north, specifically Port Trajan. 

 The Company has engaged Armstrong Consulting
Inc. for the airport engineering and planning. Armstrong Consulting Inc. is an experienced airport planning and engineer design company.
It will engineer and design according to standards from FAA AC150/5300-13 airport design and FAR PART 77. 

 The Company has engaged Inchcape Shipping Services
(ISS) to manage and act as port agent at Port Claudius and Port Of Ostia. Inchscape Shipping Services Inc. has a world of expertise and
provides global strategic maritime, cargo and supply chain solutions to 

29 

ship owners and
operators who span all geographies, market segments, vessels and asset types. They perform 65,885 local port calls across 1,533 ports
in 112 countries. 

 The Company has approached a major aircraft
manufacturer to help launch air cargo operation at KSJM and Port of Ostia. A major aircraft manufacturer has indicated that the Company
should move forward with its business plan. 

 The airfield component of the commercial airport
has been envisioned to accommodate the next generation s mega-sized aircraft. Many airports around the world are finding it difficult
to handle the largest aircraft that are currently in service, such as the Airbus A380. Most of the existing airports around the world
are constrained by physical barriers that inhibit their ability to expand to accommodate the massive size of the aircraft that operate
today. This will not be an issue at KSJM. The airport will have four parallel runways measuring 18,000 feet long and 250 feet wide as
well as a crosswind runway measuring 12,000 feet long and 250 feet wide. Design criteria for the taxiway system, aircraft parking areas
and the runways have been planned to accommodate new large aircraft of today as well as the next generation aircraft of tomorrow. Sarah
Jewel Mathias International Airport (KSJM) and Port of Ostia commercial airport components: 

Four 18,000 x 250 Runways 

24/7 Air Traffic Tower - No Curfew 

Unrestricted Airspace 

R D Facilities 

1,600-acre Inland Rail Port 

Town Center 

2,300-acre Industrial Park 

Competitive Rates 

Incentives 

Greenfield Site 

Design/Build-to-Suit (Expandable) 

1,800-acre Airport Business Park 

Shipping Receiving (Logistics) 

State-of-the-Art Facilities 

Customer Reception Center 

Corporate Aircraft Ramp 

Nearby Residential/Retail/Hotel 

Aviation Maintenance 

Aviation Manufacturing 

Corporate Housing 

24/7 U.S. Customs Port of Entry 

Full-Service Fixed-Based Operator 

Research Development 

Flight Testing Facilities 

30 

Sarah Jewel Mathias International
Airport (KSJM) and Port of Ostia Development Plan 

31 

Global Infrastructure
Finance Development Authority, Inc. GIF DA ), a nonprofit entity related to the Company, with the cooperation
of HSRF Statutory Trust, the trustee of the KSJM International Airport, Inc., a related entity of the Company can raise 15,000,000,000
through issuance of revenue bonds. The Company, as Master General Contractor, will act as horizontal and vertical site improvements developer
for KSJM International Airport, Inc. (KSJM) a related entity of the Company. 

 The Company, will introduce the bond offerings
relating to the project. The Company will also work with its transportation consultant, TEMS, to complete, within the ninety-day period,
an investment grade study for officiating a bond offering for this project. To date, no money has exchanged hands related to this transaction.
The Company s contractual role related to both the Master Agreement For Construction and Master Consulting
Agreement described above within the Business Plan is still in full force and effect, after assignments of agreements
involving affiliate entities, if any. 

 The capital raised from the offering will be
used as the initial capital investment in the KSJM International Airport project to engage a large construction firm as identified earlier,
pay the mobilization fees to declare the contractors in the bond offering, pay for feasibility studies and investment grade studies, bond
rating agency fees and also pay for the performance bond to insure the completion of the construction to protect the bond holders. 

 Pursuant to the Master Consulting Agreement,
the Company will receive compensation from the bond proceeds at bond closing to reimburse the Company for its initial capital investment
into the project. Other sources of revenue include management fees from the Master Agreement for Construction and twenty five percent
profit sharing from each of the related entities. With the revenue recognized by the Company, the Company will then be able to sustain
its continued growth and commence other potential projects. 

 The
Company s (current) Six Stage Process 

1. 
 Managements Final Investment Decision to take on a project 

2. 
 Enter into Letter of Intents, Agreements, Construction Contracts 

3. 
 To have the State(s) sponsor the project by legislative actions (where applicable)

4. 
 Engineer and design studies, Architectural Design, Feasibility Studies 

5. 
 Raising Capital through Bond Financing or Company stock offerings 

6. 
 Management of the physical construction as a general contractor 

Current
Potential Project 8 

 Portus De-Jewel Mexico - The Portus De-
Jewel Mexico is the new premier gateway for international commerce. It is located approximately 600 miles south of the potential Yuma
Arizona Intermodal Port (current potential project no. 6) along the Mexican coast line. The Portus De- Jewel Mexico encompasses 176,000
acres of land and water along 26 miles of waterfront. It will feature 40 passenger and 384 cargo terminals, including automobile, breakbulk,
container, dry and liquid bulk, multi-use, and warehouse facilities that handle billions of dollars worth of cargo each year. 

 The Portus De-Jewel Mexico development plan
consists of 64 shipping/receiving berths at lengths of 15,000 ft. each. The total number of ships berthed at one time would be 320 mega
ships. The water depth would be constant at fifty five feet, the needed depth of water for mega cargo ships. 

 The Company estimates that Portus De-Jewel Mexico
domestic economic impact overflow to the United States of America would be: 

o 
 1.1 million jobs 

o 
 89.2 billion trade value in trade corridors of Arizona
 and California 

o 
 223 billion in U.S. trade value 

o 
 5.1 billion in state tax revenue 

o 
 21.5 billion in federal tax revenue 

o 
 Port customers will contribute about 760 million in
 ancillary trade value to Arizona and California 

Economic Impact: The economic impact
is approximately five hundred billion dollars per year to US domestic economy. Port customers will contribute approximately 27,800,000,000
per year to the local economy as well as to US domestic economy within the Portus De-Jewel Mexico complex. The Port contributes substantially
to the economy, in part, through the following activities: 

 Port Industries: Port
industries are businesses involved in the moving and handling of maritime cargo. 

 Dollars: For every dollar spent by
port industries - another 97 cents is generated in indirect and induced sales in the region. Each dollar of spending for port user goods
and services produces about 79 cents of additional industry sales in the region. 

32 

Jobs: 
Accounts for approximately 32,000 direct port industry jobs (85 of which are trucking and warehousing jobs). 

 Port Users: The biggest contributors
to the economy are the port users who use the Port to receive imports or ship exports. Export manufacturers are major port users. Other
port users include local manufacturers who process imported unfinished goods. 

 Port Customers: Port customers are
the retail and other non-cargo businesses in the Port. They are most important to communities near the Port as a source of jobs, recreation
and specialty consumer goods. 

 Jobs: Direct jobs associated with
port customers numbered about 6,400 or roughly half of the jobs actually located in the Port. For every one of these port customer jobs,
nearly 1.7 additional jobs are created elsewhere in the region. 

 Portus
De Jewel 

Global Infrastructure Finance Development
Authority, Inc. GIF DA ), a nonprofit entity related to the Company, with the cooperation of HSRF Statutory Trust, the
trustee of Portus De-Jewel Mexico, a division of Port of Ostia, Inc. and a related entity of the Company can raise 40,000,000,000 through
the issuance of revenue bonds. The Company as Master General Contractor will act as horizontal and vertical site improvements developer
for Portus De-Jewel Mexico. 

 The Company will introduce bond offerings relating
to the project. The Company will also work with its transportation consultant, TEMS, to complete, within the ninety-day period, an investment
grade study to officiate a bond offering for this project. To date, no money has exchanged hands related to this transaction. The Company s
contractual role, related to both the Master Agreement For Construction and Master Consulting Agreement as
described in the Business Plan section is still in full force and effect after assignments of agreements involving any affiliate
entities. 

 The capital raised from the offering will be
used as the initial capital investment in the Portus De-Jewel Mexico project to engage a large construction firm as mentioned earlier,
pay the mobilization fees to declare the contractors in the bond offering, pay for feasibility studies and investment grade studies, bond
rating agency fees and also pay for the performance bond to ensure the completion of the construction to protect the bond holders. 

 Pursuant to the Master Consulting Agreement,
the Company will receive compensation from the bond proceeds at bond closing to reimburse the Company for its initial capital investment
into the project. Other sources of revenue include management fees from the Master Agreement for Construction and twenty five percent
profit sharing from each of the related entities. With the revenue recognized by the Company, the Company will then be able to sustain
its continued growth and to commence other potential projects. On June 29, 2019, the Company issued 20,000,000 shares of Class B common
stock to acquire a 10 participating profits interest in this project. 

33 

The Company s (current) Six Stage Process 

1. 
 Managements Final Investment Decision to take on a project 

2. 
 Enter into Letter of Intents, Agreements, Construction Contracts 

3. 
 To have the State(s) sponsor the project by legislative actions (where applicable)

4. 
 Engineer and design studies, Architectural Design, Feasibility Studies 

5. 
 Raising Capital through Bond Financing or Company stock offerings 

6. 
 Management of the physical construction as a general contractor 

Current
Potential Project 9 

 HSR Technologies Inc. Manufacturing Site
- In October 2014, HSR Technology, Inc. a related party and the equitable owner of four tax parcels located within West Manchester
Township, York, PA, filed a request for landowner curative amendment with the local township with the intent of constructing facilities
on the properties for the fabrication, assembly and welding of steel, aluminum and stainless steel assemblies with no foundry or casting
operations. The use will include the fabrication and assembly of composite rebar, composite rail, bed liners and rail car assemblies received
pre-prepared. The rail access is critical to the procurement of the land, as the products manufactured on site will be directly related
to the Company s purpose of creating global economic development and promoting trade by bringing people together through innovative
ideas and advanced technology. HSR Technology, Inc. proposes the initial construction of a transfer and storage building with a
rail siding into the building. Manufacturing and assembly buildings would be added in stages, eventually employing up to 2,800 workers. 

 HSR
Technologies , Inc.
has chosen the properties in question for industrial development after an extensive search of York County properties. The property has
449+/- acres which meets the development needs and also provides future expansion capabilities .
 Rail service is critical to the HSR Technologies Inc. business model, which
is based on rail use . The
site in question has 3 , 600
linear feet of rail line traversing it and provides ample areas fo r siding
access. Access to major roadways is a critical component of any manufacturing use .
 The subject properties have direct access to an arterial road ,
 West College Avenue ,
 a state road ;
 a collector road ,
 Hokes Mill Road, also a state road ;
 and three local roads ,
 offering many potential points of access. Also, the site is within 2200
feet of PA Route 462 and the Route 30 bypass. 

 Global Infrastructure Finance Development
Authority, Inc. GIF DA ), a non-profit entity related to the Company, with the cooperation of HSRF Statutory Trust,
the trustee of HSR Technologies Inc., a related entity of the Company can raise 25,000,000,000 through the issuance of revenue bonds.
The Company as Master General Contractor will act as horizontal and vertical site improvements developer for HSR Technologies, Inc. 

 The Company, will wait until ninety days after
the Registration Statement is effective before introducing bond offerings relating to the project. The Company will also work with its
transportation consultant, TEMS, to complete an investment grade study for officiating a bond offering for this project. To date, no money
has exchanged hands related to this transaction. The Company s contractual role related to both the Master Agreement For
Construction and Master Consulting Agreement described above within the Business Plan is still in full
force and effect after assignments of agreements involving related entities, if any. 

 The
four manufacturing plants that will commence operations on this site after site build out are as follows: 

 Highway
Composite Rebar - The Company has the right to use the new rebar product that can be used in its development of highways and
rail route structures. Marshalls Composite Technologies LLC (MCT) has been engaged to manufacture the composite rebar, through HSR Technologies
Inc. for the Company. HSR Technologies ,
 Inc. would manufacture the rebar for use in projects like the Alabama
Toll Road, and the Texas Trade Corridor, and Yuma Trade Corridor for the Company. 

 MCT is the original developer of the composite
rebar technology. HSR Technologies Inc. will also sell the rebar to others for commercial use. Marshalls Composite Technologies LLC (MCT)
offers a plant set up and licence agreement to manufacture the rebar and a contract for their technology to manufacture composite Re-bar
(C RB). 

 U.S. Patent Numbers: 5,702,816; 5,763,042;
5,851,468; 5,876,553; 6,485,660 B1; and 6,493,914 B2 

 MCT is
the only USA compos i te C-Rebar company that is federally certified to meet all federal specs
for use in any government funded projects . Congress gave final approval of a 10 9 -billion
transportation funding bill. Included in the compromise legislation is a pro v ision that calls for
the use of total life-cycle cost analysis as part of the contract-awarding process for new federal projects. The result could be billions
of dollars in new business for t he composites industry. The fiber reinforced
polymer (FRP) composites industry has long 

34 

advocated for the U . S.
Congress to require the states to employ a life-cycle cost assessment when issuing contracts for infrastructure construction. 

As
a practical matter , such
a provision will save money because new infrastructure construct i on
would take into account both the cost of installation and long-term upkeep ,
r ather than awarding a contract solely on the basis of lowest initial cost .
 According to the new bill, the engineering analysis used by the State Departments of Transportation for awarding
construction contracts for highway bridge projects, shall be evaluated by the State ... on engineering and economic bases ,
 taking into consideration acceptable designs for bridges ... and ... using an analysis of life-cycle
costs and duration of project construction. This change paves the way for the use of composites and other high - performance
materials in major infrastructure projects. 

 These
life-cycle cost analysis requirements should push the states toward the use of longer-life and lower-maintenance-cost designs, including
projects that employ non-rusting and light-weight components such as Composite C- REBAR, girders, and deck systems, says the Senior
Director of Government Affairs at the American Composites Manufacturers Association, John Schweitzer. There are over 600,000 highway
bridges in the U.S., making this a very large potential market for FRP composite products. For more information about the benefits
of life Dee-cycle cost assessment read this white paper by transportation policy expert
and three decade veteran of the Congressional Research Service, John W. Fischer. 

 In
February 2011 , the
Company issued an offer letter to HSR Technologies Inc. for purchase of future rebar products for cash of 4,750,000. The Company is also
engaged in development of other transportation potential projects , specifically
the development of a toll road in the State of Alabama. The Company is in need of 400 mill i on
feet of Composite C- Rebar for the toll road project in the State of Alabama. HSR Technologies ,
 Inc. site will facilitate the manufacturing and distribution of Composite
C- Rebar. 

 To date, no money has exchanged hands related
to this transaction. The Company s contractual role related to both the Master Agreement For Construction and Master
Consulting Agreement described above within the Business Plan is still in full force and effect after assignments
of agreements. 

 Composite
Railroad Ties - HSR Technologies ,
 Inc. entered into a memorandum of understanding on July 15, 2020 to acquire
from NP G Innovations, Inc., all of the intellectual property contained in the United States Patent No. 7,931,210, whether or not
related to rail ties/sleepers, and any other inventions and discoveries for the exploitation of the Patent. The property to be acquired
includes copyrights and trademarks, derivatives, imitations, adaptations, reproductions, and exploitations owned by NP G Innovations,
Inc. The production of rail ties will be used to build the railroad system in projects like Port Trajan and the Mobile Trade Corridor,
Texas and Yuma Trade corridors. To date, HSR Technologies, Inc. has not paid the consideration related to this transaction. 

 US Patent Number: 5,996,901; 7,931,210 

 To date no money has exchanged hands related
to this transaction. The Company s contractual role, after any assignments of any agreements involving the entity, is still in full
force and effect, related to both the Master Agreement For Construction and Master Consulting Agreement described
above within the Business Plan . To clarify for purposes of this project, HSR
Technologies , Inc.
 is a related entity. 

 Railcar/Locomotive
Production Facility Hi
Speed Rail Car Assembly Line: RELCO Locomotives Inc., per agreements with
HSR Technologies Inc. will manufacture train set parts to be assembled by HSR Technologies Inc. on the HSR Technologies Inc. manufacturing
site. The manufacturing facility will be for the fabrication, assembly and welding
of steel, aluminum and stainless steel assemblies and the use will include the fabrication of rail car assemblies received pre-prepared. 

HSR Technologies, Inc.
entered into an exclusive Technology use agreement with US Railcar for exclusive use of DMU rail technologies and use of its know-how
for manufacturing of train sets meeting the 49 CFR Part 238 compliant DMU in current revenue service, that meets or exceeds new Federal
Rail Administration (FRA) and American Public Transportation Association (APTA) structural safety specifications. 

 The
Company has agreed to purchase US Railcar rights from HSR Technologies for 25,000,000. The Company intends to use train sets in the future
rail projects when the projects are funded. The Company also has the right to exploit the sale of train sets in other world markets as
well. 

 RELCO Locomotives Inc., has been engaged by HSR Technologies,
to provide pre-prepared train set parts for assembly by HSR Technologies Inc. RELCO Locomotives Inc. is a fifty year old company and has
provided services for Union Pacific, CSX Transportation, Burlington Northern Santa Fe, Kansas City Southern Railway, Canadian National
and numerous others. The Company 

35 

has engaged Volkmann Railroad Builders to construct
the design built railroad. Volkmann is a thirty five year old company that has built railroads for NASA, the mining industry, oil and
gas exploration and freight carriers. 

To date no money has exchanged hands related
to this transaction. The Company s contractual role, after any assignments of any agreements involving the entity, is still in full
force and effect, related to both the Master Agreement For Construction and Master Consulting Agreement described
above within the Business Plan . To clarify for purposes of this project, HSR
Technologies , Inc.
 is the affiliate entity. 

 DAMAR
TRUCKDECK: On July 25, 2020, HSR
Technologies, Inc., entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with
DAMAR Corporation, LLC for the acquisition of all of the intellectual property contained in the United States Patent US 82,10,591 B2,
including bed tool boxes / bed liners, all copyrights and trademarks related to the patent, as well as derivatives, imitations, adaptations,
reproductions and exploitations owned by DAMAR Corporation, LLC, all confidential information, trade secrets, industry contacts and goodwill
associated with the patent. The Damar TruckDeck is a flexible truck deck storage and organization system with an integrated frame allowing
the cargo deck to be used as a hauling surface. The system has many configurations to fit a wide variety of uses (hunting, construction,
moving, hauling, etc.) in various truck deck sizes. The Damar TruckDeck primarily consists of lockable repositionable storage units. 

 The
advantages of the Damar TruckDeck system are as follows : 

1. 
 Organize gear in removable containers
 with the DAMAR Load-N-Go containers , easily
 converting a truck's usage by quickly swapping containers. 

2. 
 Protect items i n
 lockable hatches. Lockable, repositionable hatches protect items in the Load-N-Go containers from theft and weather while a rear
 hatch allows the full length of the bed to be used for securing longer materials. 

3. 
 Ability to haul large items. The
 recessed CargoDeck surface is built to support and haul large materials and equipment ,
 and by maintaining some bed wall height there is no need
 to strap items down. 

4. 
 Can be installed or removed in minutes
 by one person with no tools and no drilling. The Damar Corporation has entered into contracts for sale of its Damar TruckDeck w i th
 Lowe's , T he
 Home Depot, Advanced Auto Parts , Sam's
 Club, Costco and Meyer Distributing . 

The intended use of
these assets will equip the Company field construction vehicle fleets with the needed tool storage containment and hauling capabilities.
The Company will also capitalize on the opportunity of marketing these products to the United States consumer market through existing
relationships by Damar Corporation LLC and large big box retail chains. 

 To date, HSR Technologies, Inc. has not paid
the consideration related to this transaction. 

 U.S. Patent Number: 8,210,592 

 Concerning all manufactured products on the HSR
Technology Park: 

The capital raised from the offering will be
used as the initial capital investment in the HSR Technology Park potential project to engage a large construction firm as mentioned earlier,
pay the mobilization fees to declare the contractors in the bond offering, pay for feasibility studies and investment grade studies, bond
rating agency fees and also pay for the performance bond to ensure the completion of the construction to protect the bond holders. 

 Pursuant to the Master Consulting Agreement,
the Company will receive compensation from the bond proceeds at bond closing to reimburse the Company for its initial capital investment
into the project. Other sources of revenue include management fees from the Master Agreement for Construction and twenty five percent
profit sharing from each of the related entities. With the revenue recognized by the Company, the Company will then be able to sustain
its continued growth and to commence other potential projects. 

 The
Company s (current) Six Stage Process 

1. 
 Managements Final Investment Decision to take on a project 

2. 
 Enter into Letter of Intents, Agreements, Construction Contracts 

3. 
 To have the State(s) sponsor the project by legislative actions (where applicable)

4. 
 Engineer and design studies, Architectural Design, Feasibility Studies 

5. 
 Raising Capital through Bond Financing or Company stock offerings 

6. 
 Management of the physical construction as a general contractor 

36 

Entry of the Company into the Market 

The Company anticipates that it can offer a comprehensive,
innovative approach to resolving the nation s transportation crisis, and it proposes doing so without the necessity of the government
increasing taxes at any level, or in any manner. In short, the Company suggests replacing public financing with private funding. 

The Company s innovative approach is to utilize
the related and non-related non-profit entities to officiate bond offerings to finance infrastructure projects being identified around
the country. A government entity can sponsor the bond offering since the bond proceeds benefit the public interest of their state, and
the state is not burdened with the debt liability of the offering. The Company can then consult with one of the related entities to raise
the needed capital through sponsored bonds, on behalf of the state citizenry. The reason we say we are Pioneers of Private
Public Partnerships is that the finished debt free project will be sold back to the government entity for one dollar upon bond retirement,
as the operations of the project are then managed for a fee, resulting in revenue profits going into the State treasury in future years. 

Competition 

The Company may face significant competition from
other companies that may be developing competing transportation systems. The Company will also face competition in the allocation
of monetary resources from governmental agencies, at the local, regional, state and federal levels. The Company believes that government
agencies will endorse its proposed plan for high-speed regional rail systems, but believes that, given the economic environment, there
may be few or no funds available for such development. 

Due to expected U.S. federal budgetary constraints,
project funding may need to come from private or public entities. On the heels of the Department of Transportation s recent request
for high-speed rail proposals, its Federal Railroad Administration received 132 applications from 32 states totaling 8.8 billion. That
was more than three times the 2.4 billion available. During the first round of awards in the fall of 2009, applicants submitted more
than 55 billion in project proposals. That was nearly six times the initial 8 billion available from the American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act. Unfortunately, due to federal budgetary setbacks, as of 2021, very little of this has come to fruition. 

Trading Market 

While there currently is no active market for the
shares, the Company has a trading symbol ARMT from FINRA. 

Employees 

In addition to the Chief Executive Officer, the Company
has been accruing salaries for its employees, President, CFO, COO, Treasurer, Secretary, Board Members, CLC, CRO and General Manager.
The Company has also issued stock to individuals, for their consulting and professional services, the shares issued are part of the outstanding
share total to date. At the time the Company obtains sufficient financing, the Company will pay the accrued salaries to the employees.
The Company has eight full-time employees. 

Employees 
 Yearly
 Salaries: 

Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 
 Shah Mathias 
 1,500,000 

Vice Chairman Shanjahan Mathias 
 750,000 

President James Becker 
 650,000 

Secretary Steve Trout 
 600,000 

Chief Financial Officer Robert Choiniere 
 500,000 

Chief Risk Officer Robert Todd Reynold 
 500,000 

Chief Legal Counsel John Thompson 
 500,000 

Chief Operating Officer Bryan Elicker 
 500,000 

Each Director 
 150,000 

Each Independent Director 
 120,000 

Subsidiaries 

The Company has one subsidiary, Global Transportation
 Infrastructure Inc. GTI incorporated in the state of Delaware. GTI is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
The Company holds 25 ownership interest (non-voting) in 18 related entities, 10 ownership interest (non-voting) in one related entity,
and 2 ownership interest (non-voting) in one related entity of the 20 affiliated companies listed in the section Related Companies .

37 

Reports to Security Holders 

The Company is a reporting company pursuant to the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and files with the Securities and Exchange Commission quarterly, annual, periodic and other reports. The
Company intends to deliver a copy of its annual report to its security holders, and will voluntarily send a copy of the annual report,
including audited financial statements, to any registered shareholder who requests one. The Company s documents filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission may be inspected at the Commission s principal office in Washington, D.C. Copies of all or
any part of the registration statement may be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the Securities and Exchange Commission, 100
F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference
rooms. The Securities and Exchange Commission also maintains a web site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements
and information regarding registrants that file electronically with the Commission. All of the Company s filings may be located
under the CIK number 0001534155. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 Not required. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company s offices are located at 2575 Eastern Blvd. Suite 211,
York, Pennsylvania 17402. Its telephone number is (717) 434-0668. The Company moved into these offices in February 2014. The lease at
its prior location was canceled without penalty. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On September 14, 2017, the Company received a letter
from Zimmerman Associates, on behalf of J. Harold Hatchett, III and Ronald Silberstein, claiming breach of contract, wrongful termination,
and wrongful violations of the Business Corporations Act, and knowingly inaccurate SEC Reporting against the Company and the board of
directors. The Company believes that these claims are without merit, but plans to work amicably to come to a settlement. 

The Company received lawsuit on June 13, 2017 by Estate
of Robert A. Berry Esq. (decedent, Oct 22, 2015), plaintiff. The Plaintiff Estate asserted a claim for 50,000 and 11,000 common class
 B shares of Ameri Metro Inc. relating to shares and accrued stipend beginning 2015. The Company, in 2015, had previously,
by resolution acknowledged and booked the liability of 50,000 and issued, the 11,000 shares of common class B stock of
Ameri Metro Inc. to decedent Robert A. Berry Esq. However Mr. Berry s estate felt it appropriate to file a lawsuit in 2017 to collect
the 50,000. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

38 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

On November 25, 2013, the Company filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form S-1/A for the offer and sale of 1,589,284 shares of common stock offered by the
owners thereof offered at 3.75 per share. There is no current market for the securities and the price at which the Shares are being
offered has been arbitrarily determined by the Company and used for the purpose of computing the amount of the registration fee in accordance
with Rule 457(a).There is no public market for the Company s common stock. No assurances can be given that a public market will
develop or that, if a market does develop, it will be sustained. 

Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation to
change its existing stock capitalization. Company authorized the total number of shares of stock which the corporation shall have the
authority to issue is 26,207,000,000 (Twenty-Six Billion Two Hundred Seven Million) shares, consisting of 26,007,000,000 (Twenty-Six Billion
and Seven million) shares of Common Stock having a par value of 0.000001 and 200,000,000 (Two Hundred Million) shares of Preferred Stock
having a par value of 0.000001 per share. 

The Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation
to change its existing authorized preferred and common shares from the current shares to the following: 

Preferred Shares: 200,000,000 (Two Hundred Million) par value .000001. 

Class A 7,000,000 (Seven Million
 Class A common shares) these shares have 40,000 : 1 voting right compared to all other Class of shares and have equal dividend
 rights as all other Class of shares, par value 0.000001. 

Class B 10,000,000,000 (Ten Billion Class
 B common shares) with voting and dividend rights, par value 0.000001. 

Class C a/k/a Equity Participation Dividend
 Shares 8,000,000,000 (Eight Billion Class C common shares) with no voting rights but with dividend rights, par value 0.000001. 

Class D a/k/a Equity Participation Shares
 8,000,000,000 (Eight Billion Class D common shares) with no voting rights and no dividend rights, par value 0.000001. 

As of July 31, 2021 there were 4,596,373,164 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding and 1,800,000 shares of preferred stock. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

 There were no recent sales of unregistered
securities. As of July 31, 2021, the period covered by this Report, the Company had 4,596,373,164 shares of common stock outstanding. 

 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

There is no selected financial data required to be filed for a smaller
reporting company. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The Company was incorporated in the State of Delaware
and merged with Ameri Metro 2010 on June 12, 2012. References to the financial condition and performance of the Company below in
this section Management s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation are to financial
statements of the Company. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Since its incorporation, the Company has developed
its business plan, appointed officers and directors, engaged initial project consultants and entered into negotiations and contracts for
related and ancillary business. The Company is in the process of developing proposals for high-speed rail service. 

 In
December 2019, an outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus COVID-19 began
in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a
pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted
global supply chains and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
on our ability to execute our business plans in the expected time frame and to secure funding, will depend on future developments, including
the duration and spread of the pandemic, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. The management team is closely following
the progression of COVID-19 and its potential impact on the Company. Since the Company is not currently trading and has not begun full-scale
operations, there is minimal impact on the Company s current financial condition. 

39 

The
Company sees an opportunity for additional U.S. projects given the Administration s interest in advancing a 2 Trillion infrastructure
package. Although the Company expected a significant reduction in GDP globally, the Company anticipated a return to growth beginning late
fiscal year 2021. Management will continue to monitor the situation and take appropriate actions when the Company is capitalized. 

 Ameri Metro, Inc. (the Company has an agreement with Alabama Toll Facilities Inc.(ATFI) to develop the Alabama Toll Project. Revenues from this and other projects will
be disclosed after the project issues bonds and the Company begins earning fees. 

Currently in a design phase for road and bridges. 

Multi-Unit rail cars. 

Secured the technology to manufacture railroad ties. 

Relco for manufacturing train sets PRIVATE LABEL AMERI METRO TRAIN
 SETS BUILD IN AMERICA BY AMERICAN COMPANY 

Secured the technology to manufacture composite Rebar. (C RB). 

Secured NASDAQ Trading symbol ARMT 

Successfully Merged with public company 

Secured the technology to manufacture composite debar. 

The Company is engaged in development of transportation complex which
consist of toll road, inland port and airport. 

1. 
 Toll road: secured the construction contract to build 357 miles of toll road (ATFI). 

2. 
 Design build inland port called Port De Claudius. 

3. 
 Design build airport called Sarah Jewel Mathias International Airport (KSJM). 

4. 
 Design build air cargo port called Port of Ostia. 

5. 
 Design build railroad and train stations. 

Since its inception, the Company has engaged
Eastern Development and Design (ED D) to do all the civil engineering work for the toll road, Port De Claudius, KSJM and Port of Ostia.
ED D is an experienced civil engineering company that has been operating since 1993. The Company has, via ED D, engaged Armstrong
Consulting Inc., for the airport engineering and planning. Armstrong Consulting Inc. is an experienced airport planning and engineer design
company. It will engineer and design standards from FAA AC150/5300-13 airport design and FAR PART 77. The Company has approached Boeing
Aircraft Manufacturer to help launch air cargo operation at KSJM and Port of Ostia. Boeing has indicated that the Company should move
forward with its business plan. The Company has engaged HSR Technologies/Relco to provide exclusive use of DMU rail technologies and use
its know-how for manufacturing of train sets meeting the 49 CFR Part 238 compliant DMU in current venue service that meets or exceeds
new Federal Rail Administration (FRA) and America Public Transportation Association (APTA) structural safety specification. Relco is a
fifty year old company and has provided services for Union Pacific, CSXT, VNSF, KCS, CN and numerous others. The Company will build seventeen
hundred miles of railroad tracks in parallel with ATFI. The Company will build four tracks north and south bound, two tracks for passengers 
services and two tracks for freight. The Company has engaged Volkmann Railroad Builders to construct the design built railroad. Volkmann
is a thirty five year old company that has built railroads for NASA, the mining industry, oil and gas exploration and freight carriers.
The Company has engaged consultants such as Transportation Economics Management System Inc. (TEMS). TEMS is a global transportation consulting
firm. It is responsible for the transportation planning and system analysis, which includes the development of the passenger and freight
forecasting models. The Company has engaged with Inchcape Shipping Services (ISS) to manage and act as port agent at Port Claudius and
Port Of Ostia. ISS is a global operation from 65 counties, six hundred ports that directs traffic from sea and air cargo to and from the
ports. They have been in business since 1875. The Company has engaged NP G Innovations Inc. to manufacturer railroad ties for the
company. NP G is the original inventors of green technology railroad ties. 

 The Company has engaged HRS Technologies/Marshalls
Composite Technologies LLC (MCT) to manufacture the composite rebar. MCT is the original developer of technology of the composite rebar.
The Company will need approximately four hundred million linear feet of composite rebar to be use in building ATFI. 

 Future project financing via bond 

 There are four non-profit organizations: 

1. 
 Alabama Toll Facilities, Inc. 

2. 
 High Speed Rail Facilities Inc. 

3. 
 High Speed Rail Facilities Provider Inc. 

4. 
 Global Infrastructure Development Finance Authority 

High-Speed Rail Facilities, Inc. and High-Speed
Rail Facilities Provider, Inc. take a comprehensive, intermodal approach to resolving the nation s transportation crisis. And they
propose doing so without the necessity of increasing taxes at any level, or in any manner. In short, they replace pubic financing with
private funding. 

40 

High-Speed Rail
Facilities, Inc. and High-Speed Rail Facilities Provider, Inc. are prepared to assume a much larger role with the Company. Having brought
together the necessary technical and industrial components to begin work immediately, the Company need not engage in costly, time-consuming
 pilot programs. Our team of experts is prepared to move expeditiously forward on the widest variety of fronts, from site
selection, to trainset construction, to building cooperative ventures with ancillary components of the transportation and accommodation
industries nationwide. The Company takes an intermodal approach to providing seamless service with a scale of economy. Specifically, the
Company s paradigm anticipates a fundamental change in the manner in which passenger rail service will be provided. The high-speed
rail plan will utilize existing rail rights-of-way to connect several metropolitan areas and states serving expanding populations. The
major elements of the plan would include: 

Use of existing rail rights-of-way to connect rural, small urban and major metropolitan
 areas; 

Operation of a hub-and-spoke passenger rail system providing service
 to and through one or more major hubs to locations throughout the United States; 

Introduction of modern trail equipment operating at speeds up to 110 mph; 

Provision of multi-modal connections to improve system access; 

Improvement in reliability and on-time performance; 

Development or expansion of a feeder bus system linking outlying areas to railroad
 stations; 

Acquiring new train equipment including train sets, including spares; 

Communications Systems, and grade-crossing improvements; 

Construction or improvement of railroad grade crossings and passenger stations.
 High-Speed Rail Facilities, Inc. and The High-Speed Rail Facilities Provider, Inc. are currently finalizing an arrangement with the Company. 

As of July 31, 2021, the projects have not yet started and hence no funding
has taken place or bonds issued. 

Other Related Party Agreements 

Shah Mathias, Founder of the Company, has established
a series of corporations with which to effect the transactions and development of the projects envisioned by the Company including the
Port Trajan Facility, high speed rail projects and the Alabama Toll Road. The Company has envisioned long-range ideas and plans
to develop currently undeveloped areas through which the planned Alabama toll road will traverse. These plans include the development
of an airport, sea shipping port and a high speed rail line. 

Although these companies are not subsidiaries of the
Company, they are related companies as they are all under common control of Mr. Mathias. Mr. Mathias has established these companies
to basically serve as subcontractors for the operations of the planned transportation systems. 

None
of these companies has any operations or any revenues. Mr. Mathias (as president of each of these companies) has executed contracts between
several of these companies and the Company. In each of these companies, Shah Mathias is the president and chief executive officer. No
other officers or directors exist in any of these related companies. As described in Item 1, the Company owns 2 of Susquehanna Mortgage
Bankers Corp. and 10 of Dutch East India Logistics Co ,
and 25 of the other eighteen companies with the remaining ownership held directly or indirectly by Mr. Mathias. 

1) 
 HSR Freight line, Inc. Designed to handle all services for use of track time and trains for freight and
 freight forwarding services. 

2) 
 HSR Passenger Services, Inc. Designed to handle rail ticketing booking, reservations, and food services. 

3) 
 HSR Technologies, Inc. Designed to handle all building of suites and manufacturing of trains and rail tracks
 and provide fiber optics, telecommunications, and related technologies services. 

4) 
 HSR Logistics, Inc. Designed to handle all purchasing functions. 

5) 
 KSJM International Airport, Inc. Designed to eventually create an airport facility in inland Alabama 

6) 
 Port Of Ostia, Inc. Designed to handle all air cargo if and when an airport facility is created. 

7) 
 Port of De Claudius, Inc. Designed to handle sea container and port operations. 

8) 
 AMERI Cement, Inc. Designed to handle cement needs for building Alabama toll road. 

9) 
 Lord Chauffeurs LTD: Designed to operate all passenger ground transportation. 

10) 
 Atlantic Energy Utility Products, Inc. Designed to provide utility and maintenance service to above
 entities. 

11) 
 Penn Insurance Services LLC. Designed to provide insurance service to above entities. 

12) 
 Cape Horn Abstracting, Co. Designed to land title examination services. 

13) 
 Eastern Development Design, Inc. Designed to provide all civil engineering and architectural
 service. 

14) 
 Slater West, Inc. Designed to handle contract administration services and work force H R matters. 

15) 
 Malibu Homes, Inc. Designed to establish residential home building services. 

16) 
 Platinum Media, Inc. Designed to provide all media related services. 

41 

17) 
 Susquehanna Mortgage Bankers Corp. H as
 applied for a Fintech Commercial Residential lender with the U.S. Office of Currency Control to become a licensed lender under the
 U.S. Federal Reserve system. 

18) 
 Natural Resources, LLC To
 provide oil, gas and mineral extraction services, timber harvesting, agricultural and related food production services associated with
 the operation of large-scale development projects. 

19) 
 Dutch East India Logistics Co. Designed to provide international cargo services in Yuma
 Arizona. 

20) 
 Ann Charles International Airport, Inc. Designed to provide airport services and cargo
 break facilities in Port Freeport and the Brazoria Fort Bend Rail District Project. 

The Company has entered into Letter of Intents with
several of the above related companies for its future projects. On January 13, 2013 the Company entered into a Letter of Intent,
which was later turned into an agreement, with a related party. The purpose being that the Company is contracting services for the
build out of the Port Trajan 5 Terminals. 

 The following discussion is contingent on subsequent financing
being obtained. 

 On August 8, 2016, Company entered into a
Material Definitive Agreement for construction Construction Agreement with Port De Claudius, Inc. PDC ).
Pursuant to the Construction Agreement, the Company shall perform all tasks and actions required to develop and construct the Port Trajan
Pa. commercial properties (the Project and to secure the first and future phases of the financing applicable to the design,
planning, engineering, and related soft and hard costs of the construction of the Project. Pursuant to the Construction Agreement, the
specifications, designs, construction standards, subcontractor agreements, insurance requirements, hiring and employment policies and
similar items shall be developed by the Company, subject to approval by PDC. The Company shall assure that the Project is constructed
according to specifications and requirements imposed by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation (PADOT) and the Federal Highway
Administration. The Company shall supervise all phases of the construction of the Project, and it shall be responsible to PDC for all
acts or omissions of its employees, subcontractors, agents, consultants and other parties under its control. The Company shall be responsible
for assuring that the construction of the Project is performed in a good and workmanlike manner and in accordance with the highest standards
of care for the industry. 

 The Project consists of two phases. Phase
One consists of land purchase and onsite /off site improvement and its estimated cost, for both phases, is Two Billion Dollars 2,000,000,000),
at cost plus forty percent (40 ), plus two percent (2 for the increase in inflation regardless of the cost to the Company to perform
the required services. In no event will the profit to the Company from the amount paid by PDC be less than Eight Hundred Million Dollars 800,000,000). A mobilization fee of 2,729,514 shall be due and payable by PDC to the Company upon the closing of Bond funding for Phase
One. 

 On September 11, 2016, the Company entered
into an agreement of sale and or assignment of assets in Phase One (the Sale Agreement with Jewel's Real-Estate 10-86 Master
LLLP (the Seller ), Global Infrastructure Finance Development Authority, Inc., division of Hi Speed Rail Facilities
Inc. (the Financier ), PDC, and HSRF Statutory Trust as Trustee (the Trustee ), as dictated by the Construction
Agreement. Pursuant to the Sale Agreement, the Company and the Seller shall sell and assign all rights, title and interest in and to any
contractual agreements to PDC on completion of Phase One, as governed by the Construction Agreement. The cost of Phase One would be 950,000,000.
The net Phase One revenue to the Company would be 66,719,514. 

 Going Concern 

The consolidated financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis, which implies the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the
normal course of business. The Company has not generated any revenues since inception. As at July 31, 2021, the Company has a working
capital deficiency of 59,094,971 (2020 - 53,318,335) and has accumulated losses of 65,460,478 (2020 - 59,311,348) since inception.
The ability of Ameri Metro to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company generating cash from the sale of its common stock
and/or obtaining debt financing and attaining future profitable operations. 

 Management s plans include selling its
equity securities and obtaining debt financing to fund its capital requirement and on-going operations; however, there can be no assurance
the Company will be successful in these efforts. These factors create substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue
as a going concern. 

 Critical Accounting Policies 

The financial statements of the Company have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements
requires making estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. The estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making judgments about the carrying values of
assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. 

42 

The Company believes
that the following critical accounting policies, among others, affect its more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of its financial statements: 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Revenue Recognition 

We will recognize revenue
from contracts with customers in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC Topic 606, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). We recognize our contracts in our consolidated financial statements
upon determining that it creates enforceable rights and obligations and the funding to complete our projects are probable. 

The Company will recognize
revenue based on the following agreements for each project: 

Master
Consulting Agreement Exhibit 10.24: The Company shall be compensated for arranging financing and developing the sponsorship mechanism
for the Project by a specific fee equal to one and one half percent (1.5 of the face amount of the each master trust indenture. All
fees are deemed earned upon delivery of each master trust indenture documents and or recordation of same in any public record. However,
the Company has conservatively determined under ASC 606 that the revenues will not be recognized until the cash from the bond indentures
is received and is ready to be transferred to the sponsor projects. 

Master Agreement for Construction
Exhibit 10.15: The Company will earn cost plus forty percent (40 ), plus two percent (2 over the adjustment for the increase
in inflation. Construction contract is based upon 97 of the face amount of each Master Trust Indenture over course of construction period.
The Company will also receive three percent (3 of the face amount of the contract upon the bond funding for the initial phase of the
project; and a subsequent payment of an additional two percent (2 of the face amount of the contract upon mobilization of the project.
These percentages shall apply to the first phase and to all subsequent phases of the project. 

The cost plus forty percent,
plus the 2 inflation adjustment will be recognized over the expected term of the contract on a percentage of completion basis. 

The 3 will be recognized
at the time of the bond funding as the Company has no other performance obligations. 

The 2 mobilization fee will
be recognized at that time the project is mobilized. 

 The Company will also generate revenues through Susquehanna Mortgage Bankers
and Penn Insurance Services. The Company currently has no activity related to these two entities. The revenues will be recorded based
on the Master Consulting Agreement of 1.5 , Credit Enhancement Fees of 3.0 , Financial Guarantee Fees of 3 , Lender Fee of 1.5 , Origination
/ Underwriting Fee of 1.5 and Service Fees of 0.5 . All of the fees will be recognized once all services have been completed. 

Share-based payments 

The Company may issue shares of common stock to employees
and non-employees for services. Stock-based compensation is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and
is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. 

The Company will estimate the fair value of stock
options and warrants using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which was developed for use in estimating the fair value of options
that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. This model requires the input of subjective assumptions, including
the expected price volatility of the underlying stock and the expected life of stock options. Projected data related to the expected
volatility of stock options is based on the average volatility of the trading prices of comparable companies and the expected life of
stock options is based upon the average term and vesting schedules of the options. Changes in these subjective assumptions can materially
affect the fair value of the estimate, and therefore the existing valuation models do not provide a precise measure of the fair value
of our stock options and warrants. 

The Company will estimate the fair value of shares
of common stock issued for services based on the price of shares of the Company s common stock sold in contemporaneous private placements
of offerings on the date shares are granted. 

43 

Investment in Related Companies 

 The investments in entities in which the Company
does not have a controlling interest (financial or operating), but where it has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating
and financial policies, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 

 Investments in partially-owned entities for which
the Company has no ability to exercise significant influence even though the ownership interest is more than 20 are accounted for in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP applicable to equity investments that
do not qualify for the equity method of accounting. The Company evaluates these types of investments for changes in fair value and, if
there is change, recognizes the change in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. If no such events or changes in circumstances have
occurred related to these types of investments, the fair value is estimated only if practicable to do so. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

The Company has implemented all new accounting
pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting
pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. For management s
analysis of the impact of new accounting pronouncements please Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the consolidated
financial statements starting on page 55. 

Discussion for the Fiscal Years Ended July
31, 2021 and 2020 

Total assets of the Company were 4,848 as at July
31, 2021 as compared to total assets of 63,647 as at July 31, 2020. Total current assets at July 31, 2021 was 4,848 as compared
to current assets of 63,336 as at July 31, 2020. 

Total operating expenses decreased to 6,144,812 for
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021 from 10,116,682 for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to
management and directors discontinuing their salary accruals as of January 31, 2021. Loss from operations was 6,144,812 for the fiscal
year ended July 31, 2021 compared to 10,116,682 for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2020. 

Liquidity : The Company has no continuous methods
of generating cash other than the sale of its stock. 

Capital Resources : The Company did not incur
any capital expenditures for the year ended July 31, 2021. 

Results of Operations : The Company has
had no revenue since inception other than from the sale of its securities. The Company does not anticipate that it will generate revenue
sufficient to cover its operating expenses until the implementation of its business plan. As of July 31, 2021, the Company has a working
capital deficiency of 59,094,971 and has accumulated losses of 65,460,478 since inception. The ability of the Company to continue as
a going concern is dependent on the Company generating cash from the sale of its common stock and/or obtaining debt financing and attaining
future profitable operations. Management s plans include selling its equity securities and obtaining debt financing to fund
its capital requirement and on-going operations; however, there can be no assurance the Company will be successful in these efforts. These
factors create substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

 ITEM 7.A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK Not Required 

44 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

AMERI METRO, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 JULY 31, 2021 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 46 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020 
 52 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 53 

45 

Index 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Ameri Metro, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying the consolidated balance sheets of Ameri Metro Inc. and its subsidiaries the Company as of July 31, 2021 and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows, for the year then ended, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2021, and the results of its consolidated operations and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended July 31 2021, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, as of July 31, 2021, the Company has not generated any revenues since inception and there are no assurances the Company will generate a profit or obtain positive cash flow, in addition the Company has a working capital deficit. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan regarding these matters is also described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. See critical audit matters for farther information. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 46 

Index 

 Going concern- refer to previous paragraph and note 2 of the financial statements 
 Critical audit matter description 
 The Company raised a substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. The financial statements for the years under audit have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter was addressed in the Audit 
 - 
 We evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 
 - 
 We obtained information about management s plans that are intended to mitigate the effect of such conditions or events, and assess the likelihood that such plans can be effectively implemented. 
 - 
 We added explanatory paragraph to the audit report. 
 Elkana Amitai, CPA 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 
 Mitzpe Netofa, Israel 
 October 27, 2021 
 
 47 

Index 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Ameri Metro, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying the consolidated balance sheets of Ameri Metro Inc. and its subsidiaries the Company as of July 31, 2020 and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows, for the year then ended, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended July 31 2020, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statement based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Going Concern 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, as of July 31, 2020, the Company has negative cash flow and there are no assurances the Company will generate a profit or obtain positive cash flow, in addition the Company has a nominal working capital deficit. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan regarding these matters is also described in Note 2 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 /s/Weinstein International CPA 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 
 Tel Aviv, Israel 
 November 12, 2020 
 
 48 

Index 

 AMERI METRO, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

July 31, 
 2021 

July 31, 
 2020 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

- 

Funding receivable 

- 
 
 Master consulting fee asset 

- 
 
 Total Current Assets 

Office equipment, net 

- 

Total Assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses - related parties 

Accrued compensation expenses - related parties 

Loans payable - related parties 

Bond indenture obligation 

- 
 
 Deferred revenue 

- 
 
 Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value . , shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock class A, par value . , shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock class B, par value . , shares authorized, shares (2020 - issued and outstanding 

Common stock class C, par value . , shares authorized shares (2020 - issued and outstanding 

Common stock class D, par value . , shares authorized, shares (2020 - issued and outstanding 

Additional paid in capital 

Stock subscription receivable 

) 

) 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

) 

) 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

) 

) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 49 

Index 

 AMERI METRO, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year 
 Ended 
 July 31, 2021 

Year 
 Ended 
 July 31, 2020 

Operating Expenses 

General Administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss From Operations 

) 

) 

Other Expense 

Interest expenses 

) 

() 
 Other income / loss 

) 

) 
 
 Gain on settlement of debt 

- 

Total Other (Expense) Gain 

) 

Net Loss 

) 

) 

Net Loss Per Share - Basic Diluted 

) 

) 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 50 

Index 

 AMERI METRO, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2021 AND 2020 

Common Stock 

Common Stock 

Common Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional 

Stock 

Preferred Stock 

Class A 

Class B 

Class C 

Class D 

Paid in 

Subscription 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Receivable 

Deficit 

Total 

Balance, July 31, 2019 

Stock-based compensation 

372 
 
 Shares issued for services 

Shares issued for cash 

) 

Shares issued for option exercise 

) 

Shares issued for investment in related entities 

Shares issued for amended opportunity licensing agreement 

Stock options issued for debt settlement 

Shares issued pursuant to stock split in 2014 

) 

Stock dividend 

) 

Shares re-issued for deposit 

) 

Net loss 

) 

) 

Balance, July 31, 2020 

Common Stock 

Common Stock 

Common Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional 

Stock 

Preferred Stock 

Class A 

Class B 

Class C 

Class D 

Paid in 

Subscription 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Receivable 

Deficit 

Total 
 
 Balance, August 1, 2020 

Opening Equity AJE 

- 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation 

106 
 
 Issuance of Class B shares at par 

- 

- 

- 

- 

) 

- 

- 

- 
 
 Issuance of Class C shares at par 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

) 

- 

- 

- 
 
 Issuance of Class C shares at par 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

) 

- 

- 

- 
 
 Issuance of Class D shares at par 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

) 

- 

- 

- 
 
 Shares issued to officers for cash 

) 

- 
 
 Conversion of shares for debt 

- 

0 

Stock Options Issued 

- 

Net loss 

) 

) 

Balance, July 31, 2021 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 51 

Index 

 AMERI METRO, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year 
 ended 
 July 31, 2021 

Year 
 ended 
 July 31, 2020 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

) 

) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Stock-based compensation 

Impairment of investment in related companies 

- 

Gain on settlement of debt 

- 

) 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expense and deposits 

) 
 
 Funding receivable 

) 

- 
 
 Master consulting fee asset 

) 

- 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses related parties 

Accrued compensation expenses related parties 

Bond indenture obligation 

- 
 
 Deferred revenue 

- 

Cash flows used in operating activities 

) 

) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from related party loans 

Repayment of related party loans 

) 

) 

Cash flows provided by financing activities 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH 

) 

CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

NON CASH TRANSACTION: 

Settlement of Related Party Debt for Equity 

- 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 52 

Index 

 AMERI METRO, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 July 31, 2021 and 2020 Trillion infrastructure package. Although the Company expected a significant reduction in GDP globally, the Company anticipated a return to growth beginning later in the fiscal year 2021. Management will continue to monitor the situation and take appropriate actions when the Company is capitalized. (2020 - and has accumulated losses of (2020 - since inception. The ability of Ameri Metro to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company generating cash from the sale of its common stock and/or obtaining debt financing and attaining future profitable operations. 
 Management s plans include selling its equity securities and obtaining debt financing to fund its capital requirement and on-going operations; however, there can be no assurance the Company will be successful in these efforts. These factors create substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 
 Ann Charles International Airport, Inc. 
 
 Atlantic Energy Utility Products, Inc. 
 
 Cape Horn Abstracting, Co 
 
 Dutch East India Logistics Co 
 
 Eastern Development Design Inc. 
 
 HSR Freight Line Inc. 
 
 HSR Logistics Inc. 
 
 HSR Passenger Services, Inc. 
 
 HSR Technologies, Inc. 
 
 KSJM International Airport, Inc. 
 
 Lord Chauffeurs Ltd. 
 
 Malibu Homes, Inc. 
 
 Natural Resources, Inc. 
 
 Penn Insurance Services LLC 
 
 Platinum Media, Inc. 
 
 Port de Claudius, Inc. 
 
 Port of Ostia Inc. 
 
 Slater West, Inc. 
 
 Susquehanna Mortgage Bankers Corp. 

These related entities are deemed to be variable interest entity VIE under the VIE model of consolidation, but the Company does not consolidate the related entities as it is not deemed to be their primary beneficiary. ownership interest in eighteen related entities, ownership interest in one related entity and ownership interest in one related entity. The remaining ownership interest (and voting control) is owned by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 
 The investments in entities in which the Company does not have a controlling interest (financial or operating), but where it has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 
 Investments in partially-owned entities for which the Company has no ability to exercise significant influence even though the ownership interest is more than 20 are accounted for in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP applicable to equity investments that do not qualify for the equity method of accounting. The Company evaluates these types of investments for changes in fair value and, if there is change, recognizes the change in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. If no such events or changes in circumstances have occurred related to these types of investments, the fair value is estimated only if practicable to do so. 
 On July 12, 2021, the board of directors approved the Company to transfer non-voting ownership of European Union High Speed Rail Infrastructure, Co., Middle East High Speed Rail Infrastructure, Co., South East Asia High Speed Rail Infrastructure, Inc. and Pacific Rim High Speed Rail, Co with Class B shares from the Company treasury to each entity individually. As of the date of this filing the transfer of shares has not been completed. participating profits interest in the Portus de Jewel project. The remaining participating profits interest (and voting control) is owned by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. On July 31, 2020, the Company amended the Opportunity License Agreement for the Portus de Jewel project to include a ownership interest in Dutch East India Logistics Co. Dutch East ). 
 
 54 

Index 
 . Depreciation expense totaled and for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. and stock options as at July 31, 2021 and 2020, have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share because the effect of their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 55 

Index 
 (2020 - is accrued in relation to various employment agreements, directorship agreements and audit committee agreements as described in Note 10. The accrual of salaries for the employees, directors and audit committee were halted in the second quarter. 
 
 56 

Index 

.06 
 Directors 

.01 
 Audit Committee 

.00 
 Employees 

.78 
 Majority Shareholder 

.00 

On January 14, 2020, the Company issued options to Penndel Land Company, a company owned by Company Founder, for of loans and accrued interest owed to the Company s Founder as at December 31, 2019. The fair value of the options was on the grant date and the Company recognized a gain of on settlement of debt. On February 14, 2020, the Company issued 300,000,000 shares of Class B common stock upon the exercise of stock options. 
 At July 31, 2021, the Company is indebted to the majority shareholder for (2020 - ). The 2021 balance consists of for consulting fees owed, accrued interest of of accrued interest related to Loans Payable Related Party (Note 5 LOANS PAYABLE RELATED PARTIES) and the Company is indebted to three directors of the Company for an aggregate of for expenditures incurred on behalf of the Company. The amount is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. 

Accured Consulting Fees - Related Parties 

Due to related parties 
 
 .00 

Total 

Directors 

Audit Committee 

Employees 

Majority Shareholder 

The table above discloses the salaries and compensation accrued but not paid to officers, directors, audit committee, employees and the majority shareholder during the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. is due to a Penndel Land Company owned by the Chief Executive Officers of the Company as it paid expenses on behalf of the Company. The amount is due on demand with an interest rate of per annum. At July 31, 2021, accrued interest on this loan is , which is included in accrued expenses related parties (Note 4). of all authorized stock capitalization to Mr. Shah Mathias at the time of appointment. In addition, the Company agreed to issue shares of common stock equal to of any shares issued under a public offering; and if shares are issued at such time to any other party Mr. Shah Mathias is to be issued an equal amount of shares. As of July 31, 2021, the Company has not completed its public offering pursuant to a Form S-1 registration statement. On April 3, 2015, the Company amended the employment agreement to eliminate the requirement to issue stock options of of all authorized stock capitalization and, instead, agreed to issue Mr. Shah Mathias a total of of Class A and Class B shares of common stock, and of Class C and D shares of common stock at the time of the amendment. As of July 31, 2018, the Company has issued shares of Class D common stock and shares of Class C common stock pursuant to the employment agreement, and recorded of stock payable for unissued stock consisting of unissued Class A common stock, unissued Class B common stock, and unissued Class D Stock. On May 26, 2020, the Company issued shares of Class A common stock, shares of Class B common stock and shares of Class D common stock. 
 
 57 

Index 

 On October 27, 2020, the Company Board of Directors unanimously approved a motion hiring Company founder Shah Mathias as Chief Executive Officer of Ameri Metro, Inc. and electing him Chairman of the Board of Directors. According to Company Directorship Agreements, Mr. Mathias is eligible to receive unrestricted Class B shares as of his October 27, 2020 election as Chairman of Company Board of Directors, also, consistent with Company incentive plans, Mr. Mathias was entitled to receive Class B stock options as of his October 27, 2020 hiring as Chief Executive Officer, and Class B stock options in each successive year, on August 30, until he receives a total of Class B stock options. 
 On April 29, 2021, the Company also provided to Mr. Shah Mathias from treasury shares at a strike price of . share for his position as a director of the Company and for the position of CEO of Africa High Speed Rail and Infrastructure Company. shares, consisting of shares of common stock with a par value of per share and shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. The pertinent rights and privileges of the authorized capital stock is as follows: 
 
 Class A common stock shares, each share having a compared to all other classes of shares and have equal dividend rights as all other classes of shares, and a par value of . per share; 
 
 Class B common stock shares, each share with , dividend rights, and a par value per share; 
 
 Class C common stock (a/k/a Equity Participation Dividend Shares) shares with , but with dividend rights, and a par value of per share. The Company may issue these shares as it deems necessary, for the purposes including but not limited to: purchasing goods and services for the Company; serving as an investment vehicle in acquisitions; for engaging in long term and short term joint ventures; for engaging in single purpose joint ventures; purchasing commodities, supplies, equipment and other tangible items for current and future projects; for engaging in like-kind exchanges as authorized by Internal Revenue Code Section 1031; for purchase of stocks and other securities; for purchase of real estate; for employee awards; and such other lawful purposes not in conflict with the said Board resolution, the Company Bylaws or applicable law and regulations. In the event Class C shares are used to purchase or complete a project, the initial of the net profits are distributed to the applicable class shareholders. Thereafter, all classes of stock share equally in any dividends; 
 
 Class D common stock (a/k/a Equity Participation Shares) shares with , no dividend rights, and a par value of per share. The Company may issue these shares as it deems necessary, for the following purposes but not limited to: purchasing goods and services for the Company; serving as an investment vehicle in acquisitions; for engaging in long term and short term joint ventures; for engaging in single purpose joint ventures; purchasing commodities, supplies, equipment and other tangible items for current and future projects; for engaging in like-kind exchanges as authorized by Internal Revenue Code Section 1031; for purchase of stocks and other securities; for purchase of real estate; for employee awards; and such other lawful purposes not in conflict with the said Board resolution, the Company Bylaws or applicable law and regulations. In the event Class D shares are used to purchase or complete a project, the initial of the net profits are distributed to the applicable class shareholders. Thereafter, all classes of stock share equally in any dividends; and 
 
 Preferred stock shares with no voting rights, no dividend rights, and a par value of per share. 
 On September 13, 2021, the board of directors approved to increase the Class A and Class B authorized shares to as of the date of this filing this has not been completed. 
 On August 20, 2018, the Company reserved Class B shares of common stock in the name of the Ameri Metro, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. The shares are being administered by HSRF Statutory Trust on behalf of the Company. Upon exercise of stock options granted pursuant to the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, HSRF Statutory Trust will issue the relevant employee, director or consultant shares from trust. 
 On August 20, 2018, the Company reserved Class B shares of common stock in the name of the Ameri Metro, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. The shares are being administered by HSRF Statutory Trust on behalf of the Company. Upon exercise of stock options granted pursuant to the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, HSRF Statutory Trust will issue the relevant employee, director or consultant shares from trust. 
 
 58 

Index 

 On August 21, 2018, the Company reserved each of Class C and Class D shares of common stock in the name of the Ameri Metro, Inc. Trust, in order to meet public float regulatory requirements for each series of Class C and Class D shares of common stock. The Company established a minimum of shares as a public float for each series of Class C and Class D shares of common stock from series II to series XXXIII. The Class B shareholders on record as of September 15, 2018, will each be issued shares of series II to series XXXIII Class C and Class D common stock. The shares are being administered by HSRF Statutory Trust on behalf of the Company and will be issued to the Class B shareholders out of trust when deemed appropriate by the Company. 
 On September 18, 2018, the Company reserved Class B shares of common stock in the name of the Ameri Metro, Inc. Trust, for the purpose of any future purchases of commodities, supplies, equipment and other tangible items for current and future projects. The shares are being administered by the HSRF Statutory Trust on behalf of the Company and will be issued out of trust when the Company deems it appropriate to issue Class B shares of common stock for these purchases. 
 On October 12, 2018, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to 3 officers and directors of the Company pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted on March 3, 2015 with an exercise price of per share. The shares were issued from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares. At July 31, 2020, the proceeds receivable upon the exercise of the options had yet to be received and was recorded as stock subscriptions receivable. 
 On October 12, 2018, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to 6 officers and directors of the Company pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted on November 1, 2016 with an exercise price of per share. The shares were issued from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares. At July 31, 2020, the proceeds receivable upon the exercise of the options had yet to be received and was recorded as stock subscriptions receivable. 
 On October 12, 2018, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to a consultant of the Company pursuant to subscription agreement entered on February 7, 2018. The shares were issued from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares. At July 31, 2020, the of proceeds receivable for the sale of the shares had yet to be received and was recorded as stock subscriptions receivable. 
 On October 12, 2018, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to a consultant of the Company pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted on October 11, 2018 with an exercise price of per share. The shares were issued from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares. At July 31, 2020, the proceeds receivable upon the exercise of the options had yet to be received and was recorded as stock subscriptions receivable. 
 October 12, 2018, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to two officers and directors of the Company pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted on August 30, 2018 with an exercise price of per share. The shares were issued from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares. At July 31, 2020, the proceeds receivable upon the exercise of the options had yet to be received and was recorded as stock subscriptions receivable. 
 On November 5, 2018, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock with a fair value of to two officers and directors of the Company for services pursuant to directorship agreements dated August 30, 2018. The shares were issued from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares. The shares vest per year for . During the period ended July 31, 2020, the Company recorded (2019 - for the vested portion of the shares, leaving of unvested compensation expense to be recognized in future periods. 
 On January 10, 2019 the Company issued Class B common shares with a fair value of from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares and Class B common shares with a fair value of from the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares for services rendered. 
 On January 10, 2019 the Company issued Class B common shares from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares to a Director for shares he should have received during a stock split. 
 On January 10, 2019 the Company transferred Class B common shares from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares to the Ameri Metro North American Pension/HSRF Statutory Trust for future employee benefit programs. 
 On January 10, 2019 the Company transferred Class B common shares from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares to the Ameri Metro Universal Pension/HSRF Statutory Trust for future employee benefit programs. 
 On January 10, 2019 the Company transferred Class B common shares from the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares to the Ameri Metro North American Pension/HSRF Statutory Trust for future employee benefit programs. 
 
 59 

Index 

 On January 10, 2019 the Company transferred Class B common shares from the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares to the Ameri Metro Universal Pension/HSRF Statutory Trust for future employee benefit programs. 
 On January 10, 2019 the Company issued Class B common shares from the Ameri Metro Inc. Trust reserved shares to the Ameri Metro North American Pension/HSRF Statutory Trust for future employee benefit programs. 
 On January 10, 2019 the Company issued Class B common shares from the Ameri Metro Inc. Trust reserved shares to the Ameri Metro Universal Pension/HSRF Statutory Trust for future employee benefit programs. 
 On June 17, 2019, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to an officer and director of the Company pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted on November 1, 2016 with an exercise price of per share. The shares were issued from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares. At July 31, 2020, the proceeds receivable upon the exercise of the options had yet to be received and was recorded as stock subscriptions receivable. 
 On June 29, 2019, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock with a fair value of from the 2015 Incentive Plan to acquire ownership interest in 16 related entities and shares of Class B common stock with a fair value of from the 2015 Incentive Plan to acquire participating profits interest in the Portus de Jewel project. 
 On July 12, 2019, the Company reserved an additional Class B shares of common stock in the name of Ameri Metro, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. The shares are being administered by HSRF Statutory Trust on behalf of the Company. Upon exercise of stock options granted pursuant to the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, HSRF Statutory Trust will issue the relevant employee, director or consultant shares from trust. 
 On December 15, 2019, the Company issued a stock dividend of shares of Class C common stock from the Ameri Metro, Inc. Trust reserved shares. 
 On January 7, 2020, the Company increased the voting rights of its Class A common stock from 1000:1 to . 
 On January 7, 2020, the Company increased the number of authorized shares of its Class B common stock to shares. 
 On January 7, 2020, the Company created 40 series of Class C common stock for the purpose of equity participation in forty infrastructure projects. The Company increased the number of authorized shares of its Class C common stock to shares, of which shares are allocated evenly to the 40 series. 
 On January 7, 2020, the Company created 40 series of Class D common stock for the purpose of equity participation in forty infrastructure projects. The Company increased the number of authorized shares of its Class D common stock to shares, of which shares are allocated evenly to the 40 series. 
 On January 13, 2020, the Company issued shares with a fair value of from the 2015 Incentive Plan to acquire ownership interest in a related entity. 
 On January 15, 2020, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to 2 officers and directors of the Company pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted on March 3, 2015 with an amended exercise price of . The shares were issued from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares. At July 31, 2020, the proceeds receivable upon the exercise of the options had yet to be received and was recorded as stock subscriptions receivable. 
 On January 15, 2020, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to 7 officers and directors of the Company pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted on November 1, 2016 with an amended exercise price of . The shares were issued from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares. At July 31, 2020, the proceeds receivable upon the exercise of the options had yet to be received and was recorded as stock subscriptions receivable. 
 On January 15, 2020, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to 2 officers and directors of the Company pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted on August 30, 2018 with an amended exercise price of . The shares were issued from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares. At July 31, 2020, the proceeds receivable upon the exercise of the options had yet to be received and was recorded as stock subscriptions receivable. 
 On January 18, 2020, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to a director of the Company pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted on January 18, 2020 with an exercise price of . The shares were issued from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares. At July 31, 2020, the proceeds receivable upon the exercise of the options had yet to be received and was recorded as stock subscriptions receivable. 
 On January 31, 2020, the Company declared a stock dividend to all shareholders of Class B common stock as of July 31, 2019 at par and recorded a dividend payable of for shares to be issued. On March 30, 2020, the Company issued shares for the stock dividend. As part of its stock dividend, on March 30, 2020, the Company issued shares to the Ameri Metro, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan; to the Ameri Metro, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan; to the Ameri Metro, Inc. Trust; to the Ameri Metro North American Pension Plan; and to the Ameri Metro Universal Pension Plan. The shares are being administered by HSRF Statutory Trust. 
 
 60 

Index 

 On February 14, 2020, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company upon the exercise of stock options granted on January 14, 2020 with exercise prices ranging from to . At July 31, 2020, the proceeds receivable upon the exercise of the options had yet to be received and was recorded as stock subscriptions receivable. 
 On February 18, 2020, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock with a fair value of to the Company s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to the amendment to his employment agreement dated January 5, 2020. 
 On February 18, 2020, the Company issued shares of Class C common stock with a fair value of to acquire of Susquehanna Mortgage Bankers Corp. (formerly Global Infrastructure SP Bankers). 
 On March 11, 2020, the Company reinstated shares of Class B common stock rescinded during the year ended July 31, 2013. The 11,292,240 shares of Class B common stock were originally issued to a related party as a deposit on a future development. In connection with 11,292,240 shares reinstated, on July 6, 2020, the Company issued shares of Class C common stock in lieu of Class B common stock to fulfill a prior stock split and shares of Class C common stock in lieu of Class B common stock pursuant to the stock dividend declared on January 31, 2020. 
 On March 23, 2020, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to a director of the Company pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted on January 18, 2020 with an exercise price of . The shares were issued from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares. At July 31, 2020, the proceeds receivable upon the exercise of the options had yet to be received and was recorded as stock subscriptions receivable. 
 On May 26, 2020, the Company issued shares of Class A common stock, shares of Class B common stock, and shares of Class C common stock pursuant to the amended employment agreement entered with the Chief Executive Officer of the Company on October 2, 2014. See Note 6. In relation to this issuance, the Company issued an additional shares of Class B common stock to the CEO pursuant to the stock dividend declared on January 31, 2020 as the Company owed these shares since April 3, 2015, the amendment date of the employment agreement. 
 On May 29, 2020, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock at per share from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan reserved shares to 12 directors and officers of the Company, of which proceeds is recorded as stock subscription receivable as at July 31, 2020. 
 On July 1, 2020, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock with a fair value of to acquire ownership interest in 1 related entity. and respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 On March 8, 2016, the Company granted stock options to 4 officers and directors of the Company, exercisable at per share. The options vest according to the following schedule: options vest immediately and vest annually for the next 6 years. The weighted average grant date fair value of stock options granted was per share. On June 12, 2019, the Company amended the vesting terms through a Directors Resolution so that the remaining unvested options will vest on November 1 instead of March 8 of each subsequent year. On January 5, 2020, the Company amended the vesting terms of the remaining 2,400,000 options and the vesting date was changed to August 30 of each subsequent year. The Company also modified the exercise price of options to per share. The exercise price of the other outstanding option was not changed. The modification did not result in any incremental compensation cost and therefore the stock-based compensation for the unvested portion of the modified options will be recognized based on the original fair value. 
 On November 1, 2016, the Company granted stock options to 7 officers and directors of the Company, exercisable at per share. The options vest according to the following schedule: options vest immediately and vest annually for the next 6 years. On June 12, 2019, the Company amended the vesting terms through a Directors Resolution so that options originally vesting on November 1, 2018 are to be vested on October 12, 2018. On October 12, 2018, shares were issued upon exercise of the stock options. The weighted average grant date fair value of stock options granted was per share. On January 5, 2020, the Company amended the vesting terms of the remaining options and the vesting date was changed to August 30 of each subsequent year. Furthermore, the exercise price was amended to per share for all options vesting on or after August 30, 2019. The modification did not result in any incremental compensation cost and therefore the stock-based compensation for the unvested portion of the modified options will be recognized based on the original fair value. 
 
 61 

Index 

 On February 7, 2018, the Company granted stock options to a consultant of the Company, exercisable at various prices per share. The exercise prices are as follows: options at per share, options at per share, options at per share, options at per share, options at per share, options at per share. On June 12, 2019, the Company amended the vesting terms so that all options vested by October 12, 2018. On October 12, 2018, shares that vested pursuant to the amendment were issued. 
 On August 30, 2018, the Company granted stock options to two officers and directors of the Company, exercisable at per share. The options vest according to the following schedule: options vest immediately, and vest annually for the next 6 years. The weighted average grant date fair value of stock options granted was per share. On January 5, 2020, the exercise price was amended to per share for all options vesting on or after August 30, 2019. The modification did not result in any incremental compensation cost and therefore the stock-based compensation for the unvested portion of the modified options will be recognized based on the original fair value. 
 On August 30, 2018, the Company granted stock options to a consultant of the Company, exercisable at per share. The options vest according to the following schedule: options vest immediately, and vest annually for the next 6 years. On October 11, 2018, the Company issued shares upon the exercise of stock option. The weighted average grant date fair value of stock options granted was per share. On January 5, 2020, the exercise price was amended to per share for all options vesting on or after August 30, 2019. The modification did not result in any incremental compensation cost and therefore the stock-based compensation for the unvested portion of the modified options will be recognized based on the original fair value. 
 On June 12, 2019, the Company amended Equity Incentive Plans, Subscription Agreements and Equity Agreements so that options issued after June 12, 2019 would have a strike price equal to the market price at that grant date. 
 On January 14, 2020, the Company issued options to Penndel Land Company, a company owned by Company Founder, for of loans and accrued interest owed to the Company s Founder as at December 31, 2019. These options are exercisable at various prices per share. The exercise prices are as follows: options at per share, options at per share, options at per share, options at per share, options at per share, options at per share. On February 14, 2020, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock upon the exercise of stock options. 
 On January 18, 2020, the Company granted stock options to a director of the Company, exercisable at per share. The options vest according to the following schedule: options vest immediately, options vest on August 30, 2020, options vest on August 30, 2021, and options vest on August 30, 2022. The exercise price of the options vesting on August 30, 2020, 2021 and 2022 are subject to re-set. 
 
 Total Shares 

Total Options Issued 

Total Options Exercisable 

Total Shares and Options Outstanding 

Total Shares and Options Exercisable 

62 

Index 

Granted 

Outstanding, July 31, 2020 

Exercisable, July 31, 2020 

Outstanding, July 31, 2020 

Granted 

Outstanding, July 31, 2021 

Exercisable, July 31, 2021 

All Officer and Director Stock Options and Share Based Compensation are fully vested. The only shares that are not fully vested are the WSMG advisory stock options as they are contingent upon the Company listing on the NYSE and NASDAQ. 
 
 Time to Maturity (in years) (t) 

Annual Risk Free Rate (r) 

Annualized Volatility ) 

At July 31, 2021 and 2020, there was 0 and of unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements granted under the Plan. There was 0 intrinsic value associated with the outstanding stock options at July 31, 2021 and 2020. shares of Class B common stock to acquire ownership interest in 15 of the 16 entities. On January 13, 2020, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to acquire ownership interest in 1 of the 16 entities. 
 On February 20, 2020, the Company issued shares of Original Class C common stock to acquire ownership interest in a related entity, Susquehanna Mortgage Bankers Corp Susquehanna ). On September 18, 2020, the Company issued shares of Original Class C common stock to acquire an additional ownership interest in Susquehanna. 
 On July 1, 2020, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to acquire ownership interest in a related entity, Natural Resources Inc. 
 On July 31, 2020, the Company amended the Opportunity License Agreement it entered on June 25, 2019 for the acquisition of participating profit interest in the Portus de Jewel project. Pursuant to the amendment, the consideration of shares of Class B common stock also includes the acquisition of of Dutch East India Logistics, Co, the developer of the Portus de Jewel project. 
 
 63 

Index 

 At July 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded an impairment of 0 and which are included in general and administrative expense. 
 On December 27, 2012, the Company entered into a memorandum of understanding MOU with Jewel s Real Estate 1086 Master LLP, a company owned by the Founder of the Company, to acquire certain development rights of the Portus De-Jewel Mexico project. The Company agreed to issue shares of Class B common stock as deposit towards the purchase price. The full purchase price for this project will be determined at a future date. During the year ended July 31, 2013 the Company issued shares of common stock as the deposit for the project. At July 31, 2013 the value of the deposit was determined to be not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. An impairment loss of was recorded. The shares were rescinded during the year ended July 31, 2014. On March 11, 2020, the Company reinstated the shares of Class B common stock. On July 6, 2020, the Company issued an additional shares of Class C common stock in lieu of Class B common stock to fulfill a prior and shares of Class C common stock in lieu of Class B common stock pursuant to the stock dividend declared on January 31, 2020. 
 
 64 

Index 

 Employee Agreements 
 The Company has entered into an employment agreement with the former Chief Executive Officer, Debra Mathias with an effective date of April 21, 2014. The term of the employment agreement was , with an annual base salary of . On April 21, 2017, the agreement was extended to . On October 13, 2020, Deborah Mathias resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective October 27, 2020. The Company Founder, Mr. Shah Mathias, became the new CEO of the Company on October 27, 2020. 
 The Company has signed an employment agreement with Mr. Shah Mathias, Company Founder, for the Head of Mergers and Acquisitions and Business Development, and as non-board member President, with an effective date of October 2, 2014. The term of the employment agreement is years, with an annual base salary of and ten percent of any revenue producing contract entered into by the Company while the Company Founder is in office, while holding any position under any title, and five percent of any such revenue producing contract afterward, for the benefit of the Company Founder or his estate, for a period of twenty (20) years. The Company Founder is also eligible to earn an annual bonus award of up to of the annual base salary. of all authorized stock capitalization and, instead, agreed to issue Mr. Shah Mathias a total of of Class A and Class B shares of common stock, and of Class C and D shares of common stock at the time of the amendment.. Effective September 1, 2019, the Company Founder s annual base salary is increased to . On January 5, 2020, the Company amended the employment agreement. Pursuant to the amendment, the Company Founder shall be entitled to receive shares of the Company s Class B common stock equal to of the authorized number of shares or shares. At no other time in the future will the Founder receive any additional shares of any class, other than additional shares resulting from future stock splits or granted by the Board of Directors. 
 The Company has entered into an employment agreement with the Chief Engineer with an effective date of December 3, 2014. The term of the employment agreement is , with an annual base salary of . The Chief Engineer is also entitled to shares of Class B common stock as a signing bonus. On December 30, 2014, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to the Chief Engineer. 
 The Company has entered into a directorship agreement with a Director of the Company with an effective date of June 30, 2015. The initial term of the directorship agreement is , with an annual base salary of . The director is also entitled to shares of Class B common stock. On July 24, 2015, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to the director. On March 17, 2016, the term of the agreement was extended to . 
 The Company entered into an employment agreement with the Chief General Counsel with an effective date of August 4, 2015. The term of the employment agreement is years, with an annual base of . On March 17, 2016, the term of the agreement was extended to . 
 The Company entered into thirteen directorship agreements with thirteen Directors of the Company. The initial term of the directorship agreements is , with an annual base salary of . Each of the thirteen directors is also entitled to shares of Class B common stock. On March 17, 2016, the term of the agreements was extended to . 
 On October 19, 2016, the Company appointed three individuals as Directors of the Company and the Audit Committee. Effective November 1, 2016, the annual compensation for each of the individuals is . 
 The Company has entered into an employment agreement with the President of the Company with an effective date of November 1, 2016. The term of the employment agreement is , with an annual base salary of . 
 The Company has entered into an employment agreement with the Chief Risk Officer of the Company with an effective date of November 1, 2016. The term of the employment agreement is , with an annual base salary of . 
 The Company has entered into an employment agreement with the Vice CEO of the Company with an effective date of November 1, 2016. The term of the employment agreement is , with an annual base salary of . 
 The Company has entered into an employment agreement with the Treasurer of the Company with an effective date of November 1, 2016. The term of the employment agreement is , with an annual base salary of . 
 The Company has entered into an employment agreement with the Non-Executive General Manager of the Company with an effective date of November 1, 2016. The term of the employment agreement is , with an annual base salary of . 
 The Company has entered into an employment agreement with the Chief Operations Officer of the Company with an effective date of August 30, 2018. The term of the employment agreement is , with an annual base salary of . Effective September 1, 2019, the Chief Operations Officer s annual base salary is increased to . 
 
 65 

Index 

 The Company has entered into an employment agreement with the Chief Financial Officer of the Company with an effective date of August 30, 2018. The term of the employment agreement is , with an annual base salary of . Effective September 1, 2019, the Chief Financial Officer s annual base salary is increased to . 
 As of July 31, 2021, and 2020, total accrued compensation expenses to related parties related to the above employment agreements were As of July 31, 2021, (2020 - ). At July 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company has accrued payroll taxes of and , respectively, related to the accrued compensation expenses. 
 Operating Lease 
 On April 30, 2014, the Company terminated its existing office space lease, and entered into a new month-to-month rent agreement for office space. The new agreement which commenced on November 1, 2015, calls for monthly rent payments of . The terminated lease agreement has not been resolved as to payment of existing amounts due or as to any early termination fees. According to the lease agreement, the Company s unpaid rental balance shall bear interest until paid at a rate equal to the prime rate of interest charged by the M T Bank, plus percent. Late payment charge is per day beginning with the first day following the due date. As of July 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded unpaid rent expense of , respectively, and accrued interest and late fee of , respectively. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 On September 14, 2017, the Company received a letter from Zimmerman Associates, on behalf of J. Harold Hatchett, III and Ronald Silberstein, claiming breach of contract, wrongful termination, and wrongful violations of the Business Corporations Act, and knowingly inaccurate SEC Reporting against the Company and the board of directors. The Company plans to work amicably to come to a settlement. As of July 31, 2021 the Company has accrued and in salaries for J. Harold Hatchett III and Ronald Silberstein, respectively. 
 The Company received a lawsuit on June 13, 2017 by Estate of Robert A. Berry Esq. (decedent, Oct 22, 2015), plaintiff (the Plaintiff Estate ). The Plaintiff Estate asserted a claim for and common class B shares of the Company relating to shares and accrued stipend beginning 2015. The Company, in 2015, had previously booked the liability of without interest accruing and issued the shares of common class B stock of the Company to decedent Robert A. Berry Esq. The Company anticipates paying the when the Company raises capital. 
 Memorandum of Understanding 
 On September 30, 2018, the Company entered into a memorandum of understanding MOU to purchase of Air Cyprus Aviation Limited (ACA) in exchange for . An amendment to the MOU was signed to cause the MOU to become binding which is subject to government regulatory approval. On July 6, 2020, the MOU was assigned to Ann Charles International Airport, Inc., a related entity of which the Company acquired ownership interest on September 18, 2020. , from . A blended rate of is utilized for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company will continue to monitor additional guidance issued by the U.S. Treasury Department, the IRS, and other standard-setting bodies, so we may make adjustments to the provisional amounts (if any). However, management s opinion is that future adjustments due to the 2017 Tax Reform should not have a material impact on the Company s provision for income taxes. The items accounting for the difference between income taxes computed at the statutory rate and the provision for income taxes consisted of the following for the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively: 
 
 66 

Index 

For the Year Ended July 31 

2021 
 
 2020 
 Current 

Federal 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 State 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 Deferred 

Federal 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 State 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 Valuation Allowance 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Income Tax Provision 
 
 - 
 
 - 

State tax expense, net of Federal benefits 

Other 

Income Tax Provision 

- 
 
 - 
 Net Operating Loss Carry Forwards (estimated) 

Total Deferred Tax Assets 

Valuation Allowance 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

- 
 
 - 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Deferred State Taxes 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Deferred Taxes 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 The Company has not filed its federal and state tax returns for the year ended July 31, 2021 and has filed the returns for the year ended July 31, 2020. The net operating losses NOLs for these years will not be available to reduce future taxable income until the returns are filed. Assuming these returns are filed, as of July 31, 2021 the Company had approximately million (2020 - million) of federal and state net operating losses that may be available to offset future taxable income In assessing the realizability of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We consider the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets, the level of historical taxable income and tax planning strategies in making the assessment of the realizability of deferred tax assets. We have identified the U.S. federal and Pennsylvania as our major tax jurisdiction. With limited exceptions, we remain subject to IRS examination of our income tax returns filed within the last three (3) years, and to Pennsylvania Franchise Tax Board examination of our income tax returns filed within the last four (4) years. 
 
 67 

Index 

 As a result of the implementation of ASC 740, we recognized no material adjustment to unrecognized tax benefits, which were consistent with our calculations of deferred tax assets and liabilities. We will continue to classify income tax penalties and interest, if any, as part of interest and other expenses in our statements of operations. We have incurred no interest or penalties as of July 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 68 

ITEM 9. CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

 There are not and have not been any disagreements between
the Company and its accountants on any matter of accounting principles, practices or financial statement disclosure. 

 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 Pursuant to Rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange
Commission. The Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures
pursuant to Exchange Act Rules. This evaluation was done as of the end of the fiscal year under the supervision and with the participation
of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. There have been no significant changes in internal controls
or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to the date of the evaluation. Based upon that evaluation,
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer believe that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are not effective
in gathering, analyzing and disclosing information needed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in its
periodic reports is recorded, summarized and processed due to material weaknesses identified. 

 Management s
Report of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 The Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company s
chief financial officer conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting
as of July 31, 2021, based on the criteria establish in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (2013). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as of July 31, 2021, based on those criteria. The Company s management has identified material weaknesses
in its internal control over financial reporting related to the following matters: 

A lack of sufficient segregation of duties within members of
 its accounting staff dedicated to financial reporting functions so that all journal entries and account reconciliations are reviewed by
 someone other than the preparer, heightening the risk of error or fraud. 

A lack of sufficient personnel in the accounting function due
 to the Company s limited resources with appropriate skills, training and experience to perform certain tasks as it relates to financial
 reporting. 

The Company s plan to remediate those material
weaknesses remaining is as follows: 

 Improve the effectiveness of the accounting group by
continuing to augment existing resources with additional consultants or employees to improve segregation procedures and to assist in the
analysis and recording of complex accounting transactions. The Company plans to mitigate the segregation of duties issues by hiring additional
personnel in the accounting department once it generates significantly more revenue or raises significant additional working capital. 

 Improve segregation procedures by strengthening cross
approval of various functions including quarterly internal audit procedures where appropriate. 

 The Company is not currently required to have an attestation
report on the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting issued by the independent registered public accounting firm. 

 Changes in
Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

 There have been no significant changes to the
Company s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter of the year ended July 31, 2021,
that materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

69 

PART III 

 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Directors and Executive Officers 

 The following table sets forth information regarding the members of the
Company s board of directors and its executive officers as of October 27, 2021: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 Commencement
 Date 
 
 Debra
 Mathias 
 63 
 Director 
 21-Apr-14 
 
 Shah Mathias 
 62 
 Chief Executive
 Officer 
 27-Oct-20 
 
 James Becker 
 62 
 Director,
 President 
 2-Oct-14 
 
 Steve Trout 
 65 
 Director,
 Secretary/Treasurer 
 12-Jun-12 
 
 Shahjahan
 C. Mathias 
 55 
 Director 
 12-Jun-12 
 
 Donald
 E. Nick Williams, Jr. 
 64 
 Director 
 12-Jun-12 
 
 Keith A.
 Doyle 
 65 
 Director 
 12-Jun-12 
 
 Robert
 Todd Reynold 
 60 
 Director 
 29-May-14 
 
 Suhail
 Matthias 
 63 
 Director 
 1-Sep-12 
 
 James Kingsborough 
 65 
 Director 
 19-May-14 
 
 John Thompson 
 75 
 Director,
 General Counsel 
 4-Aug-15 
 
 Robert
 Choiniere 
 66 
 Director,
 CFO 
 30-Aug-18 
 
 Bryan Elicker 
 62 
 Director,
 COO 
 30-Aug-18 
 
 Joseph
 Silbaugh 
 73 
 Director
 (Independent) 
 30-Aug-18 
 
 Kevin Eisenhart 
 42 
 Director
 (Independent) 
 25-Aug-21 
 
 Kurt Bauer 
 67 
 Director (Independent) 
 30-Aug-18 

70 

Soon after their appointment each director receives
4,000,000 post-split shares of stock for any past, current and future service to the Company if the individual became a director of the
Company prior to the effective date of the 4:1 stock split. Subsequent to the effective date of the 4:1 stock split, each director
(excluding Independent Directors) receives 1,000,000 post-split shares of stock. Mr. Shah Mathias received additional shares for
service to the Company. The shares have no stated value. 

Business Experience 

 Shah Mathias, Chief Executive Officer, Founder
/ Head of Merger Acquisitions and New Business Development; and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr. Mathias is the founder of
Ameri Metro, Inc. He has served as the Company s Head of Mergers and Acquisitions over the past five years, formulating much of
the Company s current business structure. Given his extensive experience in real estate and property development, he also continues
to serve as Head of Business Development for the Company. In that capacity Mr. Mathias has negotiated complex agreements with private
entities, regional and State authorities including foreign ministries of transportation and of the interior. These agreements center on
transportation, critical infrastructure, natural resource and real estate development projects in the United States; Mexico; Europe; Africa;
Asia and the Caribbean region. Mr. Mathias received his education at Penn State Institute of Technology. 

Debra A Mathias: Former Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman. Currently, a Director. Ms. Mathias has worked along with Mr. Mathias since 1986 and had held key executive positions in
several of the companies over the years, including Mortgage-Banking, Civil Engineering, Title insurance company Land Development Company,
Administrative and Regulatory compliance department. Since 2010. 

James Becker , President and a Director. Mr.
Becker is an experienced entrepreneur in the Pennsylvania area. In 1990, Mr. Becker purchased a partnership in a family style restaurant
and in 1992 bought out his partner and added additional seating capacity. In 1997, he purchased a second restaurant and later sold both.
In 2004, Mr. Becker became Vice President of Sales for Yorktowne Casket Company, a 14 state independent casket distributor company, where
he managed the 34 sales representatives and oversaw its continued sales force. In 2007, Yorktowne Casket was sold to Matthews International.
 Mr. Becker currently serves as a Regional Sales Manager for Matthews International where he manages an eight member sales force
and personal accounts totaling 21 million in annual sales. Mr. Becker brings his business knowledge and financial and personnel
management skills to the Company. 

Steve Trout, Secretary/Treasurer and a director.
Mr. Trout has extensive experience in sales and marketing. Since 1997, he has handled all inside sales for Military and Commercial Fasteners
Corporation, York, Pennsylvania. Prior to his employment with that company, Mr. Trout served as sales representative to several companies
including MetLife and Dauphin Electric Supplies Co., both in Pennsylvania. Through his career Mr. Trout, has held account responsibility
for over one hundred industrial accounts and increased sales to assigned industrial accounts substantially; prospected for and added new
accounts and planned sales strategies for target accounts. Mr. Trout served as vice-chairman of Customer Service Committee, evaluated
suggestions from coworkers and customers, created customer service survey and conducted interviews, compiled survey results and presented
proposed improvements to company management. Mr. Trout received his M.B.A. degree from Syracuse University and his Bachelor of Business
Administration from Pennsylvania State University. Mr. Trout s business education and business experience provide the Company
with a depth of expertise and business skills. 

Shahjahan C. Chuck Mathias, Executive
Vice President and a director. Mr. Chuck Mathias is a recognized authority in the marketing of electrical utility power backup systems,
with a long history of working with nuclear power generation facilities, communications companies, large data centers and manufacturers
of Uninterruptible Power Systems (UPS). Currently the Director of OEM Sales for C D Technologies, he is responsible for having secured
a 27 million contract with the government for the Minuteman Missile Launch System and increasing sales from 69 million to 83 million
in a single 15-month period. In his earlier position as Utility Marketing Manager for Exide Corporation/EnerSys, Mr. Mathias was the Team
Leader supporting government contract interface with the Air Force and the FAA. For the past five years, Mr. Mathias has worked in the
sale and marketing design for power back up systems on an as needed basis. Mr. Chuck Mathias is the brother of Shah Mathias, Founder
of the Company. Mr. Mathias brings to the Company is knowledgeable and experienced with procuring government contracts, developing
business strategies and working on complex and detailed projects. 

Donald E. Nick Williams, Jr. ,
a director. Mr. Williams has over 30 years of experience in Radiological Engineering, Environmental Safety and Health, Physics and Hazardous
Material Management for both government and private industry in the U.S. and internationally. Mr. Williams holds a Bachelor of Science
degree in biology from Providence College and a Master of Science degree in Radiological Sciences from the University of Massachusetts-Lowell.
Over the first 10 years of his career in the nuclear industry, Mr. Williams work was centered in the areas of power reactor construction,
operation, and maintenance. Over the last 20 years, his focus has turned to decommissioning major power reactors and nuclear weapons complex
facilities in the United States and abroad. These tasks involved the safe handling, packaging, and disposal of large quantities of radioactive
and hazardous materials in accordance with 

71 

stringent U.S. and international standards to ensure
public and workforce safety. Mr. Williams has been a consultant to many utility companies (e.g. Exelon, Pacific Gas Electric, British
Nuclear), architect-engineers (e.g. Shaw, Westinghouse, CH2Mhill), and government agencies (DOE, DOD). He
was the owner of a private nuclear consulting firm with over 130 employees for 10 years, and currently holds the position of Director
of Radiological Engineering for a large western U.S. company. Mr. Williams provides the Company with a strong background in regulatory
compliance, government contracts and public health and safety. Mr. Williams will be instrumental in assisting in the development
of the railroad and highway projects and dealing with environmental and waste issues. 

Keith A. Doyle, a director. Since 1995,
Mr. Doyle has served as CEO and President of The Doyle Group, LTD, York, Pennsylvania, an unfranchised development company. From
1983 to 1995, Mr. Doyle was a realtor in York County, Pennsylvania, was a multi-million dollar producer and served as President of the
Board of Realtors of York County, Pennsylvania. 

Suhail Matthias , a director. Mr. Matthias is
the founder and CEO of Diamond Carriages, Ltd., a chauffeuring company started with a single taxi in 2002 and developed into a limousine
service in Central London. Diamond Carriages is now listed among the top five limousine services by the popular United Kingdom reference
site Zettai. 

James D. Kingsborough, a director. Mr. Kingsborough
is a graduate of Shippensburg University BSBA degree, majored in marketing, and graduated 1979. He worked for several roofing companies
with responsibilities ranging from technical, to architectural calls, to sales representative. In 1991 he started Kingsborough Associates,
an independent sales organization representing several manufacturers. Over the years he became partner in Division 7 Roof Spec.
He later helped start and was partner in Exterior Building Solutions LLC. Mr. Kingsborough currently continues to operate Kingsborough
 Associates, a business representing several companies in the building and construction industry. Mr. Kingsborough is also
a partner in Business Airport of Carlisle, Inc. The Carlisle Airport is a private owned, public use airport with about 60 based
aircraft. He also a board member on the Pennsylvania State Transportation Commission. 

Robert Todd Reynold, a director. Mr. Reynold
has over 33 years experience as an entrepreneur. Over the first fifteen years, Mr. Reynold successfully built a real estate
construction company in the residential and commercial market place, with sales totaling more than 2 million dollars. He then purchased
a site excavation and paving Construction Company performing work in new road construction, private and government projects. During
the last 18 years, Mr. Reynold successfully built a national sales organization in the insurance market place covering 38 states successfully
writing over 15 million in premium. He also has experience guiding large private and public firms in the setting up of Captive
Insurance programs for their benefit. 

Honorable Judge John W. Thompson, General Counsel
and a director. Mr. Thompson is a judge on the York County Court of Common Pleas in York County, Pennsylvania. He was elected to
the court in 1997 and was retained in 2007 for 10-year term, expiring in 2017. Mr. Thompson retired before the end of his last term
on May 31, 2015. Mr. Thompson received both his undergraduate and J.D. degrees from the University of Pittsburgh. 

Robert Choiniere, CFP , Chief Financial
Officer and a director. Mr. Choiniere was President of the Audit Committee before his appointment as CFO in 2018. Mr. Choiniere
is a Certified Financial Planner Professional . In 2005 he founded an independent Registered Investment Advisor firm headquartered
in Pennsylvania. Previously he was Director of Planning for a national transportation engineering firm, specializing in project
planning and financial feasibility for major transportation projects. Mr. Choiniere is a NAPFA-Registered Financial Advisor, is
a member of the National Association of Tax Professionals, and a 1978 graduate of Florida Institute of Technology. 

 Bryan Elicker, Chief Operations Officer
and a director. Mr. Elicker was a member of the Audit Committee before his appointment as COO in 2018. He spent 30+ years
in the funeral supply industry beginning in the factory at York Casket Company in York, PA. He eventually became a principal of York Casket s
biggest distributor a multi-location, York, PA based company servicing the entire Northeastern part of the United States.
 Bryan now holds the position of Chief Operating Officer at BAPS Auto Paint Supply based in York, PA. BAPS is a family-owned,
regional distributor of PPG 3M products servicing the auto collision industry with locations from Virginia to Massachusetts. BAPS
won the highly prestigious and coveted PPG Platinum Distributor of the Year Award in 2015 which is given to the premiere PPG distributor
in the United States. 

 Kevin
Eisenhart, CPA, MBA, MST, Chairman of the Audit Committee and an independent director. On August 25, 2021, Kevin Eisenhart became
Chairman of the Audit Committee, replacing Joseph Hackett. Mr. Eisenhart is a managing partner of Eisenhart Co. and received his
Masters in Taxation from Villanova University. Mr. Eisenhart specializes in the taxation of corporations, S corporations, and partnerships,
including issues surrounding multistate taxation and consolidated return matters. He works with complex entities that conduct business
across state lines and international borders. 

 Joseph Silbaugh II , Audit Committee member
and independent director. Joe Silbaugh graduated from Temple University in 1969 with a degree in Management. Through his 27-year military
career, he had many roles spanning the Viet Nam Theatre of Operations and the 

72 

Desert Shield and Desert Storm campaigns. He retired
from the Army as a Lieutenant Colonel. Joe currently serves as the President of First Capital Equities, Inc. and was previously the President
of Bank Realty, Inc. He has served on several bank advisory boards, including Mellon Bank, York Bank Trust, First Capital Bank,
and Farmers First. 

Kurt Bauer , Audit Committee member and
independent director. Kurt entered private chiropractic practice in 1979 with the opening of the Shrewsbury Chiropractic Health Centre.
He later opened a chain of six chiropractic offices located throughout Southcentral Pennsylvania. In 2009 he opened Leader Heights Healthcare,
a multi-disciplinary practice in York, PA. Kurt is an entrepreneur with past ownership in Mobility Independent Transportation Systems,
Fox Valley Travel, CleanWay Janitorial Services, Mulligan Net Company and Barclin Distribution Co. 

 None of the officers or directors of the Company has
been a convicted in a criminal proceeding or named in a pending criminal proceeding. 

Committees and Terms 

The Board of Directors (the Board established
an audit committee on October 19, 2016, to be effected November 1st 2016 consisting of three of its independent directors. The Company
will notify its shareholders for an annual shareholder meeting and that they may present proposals for inclusion in the Company s
proxy statement to be mailed in connection with any such annual meeting; such proposals must be received by the Company at least 90 days
prior to the meeting. No other specific policy has been adopted in regard to the inclusion of shareholder nominations to the Board of
Directors. 

Director Independence 

Pursuant to Rule 4200 of The NASDAQ Stock Market
one of the definitions of an independent director is a person other than an executive officer or employee of a company. The Company's
board of directors has reviewed the materiality of any relationship that each of the directors has with the Company, either directly or
indirectly. Based on this review, the board has determined they have three independent directors. 

 Corporate Governance 

Consists of twelve directors. At such time that the Company has a
larger board of directors and commences activities, the Company will propose creating committees of its board of directors. 

Conflicts of Interest 

There are no binding guidelines or procedures for
resolving potential conflicts of interest. Failure by management to resolve conflicts of interest in favor of the Company could result
in liability of management to the Company. However, any attempt by shareholders to enforce a liability of management to the Company
would most likely be prohibitively expensive and time consuming. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company has not at this time adopted a Code
of Ethics pursuant to rules described in Regulation S-K. The Company intends to adopt a Code of Ethics to provide a manner of conduct. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

No executive officer has received cash compensation
in the Company's fiscal year. The Company started accruing salaries and fees for certain employees, officers and directors in 2013. Prior
to 2013 there were no salaries accruing. The Company has also issued stock to employees for their consulting and professional services.
The Company will pay these employees, officers and directors accrued salaries upon Company shares trading on a major stock exchange. 

73 

Officer and Director
Compensation Table 

Stock
 awards 

Name
 and Title 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 # 
 
 Total 
 
 Shah
 Mathias 
 2019 
 1,200,000
 
 0
 
 -0- 
 0
 
 1,200,000

Chairman,
 CEO 
 2020 
 1,475,000
 
 0
 
 480,000,000
 (4) 
 120,000
 
 1,595,000

2021 
 337,500
 
 0
 
 800,000
 (1) 
 0
 
 337,500

Debra
 Mathias 
 2019 
 1,200,000
 
 0
 
 200,000(2) 
 19
 
 1,200,019

Director 
 2020 
 1,200,000
 
 0
 
 200,000(2) 
 19
 
 1,200,019

2021 
 337,500 
 0
 
 200,000(2) 
 19
 
 337,519

James
 Becker 
 2019 
 650,000
 
 0
 
 200,000(2) 
 19
 
 650,019

President
 and Director 
 2020 
 650,000
 
 0
 
 200,000(2) 
 19
 
 650,019

2021 
 400,000
 
 0
 
 200,000(2) 
 19
 
 400,019

Steve
 Trout 
 2019 
 600,000
 
 0
 
 200,000(2) 
 19
 
 600,019

Secretary/Trea
 surer and Director 
 2020 
 600,000
 
 0
 
 200,000(2) 
 19
 
 600,019

2021 
 375,000
 
 0
 
 200,000(2) 
 19
 
 375,019

Shahjahan
 Mathias 
 2019 
 750,000
 
 0
 
 200,000(2) 
 19
 
 750,019

Vice
 Chairman and Director 
 2020 
 750,000

200,000(2) 
 19
 
 750,019

2021 
 450,000
 
 0
 
 200,000(2) 
 19
 
 450,019

John
 Thompson 
 2019 
 500,000
 
 0
 
 200,000(3) 
 19
 
 500,019

Director/CLC 
 2020 
 500,000
 
 0
 
 200,000(3) 
 19
 
 500,019

2021 
 325,000
 
 0
 
 200,000(3) 
 19
 
 325,019

Robert
 Todd Reynold 
 2019 
 500,000
 
 0
 
 200,000(3) 
 19
 
 500,019

Director/CRO 
 2020 
 500,000
 
 0
 
 200,000(3) 
 19
 
 500,019

2021 
 325,000
 
 0
 
 200,000(3) 
 19
 
 325,019

Robert
 Choiniere 
 2019 
 351,113
 
 0
 
 800,000
 (5) 
 44
 
 351,157

Director/CFO 
 2020 
 375,000
 
 0
 
 200,000
 (5) 
 11
 
 375,011

2021 
 325,000
 
 0
 
 200,000
 (5) 
 11
 
 325,011

Bryan
 Elicker 
 2019 
 351,113
 
 0
 
 800,000
 (5) 
 44
 
 351,157

Director/COO 
 2020 
 389,583
 
 0
 
 200,000
 (5) 
 11
 
 389,594

2021 
 325,000
 
 0
 
 200,000
 (5) 
 11
 
 325,011

74 

(1) The Stock Options were issued out of treasury
to Shah Mathias for becoming the CEO. 

 (2) On November 1, 2016, the Company granted
a total of 14,000,000 stock options to 7 officers and directors of the Company, exercisable at 42 per share. The 14,000,000 options vest
according to the following schedule: 5,600,000 options vest immediately and 1,400,000 vest annually for the next 6 years. On June 12,
2019, the Company amended the vesting terms through a Directors Resolution so that 1,400,000 options originally vesting on November
1, 2018 are to be vested on October 12, 2018. On January 5, 2020, the Company amended the vesting terms of the remaining options and the
vesting date was changed to August 30 of each subsequent year. The board of directors determine the strike price of the options each year.
For the stock options issued on August 30, 2020, the price was determined to be 4,100. 

(3) On March 8, 2016, the Company granted a
total of 8,000,000 stock options to 4 officers and directors of the Company, exercisable at 42 per share. The 8,000,000 options vest
according to the following schedule: 3,200,000 options vest immediately and 800,000 vest annually for the next 6 years. On June 12, 2019,
the Company amended the vesting terms through a Directors Resolution so that the remaining 2,400,000 unvested options will vest
on November 1 instead of March 8 of each subsequent year. On January 5, 2020, the Company amended the vesting terms of the remaining options
and the vesting date was changed to August 30 of each subsequent year, where 200,000 options will vest each. The board of directors determine
the strike price of the options each year. For the stock options issued on August 30, 2020, the price was determined to be 4,100. 

(4) On February 18, 2020, the Company issued 480,000,000
shares of Class B common stock with a fair value of 120,000 to the Company s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to the amendment
to his employment agreement dated January 5, 2020. 

(5) On November 5, 2018, Robert Choiniere
and Bryan Elicker received 1,000,000 shares each fully vested in 2018 and were issued 800,000 options fully vested and then on each August
30 of each of six subsequent years are issued 200,000 fully vested stock options on August 30, with a strike price that is determined
by the board of directors annually. 

 The stock has been issued to the named employee without
consideration for such issue and without any conditions or restrictions. 

Shah Mathias will receive 10 of the face value of
all revenue contracts entered into by the Company. 

The Company has not paid any cash compensation to
any officer. The Company intends to pay annual salaries to all its officers and will pay an annual stipend to its directors as soon as
possible. The Company has signed employment agreements with the CEO, Founder, Head of Mergers and Acquisitions and Business Development,
non-board member of the Company who will receive compensation equal to 1,200,000 per annum plus stock awards, the Company is now accruing
compensation to its other key executive officers, including its Chief Financial Officer, compensation equal to 375,000 per annum plus
stock awards, Chief Operations Officer, compensation 425,000 per annum plus stock awards, Chief Legal Counsel and Chief Risk Officer,
compensation equal to 500,000 per annum plus stock awards. The Company will pay its officers their accrued salary at such time,
if ever when the Company completes its sufficient capital raise. The Company issues to certain directors for their service to the Company.
Although not presently offered, the Company anticipates that its officers and directors will be provided with a group health, vision and
dental insurance program. Effective September 1, 2019, the annual base salary for the Company Founder, Chief Financial Officer and
Chief Operations Officer was increased to 1,500,000, 500,000 and 500,000 respectively. The Company also accrues compensation to its
directors at 150,000 per annum, except certain independent directors which may receive compensation up to 120,000 per annum. The Board
of Directors froze the accrual of salaries effective January 31, 2021 for Directors, Officers and Audit Committee members. The table below
accounts for the total amounts accrued to year-end July 31, 2021 for the last three fiscal years: 

75 

Director Compensation 

The following table sets forth director compensation
for the last three fiscal years: 

Directors 

Name
 and Title 
 Year 
 Bonus 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Debra Mathias 
 2019 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 
 
 Director, former Chairman/CEO 
 2020 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 

2021 
 0
 
 75,000
 
 75,000

Shah Mathias 
 2019 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Chairman, CEO 
 2020 
 0 
 0 
 0 

2021 
 0 
 37,500 
 37,500 
 
 James Becker 
 2019 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 
 
 President and Director 
 2020 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 

2021 
 0
 
 75,000
 
 75,000

Steve Trout 
 2019 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 
 
 Secretary/Treasurer
 and Director 
 2020 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 

2021 
 0
 
 75,000
 
 75,000

Shahjahan Mathias 
 2019 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 
 
 Vice Chairman and Director 
 2020 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 

2021 
 0
 
 75,000
 
 75,000

Keith Doyle, 
 2019 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 
 
 Director 
 2020 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 

2021 
 0
 
 75,000
 
 75,000

Suhail Matthias, 
 2019 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 
 
 Director 
 2020 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 

2021 
 0
 
 75,000
 
 75,000

R. Todd Reynold, 
 2019 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 
 
 Director/CRO 
 2020 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 

2021 
 0
 
 75,000
 
 75,000

James Kingsborough 
 2019 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 
 
 Director 
 2020 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 

2021 
 0
 
 75,000
 
 75,000

John Thompson 
 2019 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 
 
 Director/CLC 
 2020 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 

2021 
 0
 
 75,000
 
 75,000

Donald E. Williams 
 2019 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 
 
 Director 
 2020 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 

2021 
 0
 
 75,000
 
 75,000

Robert Choiniere 
 2019 
 0 
 137.500 
 137,500 
 
 Director 
 2020 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 

2021 
 0
 
 75,000 
 75,000 
 
 Bryan Elicker 
 2019 
 0 
 137,500 
 137,500 
 
 Director 
 2020 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,00 

2021 
 0
 
 75,000 
 75,000 
 
 Tim Cahill 
 2019 
 0 
 150,000 
 150,000 

76 

Director (Non-Governing) 
 2020 
 0
 
 150,000
 
 150,000

2021 
 0
 
 75,000
 
 75,000

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information as of the
date of this report regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock by each of its executive officers and directors,
individually and as a group and by each person who beneficially owns in excess of five percent of the common stock after giving effect
to any exercise of warrants or options held by that person. 

Name
 and Position 
 Address 
 Shares Owned 
 
 Percent 
 of Class(1) 
 
 Shah Mathias,
 CEO, Founder, Head of Mergers and Acquisitions and Business Development, and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

2575 Eastern Blvd 
 York, PA 17402 
 279,384,240 
 6.51 

James Becker, Director, President 

85 Sheldon Dr 
 Red Lion, PA 17356 

11,800,000 (2) 

Steve Trout, Director, Secretary; Treasurer 

124 Nina Dr 
 York, PA 17402 

6,100,000(2) 

Shahjahan C Mathias, Director 
 
 124 Nina Dr 
 York, PA 17402 
 11,680,000(2) 

Donald Williams, Director 
 2405 Whitehass
 Circle Winter Park, FL 32792 
 9,600,000(2) 

Keith Doyle, Director 
 1755 St John's
 Church Rd Concord, NC 28025 
 11,055,110(2) 

Suhail Matthias, Director 
 
 Essex SS7 1QB 
 United Kingdom 
 5,840,000(2) 

Debra Mathias, Chief Executive
 Officer Director 
 
 1038 Woodridge Rd. 
 Red Lion, PA 17356 
 6,000,000(2) 

Robert Todd Reynold, Chief Risk
 Officer Director 
 
 515 Robert Daniel Dr. #1315 
 Charleston, SC 29492 
 11,299,450(2) 

John W Thompson Jr General Counsel
 Director 
 
 1760 Felton Road 
 Felton, PA 17322 
 5,280,000(4) 

James D Kingsborough, Director 
 
 6 Wellington Ct. 
 Carlisle, PA 17013 
 11,591,110(2) 

Robert
 Choiniere, Chief Financial Officer Director 
 
 709 Willowcrest Dr. 
 Gibsonia, PA 15044 
 4,265,110(3) 

Bryan Elicker, Chief Operations
 Officer Director 
 
 4770 Bull Rd. 
 Dover, PA 17315 
 4,255,110(3) 

Total
 Shares Officers/Directors 
 
 378,150,130 
 8.82 

Less than 1 

(1) Based on 4,289,637,844 shares of Class B common
stock outstanding as of the date of this Form 10-K, October 27, 2021. 

77 

(2) Directors have the ability to acquire up to 2,000,000
shares as referenced in the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, 1,600,000 shares were issued upon exercise of stock options. 

 (3) Directors have the ability to acquire up to 2,000,000
shares as referenced in the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, 1,200,000 shares were issued upon exercise of stock options. 

 (4) Director have the ability to acquire up to 2,000,000
shares as reference in the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan and 1,600,000 shares were issued upon exercise of stock options. 

78 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Steve Trout, Secretary/Treasurer and a director, is
the brother-in-law of Shah Mathias, CEO, Chairman, Founder, Head of Mergers and Acquisitions and Business Development, and non-board member
of the Company. Debra A. Mathias is the ex-wife of Shahjahan Mathias is the brother, and Suhail Matthias is the cousin, of Shah Mathias. 

Related Companies 

Shah Mathias has organized and established three nonprofit
corporations Hi Speed Rail Facilities Inc., Hi Speed Rail Facilities Provider Inc., and Global Transportation Infrastructure Development
and Finance Authority and was an independent consultant of a fourth nonprofit (ATFI) for the purpose of facilitating the development of
the transportation systems. ATFI, under legislation and Internal Revenue Service code section 63-20, is required to turn over assets to
the governmental sponsor upon bond defeasance. The three nonprofits other than ATFI have the discretion to turn over the infrastructure
projects to a state or governing body having jurisdiction after the indebtedness has been paid. The nonprofits that Mr. Mathias has created
are no. 2, no. 3, and no. 4 below: 

1) Alabama Toll Facilities, Inc. (ATFI) 

 2) Hi Speed Rail Facilities, Inc. (HSRF) 

 3) Hi Speed Rail Facilities Provider, Inc. (HSRFP) 

 4) Global Transportation Infrastructure Development
and Finance Authority 

The following information describes the contractual
relationships between the Company, the non-profits and related entities for different types of project packages: 

The Alabama Toll Road project: This project
was granted to ATFI a non-related entity, through legislation, the rights to construct a 357 mile toll road in the State of Alabama. Prior
to formation of the Company Mr. Mathias acting as CEO of Penndel Land Co. entered into contract to construct the ATFI roadway for fee.
(The financing will be implemented upon ATFI sponsoring a bond offering to raise capital to build the roadway.) Mr. Mathias as CEO of
Penndel Land Co. later assigned the construction contract with ATFI to Global Transportation and Infrastructure, Inc., a wholly owned
subsidiary of Ameri Metro for a fee. The Penndel Land Co. accepted and reserved unto itself all ancillary development along the Alabama
Toll Road project. The Penndel Land Co. later assigned the construction contracts to all future development that is ancillary to the toll
road, to one or more of the related entities that Mr. Mathias established, for fee of one dollar. Penndel Land Co. is 100 owned by Mr.
Mathias, the Company has no ownership of shares in this related entity. 

The related entity(s) are under contract with the
Company to act as Master General Contractor by way of Master Agreements for Construction for Related Entities to build out
the ancillary development for fee. The Company then will act according to its own business model to provide Master Construction Services
and Master Consulting Services working with one or more of the related non-profits for issuing of bonds and will work with well-established
construction management, engineer, architectural firms and established construction firms in the United States to build out the ancillary
development for the related entity(ies). Upon the debt being paid back in full the related entity will own the ancillary project. Under
certain Opportunities License Agreements and contracts with for profit related parties, the Company will be entitled to twenty five percent
of the profit sharing as part of the post construction revenue from business operations. The Company will also receive through Master
Consulting Agreements a fee from the bond proceeds for consulting for the related entity(ies). 

Private Entity projects other than ATFI , will
be negotiated and contracted by one or more of the related entity(s) who will then engage financing mechanism through one of the related
non-profits to build out the project. The related entity is under contract with the Company to act as Master General Contractor by way
of Master Agreements for Construction for Related Entities to build out the project for fee. The Company then will act according
to its own business model to provide Master Construction Services and Master Consulting Services working with one or more of the related
non-profits for funding and will work with well-established construction management, engineer, architectural firms and established construction
firms in the United States to build out the project for the related entity(s) State or Private Entity client. Upon the debt being paid
back in full the related entity will own the project in the case of a State project and it may or may not own the project in the case
of a private entity project. In all cases the related entity(s) will accept and reserve all ancillary development unto itself. The Company
then will act according to its own business model to provide Master Construction Services and Master Consulting Services working with
one or more of the related non-profits for funding and working with well-established construction management, engineer, architectural
firms and established construction firms in the United States to build out the ancillary development for the related entity(ies). Upon
the debt being paid back in full the related entity will own the ancillary project. Under certain Opportunities License Agreements and
contracts with for profit related parties, the Company will be entitled to twenty five percent of the profit sharing as part of the post
construction revenue from business operations. The Company will also receive through Master Consulting Agreements a fee
from the bond proceeds for consulting for the related entity(ies). 

79 

Shah Mathias, Founder, Head of Mergers and Acquisitions
and Business Development, and non-board member of the Company, has established the following related entity(s) and related non-profits
to feed work to the Company and assume all liability for debt incurred. The Company will also manage for fee all revenue producing projects
upon full payment of project bonds by the project sponsor. 

Related
Entities 

 1) HSR Freight line, Inc. designed to handle all services
for use of track time and trains for freight and freight forwarding services. 

 2) HSR Passenger Services, Inc. designed to handle
rail ticketing booking, reservations, and food services. 

 3) HSR Technologies, Inc. designed to handle all building
of suites and manufacturing of trains and rail tracks and provide fiber optics, telecommunications, and related technologies services. 

 4) HSR Logistics, Inc. designed to handle all purchasing
functions. 

 5) KSJM International Airport, Inc. designed to eventually
create an airport facility in inland Alabama 

 6) Port Of Ostia, Inc. designed to handle all air
cargo if and when an airport facility is created. 

 7) Port De Claudius, Inc. designed to handle sea container
and port operations. 

 8) AMERI Cement, Inc. designed to handle cement needs
for building Alabama toll road. 

 9) Lord Chauffeurs LTD: designed to operate all passenger
ground transportation. 

 10) Atlantic Energy Utility Products, Inc. designed
to provide utility and maintenance service to above entities. 

 11) Penn Insurance Services LLC. Designed to provide
insurance service to above entities. 

 12) Cape Horn Abstracting, Co. designed to land title
examination services. 

 13) Eastern Development Design, Inc. Designed
to provide all civil engineering and architectural service. 

 14) Slater West, Inc. designed to handle contract
administration services and work force H R matters. 

 15) Malibu Homes, Inc. designed to establish residential
home building services. 

 16) Platinum Media, Inc. designed to provide all media
related services. 

 17) Susquehanna
Mortgage Bankers Corp. H as applied for a Fintech Commercial Residential
lender with the U.S. Office of Currency Control to become a licensed lender under the U.S. Federal Reserve system. 

 18) Natural Resources, LLC To provide oil, gas and mineral extraction services,
timber harvesting, agricultural and related food production services associated with the operation of large-scale development projects. 

 19) Dutch East India Logistics Co. Designed to provide
international cargo services inYuma Arizona 

 20) Ann Charles International Airport, Inc. Designed
to provide airport services and cargo break facilities in Port Freeport and the Brazoria Fort Bend Rail District Project. 

 On June 25, 2019, the Company amended the Opportunity
License Agreements it entered with 16 related entities (Ameri Cement, Inc., Atlantic Energy Utility Products, Inc., Cape Horn Abstracting
Co., Eastern Development Design Inc., HSR Freight Line Inc., HSR Logistics Inc., HSR Passenger Services, Inc., HSR Technologies,
Inc., KSJM International Airport, Inc., Lord Chauffeurs Ltd., Malibu Homes Inc., Penn Insurance Services LLC, Platinum Media, Inc., Port
de Claudius, Inc., Port of Ostia Inc., and Slater West, Inc.). The amendment clarifies ownership, voting rights, and distribution
of profits for the Company and the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The amendment also provides that the Company will purchase
non-controlling interest of each of the sixteen entities and the Portus de Jewel project. On June 29, 2019, the Company issued 33,931,475
shares of Class B common stock to acquire 25 ownership interest in 15 of the 16 entities. On January 13, 2020, the Company issued
3,475,248 shares of Class B common stock to acquire 25 ownership interest in 1 of the 16 entities. 

 On February 20, 2020, the Company issued 3,230,520
shares of Original Class C common stock to acquire 2 ownership interest in a related entity, Susquehanna Mortgage Bankers Corp Susquehanna ).
 On September 18, 2020, the Company issued 23,000,000 shares of Original Class C common stock to
acquire an additional 23 ownership interest in Susquehanna. 

 On July 1, 2020, the Company issued 250,000 shares
of Class B common stock to acquire 25 ownership interest in a related entity, Natural Resources Inc. 

 On July 31, 2020, the Company amended the Opportunity
License Agreement it entered on June 25, 2019 for the acquisition of 10 participating profit interest in the Portus de Jewel project.
Pursuant to the amendment, the consideration of 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock also includes the acquisition of 10 of Dutch
East India Logistics, Co, the developer of the Portus de Jewel project. 

 On
April 28, 2020, by consent of the Company s Board of directors, the Company agreed to issue 23,000,000 shares of the Original Class
C common stock to acquire 25 ownership interest in Ann Charles International Airport. The Company is the developer of this project. 
On September 18, 2020, the Company issued the 23,000,000 shares of Original Class C common stock. 

80 

The following tables summaries the
unaudited results of operations of the related entities for the year ended July 31, 2021. The calculations are considered non-US GAAP
measures and the table below is not audited UNAUDITED ). 

Ameri
 Cement, Inc. 
 Atlantic
 Energy Utilities Products, Inc. 
 Cape
 Horn Abstracting, Co. 
 Dutch
 East India Logistics Co. 
 Eastern 
 Development Design Inc. 
 HSR
 Freight Line Inc. 
 HSR
 Logistics Inc. 
 HSR
 Passenger Services, Inc. 
 HSR
 Technologies, Inc. 
 KSM International 
 Airport, Inc. 
 
 Operating Expenses 

Loss from operations 

Gain on sale of available securities 

Provision for other securities 

Net Loss 

Unrealized
 gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities 
 
 15,119,400,000 
 
 27,981,900,000 
 
 15,119,400,000 
 
 419,292,612,180 
 
 159,040,469,000 
 
 191,279,702,785 
 
 176,787,168,662 
 
 113,201,022,682 
 
 20,949,548,449 
 
 60,138,150,000 
 
 Comprehensive
 income (loss) 
 
 15,119,400,000 
 
 27,981,900,000 
 
 15,119,400,000 
 
 419,292,612,180 
 
 159,040,469,000 
 
 191,279,702,785 
 
 176,787,168,662 
 
 113,201,022,682 
 
 20,949,548,449 
 
 60,138,150,000 

Lord
 Chauffeurs Ltd. 
 Malibu
 Homes, Inc. 
 Natural
 Resources, Inc. 
 Penn
 Insurance Services LLC 
 Platinum
 Media, Inc. 
 Port
 de Claudius, Inc. 
 Port
 of Ostia Inc. 
 Slater
 West, Inc. 
 Susquehanna
 Mortgage Bankers Corp 
 Ann
 Charles International Airport 
 Total 
 
 Operating Expenses 

Loss from operations 

Gain on sale of available
 securities 

Provision for other securities 

Net Loss 

Unrealized gain (loss) on
 available-for-sale securities 
 
 21,543,750,020 
 
 60,138,150,020 
 
 (3,323,750,010) 
 
 1,224,744,592,230 
 
 21,538,866,780 
 
 251,761,935,810 
 
 173,761,943,880 
 
 12,112,881,600 
 
 3,188,412,765,154 
 
 788,783,492,000 
 
 6,938,384,001,242 
 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 21,543,750,020 
 
 60,138,150,020 
 
 (3,323,750,010) 
 
 1,224,744,592,230 
 
 21,538,866,780 
 
 251,761,935,810 
 
 173,761,943,880 
 
 12,112,881,600 
 
 3,188,412,765,154 
 
 788,783,492,000 
 
 6,938,384,001,242 

The Company evaluates the investments for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investments might not be recoverable. 

81 

Related Entities Agreements 

 On April 28,
2020, Ameri Metro Inc. (the Company agreed to purchase a 25 non-controlling
interest in Ann Charles International Airport, Inc. The ownership interest also includes ownership of book value in Ann Charles
International Airport, Inc.. Ann Charles International Airport, Inc. shall pay 25 of all profits before taxes to the Company. Based
on Ann Charles International Airport, Inc. s operations through July 2020, the Company is entitled to 133,953,520,124.04
of Book Value. The Company will record 25 ownership of its stakeholder interest in their financial filings beginning August 10,
2020. All related future revenue will also be recorded in the Company s financial filings. 

 On May 26, 2020, HSR Logistics entered into a
Real Estate Easement Agreement with a related company in which HSR Logistics was granted an easement of 1000 acres of land for the development
of the Port Trajan project. As at July 31, 2020, the transaction has not closed. 

 On June 25, 2020, HSR Technologies, Inc. entered
into a Master Distributor Agreement with Ozone Sanitation Technologies, Inc. for a distribution license. Pursuant to the agreement, HSR
Technologies, Inc. was granted the exclusive territory rights to resell the Ozone sanitation equipment in South America, Africa, Middle
East, South East Asia, Far East Asia, Europe, United Kingdom, Australia and North America (transportation sector only). HSR Technologies
was also granted the non-exclusive rights to resell the Ozone sanitation equipment in North America. The consideration for the license
was 150,000,000. On July 2, 2020, HSR Technologies transferred 48,000 shares of Ameri Metro s Class B common stock valued at 3,000
per share and 100,000 shares of Ameri Metro s Class C common stock valued at 60 per shares for the licensing fee. 

 On July 25, 2020, HSR Technologies Inc. entered
into a memorandum of understanding MOU with DAMAR Corporation, LLC. to purchase the US 8,210,591 B2 patent. The purchase
price for the patent is 1,001,300 to be paid with 323 shares of Ameri Metro s Class B common stock. As at July 31, 2020, the transaction
has not closed. 

 On July 25, 2020, HSR Technologies Inc. entered
into a memorandum of understanding MOU with NP G Innovations, Inc. to purchase the US 7,931,210 patent. The purchase
price for the patent is 23,850,000 to be paid with 7,500 shares of Ameri Metro s Class B common stock and 10,000 shares of Ameri
Metro s Class C common stock. As at July 31, 2020, the transaction has not closed. 

 On July 25, 2020, Platinum Media Inc. entered
into a memorandum of understanding MOU with Best of Times Productions to form a joint venture for film projects. As at
July 31, 2020, Platinum Media Inc. has not provided any funding to the joint venture. 

 On July 25, 2020, Platinum Media Inc. entered
into a memorandum of understanding MOU with Resurrection Media Plat JV, LLC to form a joint venture for film projects.
As at July 31, 2020, Platinum Media Inc. has not provided any funding to the joint venture. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

On August 23, 2021, the
Company has engaged Elkana Amitai CPA Rimon 1, Mitzpe Netofa 1529500 Israel for all assurance services going forward and terminated Weinstein
International, CPA. 

The aggregate fees incurred for each of the last two
years for professional services rendered by the independent registered public accounting firm of Weinstein International CPA for the July
31, 2020 audit of the Company's annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the Company's Form 10-K and
Form 10-Q reports and services normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements were as follows: 

Year Ended July 31, 

2021 

2020 

Weinstein International CPA 
 
 54,000 

54,000 

The Company incurred 0 for tax related services. 

All Other Fees 

The Company incurred 0 for other fees by the principal accountant for
the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020. 

The audit committee will evaluate and approve in advance,
the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor before the auditor renders audit and non-audit services. The Company does not
rely on pre-approval policies and procedures. 

82 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The Company has issued the following securities in
the last three (3) years. All such securities were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, as a transaction by an issuer not involving any public offering, as noted below. 

Item 3. EXHIBITS 

3.1 Articles
of Incorporation (filed with the Form 10 November 9, 2011) 

 3.2 Amended
by-laws (filed as part of the Form 8-K/A filed January 18, 2013) 

 3.3 Cert.
of Amendment Cert. of Incorporation of Ameri Metro 

10.1 Master
Indenture Agreement of Alabama Toll Facilities, Inc. (filed with the Form 8-K January 18, 2013) 

 10.2 Master
Indenture Agreement of Hi Speed Rail Facilities, Inc. (filed with the Form 8-K January 18, 2013) 

 10.3 Master
Indenture Agreement of Hi Speed Rail Facilities Provider, Inc. (filed with the Form 8-K January 18, 2013) 

 10.4 TEMS
engagement (filed as part of the Form 8-K/A filed January 18, 2013) 

 10.5 Alabama
Indenture Agreement (filed as part of the Form 8-K/A filed January 18, 2013) 

 10.6 High
Speed Rail Indenture Agreement (filed as part of the Form 8-K/A filed January 18, 2013) 

 10.7 Damar
Agreement (filed as part of the Form 8-K/A filed January 18, 2013) 

 10.8 Agreement
For Construction (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.9 Assignment
Agreement For Construction (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.10 Payment
Agreement to Penndel Land Co (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.11 Ameri
Metro Inc. / HSR Tech Inc. Licensing of Intellectual Property Agreement (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.12 HSR
Tech LOI Tech Use Agreement (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.13 Opportunity
License Agreement Entities (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.14 Master
Agreement for Construction Nonprofits (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.15 Master
Agreement for Construction Entities (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.16 Consulting
Agreement HSRFP Inc. (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.17 Consulting
Agreement HSRF Inc. (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.18 Company
Founder Emp. Agreement(filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.19 Directorship
Agreement (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.20 Letter
of Intent for Port Trajan property (filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed June 13, 2013) 

 10.21 Port
De Ostia Inc. Agreement GTI (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.22 C-Bar
Marshall Rebar Agreement (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.23 Ameri
Metro Jewell LOI (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.24 Master
Consulting Agreement (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.25 Master
Trustee Agreement (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.26 2015
Executive Incentive Compensation Program (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.27 
Establishing the Compensation Committee (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.28 Amendment
to Payment Agreement Penndel Land Co. (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.29 Amendment
to HSR Technologies Inc. Payment Agreement (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.30 Amendment
to Damar TruckDeck LLC Payment Agreement (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 10.31 TEMS
consent form letter (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 23.1 Consent
of Counsel 

 31.1 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 31.2 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 32.1 CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 32.2 CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

 99.1 ProAdvisor
Valuation report, dated November 1, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the registration statement on Form S-1, filed on November 23, 2016,
and incorporated herein by reference) 

 99.2 ProAdvisor
consent letter (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the registration statement on Form S-1, filed on November 23, 2016) 

 99.3 June
12, 2012 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (filed as part of the Form 8-K/A filed January 18, 2013) 

83 

99.4 Alabama
Legislative Act 506 (filed as part of the Form 8-K/A filed January 18, 2013) 

 99.5 Form
of subscription agreement for sale of the shares (filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed June 13, 2013) 

 99.6 Intended
use of Master Trust Indentures (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.7 Florida
Alabama TPO Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.8 Alabama
Toll Road Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.9 Appalachian
Region Commission Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.10
 Atlantic Energy Utilities Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6,
2019) 

 99.11
 High Speed Rail Projects Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.12 Port
Freeport Brazoria Fort Bend Rail District Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.13 High
Speed Rail Ancillary Projects Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.14 Port
of Ostia Inc. @ KSJM International Airport Inc. Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.15 Portus
De Jewel Mexico Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.16 KSJM
International Airport Inc. Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.17 HSR
Freight Line Inc. / Phila. Port Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.18 HSR
Freight Line Inc. Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.19 HSR
Passenger Services Inc. Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.20 HSR
Technologies Inc. Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.21 Malibu
Homes Inc. Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.22 Platinum
Media Inc. Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-Q filed December 30, 2019) 

 99.23 Port
De Claudius Inc. Port Trajan of Pa. Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.24 Panama
Canal Alabama Port Partnership (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.25 Lord
Chauffeurs Inc. Business Jet Center @ KSJM Airport Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.26 HSR
Freight Line Inc. HSR Passenger Services Coast to Coast Rail Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6,
2019) 

 99.27 New
York Washington Rail Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.28 Ann
Charles International Cargo Airport Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.29
 Texas International Trade Corridor Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November
6, 2019) 

 99.30 Virginia
Crescent Line Rail Bond Indenture (filed as part of the Form 10-K/A filed November 6, 2019) 

 99.31 Shah
Mathias transferred 102,600,000 Class B shares from his personal holdings, equally, to 20 related entities that Ameri Metro Inc. holds
a 25 interest in 19 of the related entities and a 10 interest in one of the related entities. 

 (filed
with the Form 8-K September 17,2020) 

 99.32 2015
Equity Incentive Plan, the plan was funded with class B shares. According to the plan schedule. (filed with the form 8-K September 17,
2020) 

 99.33 NorAsia
Consulting Advisory Valuation Report (filed with the form 8-K September 4, 2020) 

 99.34 Lord
Chauffeurs, LTD Amendment to Opportunity License Agreement (filed with the form
8-K September 4, 2020) 

 99.35 Slater
 West, Inc. Amendment to Opportunity License
Agreement (filed with the form 8-K August 14, 2020) 

 99.36 Port
of Ostia, Inc. Amendment to Opportunity License Agreement (filed with the form 8-K
August 14, 2020) 

 99.37 Port
de Claudius, Inc. Amendment to Opportunity License Agreement (filed with the form
8-K August 14, 2020) 

 99.38 Platinum
Media, Inc. Amendment to Opportunity License Agreement (filed with the form 8-K
August 14, 2020) 

 99.39 Penn
Insurance Services LLC. Amendment to Opportunity License Agreement (filed with the
form 8-K August 14, 2020) 

 99.40 Natural
Resources LLC. Amendment to Opportunity License
Agreement (filed with the form 8-K August 14, 2020) 

 99.41 Malibu
Homes, Inc. Amendment to Opportunity License Agreement (filed with the form 8-K
August 14, 2020) 

 99.42 KSJM
International Airport, Inc. Amendment to Opportunity License Agreement (filed with
the form 8-K August 14, 2020) 

 99.43 HSR
Technologies, Inc. Amendment to Opportunity License Agreement (filed with the form
8-K August 14, 2020) 

 99.44 HSR
Passenger Services, Inc. Amendment to Opportunity License Agreement (filed with
the form 8-K August 14, 2020) 

 99.45 HSR
Logistics, Inc. Amendment to Opportunity License Agreement (filed with the form
8-K August 14, 2020) 

 99.46 HSR
Freight Line, Inc. Amendment to Opportunity License Agreement (filed with the form
8-K August 14, 2020) 

 99.47 Eastern
Development Design, Inc. Amendment to Opportunity License Agreement (filed
with the form 8-K August 14, 2020) 

 99.48 Cape
Horn Abstracting Amendment to Opportunity License Agreement (filed with the form
8-K August 14, 2020) 

 99.49 Atlantic
Energy Utility Products, Inc. Amendment to Opportunity License Agreement (filed
with the form 8-K August 14, 2020) 

 99.50 Ann
Charles International Airport, Inc. Amendment to Opportunity License Agreement (filed
with the form 8-K August 14, 2020) 

 99.51 Ameri
Cement Inc. Amendment to Opportunity License Agreement (filed with the form 8-K
August 14, 2020) 

 99.52 Portus
de Jewel Seaport Inland Port project Amendment to Opportunity
License Agreement (filed with the form 8-K August 12, 2020) 

84 

99.53 Susquehanna
Mortgage Bankers Corp. 25 non-controlling interest in SMBC (filed with the form 8-K August 12, 2020) 

 99.54 HSR
Technologies, Inc has acquired intellectual property from NP G Innovations, Inc. (filed with the form 8-K July 30, 2020) 

 99.55 Platinum
Media Inc. joint venture agreement with Resurrection Media PlatJV, LLC. (filed with the form 8-K July 30, 2020) 

 99.56 Platinum
Media Inc. joint venture agreement with Best of Times Productions. (filed with the form 8-K July 30, 2020) 

 99.57 HSR
Technologies, Inc. acquired DAMAR TruckDeck bed liner intellectual property. (filed with the form 8-K July 30, 2020) 

 99.58 HSR
Technologies Inc. combat COVID 19 exclusive right to use FDA Approved ozone equipment . (filed with the form 8-K July 22, 2020) 

 99.59 HSR
Logistics Inc. has acquired an easement. (filed with the form 8-K July 22, 2020) 

 99.60 Ann
Charles International Airport Inc. acquired Air Cyprus Aviation Limited, (filed with the form 8-K July 20, 2020) 

 99.61 Norasia
Valuation Report dated July 31, 2020 

____________________ 

 Filed herewith 

 To be filed 

85 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: October 27, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Shah Matthias 

Shah Matthias 

Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: October 27, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert Choiniere 

Robert Choiniere 

Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

NAME 
 OFFICE 
 DATE 

/s/ Debra Mathias 

Debra Mathias 
 Director 
 October 27, 2021 

/s/ James Becker 

James Becker 
 Director 
 October 27, 2021 

/s/ Shahjahan C. Mathias 

Shahjahan C. Mathias 
 Director 
 October 27, 2021 

/s/ Donald E. Nick Williams, Jr. 

Donald E. Nick Williams, Jr. 
 Director 
 October 27, 2021 

/s/ Suhail Matthias 

Suhail Matthias 
 Director 
 October 27, 2021 

/s/ Steve Trout 

Steve Trout 
 Director 
 October 27, 2021 

/s/ Robert Todd Reynold 

Robert Todd Reynold 
 Director 
 October 27, 2021 

/s/ Bryan Elicker 

Bryan Elicker 
 Director 
 October 27, 2021 

/s/ Keith A. Doyle 

Keith A. Doyle 
 Director 
 October 27, 2021 

/s/ James Kingsborough 

James Kingsborough 
 Director 
 October 27, 2021 

/s/ John Thompson 

John Thompson 
 Director 
 October 27, 2021 

86 

<EX-23>
 2
 ex23-1.htm
 CONSENT OF COUNSEL

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors 

 Ameri Metro Inc 

We hereby consent to the inclusion in the 10-K form
for the year ended July 31, 2021 (the Form of Ameri Metro Inc (the Company of our report, dated November
27, 2021, with respect to our audit of the financial statements of the Company as of July 31, 2021 included in the filing of this Form. 

Sincerely, 

/s/ Elkana Amitai CPA 

 October 27, 2021 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 3
 ex311.htm
 EX 31.1CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANESOXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES OXLEY ACT 
 
 I, Shah Mathias, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2021 of Ameri Metro, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have: 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. The issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 27, 2021 

By: /s/ Shah Mathias 

Shah Mathias 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 ex312.htm
 EX 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES OXLEY ACT 
 
 I, Robert Choiniere, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2021 of Ameri Metro, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have: 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. The issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 27, 2021 

By: /s/ Robert Choiniere 

Robert Choiniere 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex321.htm
 EX 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Ameri Metro, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 
 
 3. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: October 27, 2021 

By: /s/ Shah Mathias 

Shah Mathias 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex322.htm
 EX 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Ameri Metro, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 
 
 3. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 Date: October 27, 2021 
 
 By: /s/ Robert Choiniere 
 
 Robert Choiniere 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 amgi-20210731.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 amgi-20210731_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 amgi-20210731_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 amgi-20210731_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 amgi-20210731_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

