<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211117_10-K_edgar_data_50725_0000050725-21-000068.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18822193</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>375755</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2611890</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6846321</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4531277</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4106525</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000050725-21-000068.hdr.sgml : 20211117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211116202527
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000050725-21-000068
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GRIFFON CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000050725
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL DOORS, SASH, FRAMES, MOLDING & TRIM [3442]
		IRS NUMBER:				111893410
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06620
		FILM NUMBER:		211418105

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		712 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2129575000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		712 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INSTRUMENT SYSTEMS CORP /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000050725-21-000068.txt : 20211117

10-K
 1
 gff-20210930.htm
 10-K

gff-20210930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the year ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission File No. 
 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction (I.R.S. Employer of incorporation or organization) Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x 
 No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 x 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 
 Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o 
 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No S 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the close of business March 31, 2021, the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, was approximately . The registrant s closing price as reported by the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transactions for March 31, 2021 was 27.17. The number of the registrant s outstanding shares was as of October 31, 2021. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Special Notes Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, especially Management s Discussion and Analysis , contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements relate to, among other things, income (loss), earnings, cash flows, revenue, changes in operations, operating improvements, industries in which Griffon Corporation (the Company or Griffon operates and the United States and global economies. Statements in this Form 10-K that are not historical are hereby identified as forward-looking statements and may be indicated by words or phrases such as anticipates, supports, plans, projects, expects, believes, should, would, could, hope, forecast, management is of the opinion, may, will, estimates, intends, explores, opportunities, the negative of these expressions, use of the future tense and similar words or phrases. Such forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, among others: current economic conditions and uncertainties in the housing, credit and capital markets; Griffon s ability to achieve expected savings from cost control, restructuring, integration and disposal initiatives; the ability to identify and successfully consummate, and integrate, value-adding acquisition opportunities; increasing competition and pricing pressures in the markets served by Griffon s operating companies; the ability of Griffon s operating companies to expand into new geographic and product markets, and to anticipate and meet customer demands for new products and product enhancements and innovations; reduced military spending by the government on projects for which Griffon's Telephonics Corporation supplies products, including as a result of defense budget cuts or other government actions; the ability of the federal government to fund and conduct its operations; increases in the cost or lack of availability of raw materials such as resin, wood and steel, components or purchased finished goods, including any potential impact on costs or availability resulting from tariffs; changes in customer demand or loss of a material customer at one of Griffon s operating companies; the potential impact of seasonal variations and uncertain weather patterns on certain of Griffon s businesses; political events that could impact the worldwide economy; a downgrade in Griffon s credit ratings; changes in international economic conditions including interest rate and currency exchange fluctuations; the reliance by certain of Griffon s businesses on particular third party suppliers and manufacturers to meet customer demands; the relative mix of products and services offered by Griffon s businesses, which impacts margins and operating efficiencies; short-term capacity constraints or prolonged excess capacity; unforeseen developments in contingencies, such as litigation, regulatory and environmental matters; unfavorable results of government agency contract audits of Telephonics Corporation; our strategy, future operations, prospects and the plans of our businesses, including the exploration of strategic alternatives for Telephonics Corporation; Griffon s ability to adequately protect and maintain the validity of patent and other intellectual property rights; the cyclical nature of the businesses of certain of Griffon s operating companies; and possible terrorist threats and actions and their impact on the global economy; the impact of COVID-19 on the U.S. and the global economy, including business disruptions, reductions in employment and an increase in business and operating facility failures, specifically among our customers and suppliers; Griffon's ability to service and refinance its debt; and the impact of recent and future legislative and regulatory changes, including, without limitation, changes in tax laws. Such statements reflect the views of the Company with respect to future events and are subject to these and other risks, as previously disclosed in the Company s Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. Griffon undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 
 1 

(Unless otherwise indicated, any reference to years or year-end refers to the fiscal year ending September 30 and U.S. dollars and non-U.S. currencies are in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 Griffon Corporation (the Company or Griffon , "we", "us") is a diversified management and holding company that conducts business through wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Company, founded in 1959, is a Delaware corporation headquartered in New York, N.Y. and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE:GFF). 
 
 Business Strategy 
 We own and operate, and seek to acquire, businesses in multiple industries and geographic markets. Our objective is to maintain leading positions in the markets we serve by providing innovative, branded products with superior quality and industry-leading service. We place emphasis on our iconic and well-respected brands, which helps to differentiate us and our offerings from our competitors and strengthens our relationship with our customers and those who ultimately use our products. 
 
 Through operating a diverse portfolio of businesses, we expect to reduce variability caused by external factors such as market cyclicality, seasonality, and weather. We achieve diversity by providing various product offerings and brands through multiple sales and distribution channels and conducting business across multiple countries which we consider our home markets. 
 
 Griffon oversees the operations of its subsidiaries, allocates resources among them and manages their capital structures. Griffon provides direction and assistance to its subsidiaries in connection with acquisition and growth opportunities as well as in connection with divestitures. As long-term investors, having substantial experience in a variety of industries, our intent is to continue the growth and strengthening of our existing businesses, and to diversify further through investments in our businesses and through acquisitions. 
 
 Over the past four years, we have undertaken a series of transformative transactions. We divested our specialty plastics business in 2018 to focus on our core markets and improve our free cash flow conversion. We expanded the scope of The AMES Companies, Inc. ("AMES") and Clopay Corporation ("Clopay") through the acquisitions of ClosetMaid, LLC ("ClosetMaid") and CornellCookson, Inc. ("CornellCookson"), respectively. CornellCookson has been integrated into Clopay, so that our leading company in residential garage doors and sectional commercial doors now includes a leading manufacturer of rolling steel doors and grille products. ClosetMaid was combined with AMES, and we established an integrated headquarters for AMES in Orlando, Florida. AMES is now positioned to fulfill its mission of Bringing Brands Together with the leading brands in home and garage organization, outdoor d cor, and lawn, garden and cleaning tools. 
 
 On September 27, 2021, we announced we are exploring strategic alternatives, including a sale, for our Defense Electronics ("DE") segment, which consists of our Telephonics Corporation subsidiary. As a result, Griffon classified the results of operations of the Telephonics business as a discontinued operation in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for all periods presented and classified the related assets and liabilities associated with the discontinued operation as held for sale in the consolidated balance sheets. Accordingly, all references made to results and information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are to Griffon's continuing operations, unless noted otherwise. 
 
 Update of COVID-19 on Our Business 
 
 The health and safety of our employees, our customers and their families is a high priority for Griffon. As of the date of this filing, all of Griffon's facilities are fully operational. We have implemented a variety of new policies and procedures, including additional cleaning, social distancing, staggered shifts and prohibiting or significantly restricting on-site visitors, to minimize the risk to our employees of contracting COVID-19. In the United States, we manufacture a substantial majority of the products that we sell. While this helps mitigate the effects of global supplier and transportation disruptions, we are still impacted by these disruptions. Our supply chain has experienced certain disruptions which, together with other factors such as a shortage of labor, has resulted in longer delivery lead times and restricted manufacturing capacity for certain of our products. Commodity prices have increased during COVID-19 and may continue to increase, and we may not be able to pass off all or any of such price increases to our customers on a timely basis, or at all. It is difficult to predict whether the supply chain disruptions that impact us will improve, worsen or remain the same in the near term. Our suppliers could be required by government authorities to temporarily cease operations in accordance with the various restrictions discussed above; might be limited in their production capacity due to complying with restrictions relating to the operation of businesses during the 
 2 

COVID-19 pandemic; or could suffer their own supply chain disruptions, impacting their ability to continue to supply us with the quantity of materials required by us. 
 
 During fiscal 2021 and through the date of this filing, all of our businesses have experienced normal or better order patterns compared with pre-pandemic levels. U.S. executive orders issued in 2020 which required all workers to remain at home unless their work is critical, essential, or life-sustaining, have been lifted. Regardless, we believe that, based on the various standards published to date, the work our employees are performing are either critical, essential and/or life-sustaining for the following reasons: 1) HBP residential and commercial garage doors, rolling steel doors and related products that (a) provide protection and support for the efficient and safe movement of people, goods, and equipment in and out of residential and commercial facilities, (b) help prevent fires from spreading from one location to another, and (c) protect warehouses and homes, and their contents, from damage caused by strong weather events such as hurricanes and tornadoes; and 2) CPP tools and storage products provide critical support for the national infrastructure including construction, maintenance, manufacturing and natural disaster recovery, and is part of the essential supply base to many of its largest customers including Home Depot, Lowe's and Menards. Our AMES international facilities are currently fully operational, as they meet the applicable standards in their respective countries. 
 
 On September 9, 2021, President Biden announced a proposed new rule requiring that all employers with at least 100 employees require that their employees be fully vaccinated or tested weekly. The U.S. Department of Labor s Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA issued an emergency temporary standard regulation to carry out this mandate. On November 6, 2021, the Unites States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted a stay of the emergency temporary standard, and on November 12, 2021 the Court upheld its stay and barred OSHA from enforcing the mandate pending adequate judicial review of a motion for permanent injunction. At this time, it is unclear, among other things, when the vaccine mandate will go into effect (or if it will go into effect at all); whether it will apply to all employees or only to employees who work in the office; and how compliance will be documented. 
 As a company with more than 100 employees, it is anticipated that, should the vaccine mandate go into effect, we would be subject to the OSHA regulation concerning COVID-19 vaccination and the vaccine mandate. Should the mandate apply to us, we may be required to implement a requirement that all of our employees get vaccinated, subject to limited exceptions. At this time, it is not possible to predict the impact that a vaccine mandate, or a vaccine requirement should we adopt one, will have on us or on our workforce. Any vaccine requirement or vaccine mandate, if implemented, may result in employee attrition, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Griffon believes it has adequate liquidity to invest in its existing businesses and execute its business plan, while managing its capital structure on both a short-term and long-term basis. In January 2020, Griffon increased total borrowing capacity under its revolving credit facility ("Credit Agreement") by 50,000, to 400,000 (of which 370,927 was available at September 30, 2021), and extended maturity of the facility to 2025. In addition, the Credit Agreement has a 100,000 accordion feature (subject to lender consent). During 2020, Griffon refinanced its 1,000,000 of senior notes due 2022 with new 5.75 senior notes with a maturity of 2028. In August 2020, we completed a public offering of 8,700,000 shares of our common stock for total net proceeds of 178,165 (the "Public Offering"); a portion of these net proceeds were used to repay outstanding borrowing under our Credit Agreement. At September 30, 2021 Griffon had cash and equivalents of 248,653. 
 
 We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that impact our operations as may be required by federal, state or local authorities or that we determine is in the best interests of our employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders. While we are unable to determine or predict the nature, duration or scope of the overall impact the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our businesses, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources, we believe it is important to discuss where our company stands today, how our response to COVID-19 is progressing and how our operations and financial condition may change as the fight against COVID-19 progresses. 
 
 Business Highlights 
 
 As noted above, Griffon is exploring strategic alternatives, including a sale, for its Defense Electronics business. Griffon believes these alternatives will increase long-term value for Griffon shareholders, while creating enhanced growth opportunities for Telephonics. Telephonics is recognized globally as a leading provider of highly sophisticated intelligence, surveillance and communications solutions that are deployed across a wide range of land, sea and air applications. Telephonics designs, develops, manufactures and provides logistical support and lifecycle sustainment services to defense, aerospace and commercial customers worldwide. 
 
 In August 2020 Griffon completed the Public Offering of 8,700,000 shares of our common stock for total net proceeds of 178,165. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds to repay outstanding borrowings under its Credit Agreement. The 
 3 

Company intends to use the remainder of the proceeds for general corporate purposes, including to expand its current business through acquisitions of, or investments in, other businesses or products. 
 
 During 2020, Griffon issued, at par, 1,000,000 of 5.75 Senior Notes due in 2028 (the 2028 Senior Notes ). Proceeds from the 2028 Senior Notes were used to redeem the 1,000,000 of 5.25 Senior Notes due 2022. 
 
 In January 2020, Griffon amended its credit agreement to increase the total amount available for borrowing from 350,000 to 400,000, extend its maturity date from March 22, 2021 to March 22, 2025 and modify certain other provisions of the facility (the "Credit Agreement"). 
 
 In November 2019, Griffon announced the development of a next-generation business platform for CPP to enhance the growth, efficiency, and competitiveness of its U.S. operations, and on November 12, 2020, Griffon announced that CPP is broadening this strategic initiative to include additional North American facilities, the AMES United Kingdom (U.K.) and Australia businesses, and a manufacturing facility in China. 
 
 The expanded focus of this initiative leverages the same three key development areas being executed within our U.S. operations. First, certain AMES global operations will be consolidated to optimize facilities footprint and talent. Second, strategic investments in automation and facilities expansion will be made to increase the efficiency of our manufacturing and fulfillment operations, and support e-commerce growth. Third, multiple independent information systems will be unified into a single data and analytics platform, which will serve the whole AMES global enterprise. 
 
 Expanding the roll-out of the new business platform from our AMES U.S. operations to include AMES global operations will extend the duration of the project by one year, with completion now expected by the end of calendar year 2023. When fully implemented, these actions will result in annual cash savings of 30,000 to 35,000 and a reduction in inventory of 30,000 to 35,000, both based on fiscal 2020 operating levels. 
 
 The cost to implement this new business platform, over the duration of the project, will include one-time charges of approximately 65,000 and capital investments of approximately 65,000. The one-time charges are comprised of 46,000 of cash charges, which includes 26,000 of personnel-related costs such as training, severance, and duplicate personnel costs as well as 20,000 of facility and lease exit costs. The remaining 19,000 of charges are non-cash and are primarily related to asset write-downs. 
 
 In June 2018, Clopay acquired CornellCookson, a leading provider of rolling steel service doors, fire doors, and grilles, for an effective purchase price of approximately 170,000. This transaction strengthened Clopay's strategic portfolio with a line of commercial rolling steel door products to complement Clopay's sectional door offerings in the commercial sector, and expands the Clopay network of professional dealers focused on the commercial market. CornellCookson generated over 200,000 in revenue in its first full year of operations. 
 
 In March 2018, we announced the combination of the ClosetMaid operations with those of AMES. ClosetMaid generated over 300,000 in revenue in the first twelve months after the acquisition, and the integration with AMES improved operational efficiencies by leveraging the complementary products, customers, warehousing and distribution, manufacturing, and sourcing capabilities of the two businesses. 
 
 In February 2018, we closed on the sale of our Clopay Plastics Products ("Plastics") business to Berry Global, Inc. ("Berry") for approximately 465,000, net of certain post-closing adjustments, thus exiting the specialty plastics industry that the Company had entered when it acquired Clopay Corporation in 1986. This transaction provided immediate liquidity and improved Griffon's cash flow given the historically higher capital needs of the Plastics operations as compared to Griffon s remaining businesses. 
 
 In October 2017, we acquired ClosetMaid from Emerson Electric Co. (NYSE:EMR) for an effective purchase price of approximately 165,000. ClosetMaid, founded in 1965, is a leading North American manufacturer and marketer of wood and wire closet organization, general living storage and wire garage storage products, and sells to some of the largest home center retail chains, mass merchandisers, and direct-to-builder professional installers in North America. We believe that ClosetMaid is the leading brand in its category, with excellent consumer recognition. 
 
 We believe these actions have established a solid foundation for growth in sales, profit, and cash generation and bolster Griffon s platforms for opportunistic strategic acquisitions. 
 4 

Other Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 
 On December 22, 2020, AMES acquired Quatro Design Pty Ltd Quatro ), a leading Australian manufacturer and supplier of glass fiber reinforced concrete landscaping products for residential, commercial, and public sector projects for a purchase price of AUD 3,500 (approximately 2,700). The purchase price is subject to additional contingent consideration of approximately AUD 1,000 (approximately 760) based on Quatro exceeding certain EBITDA performance targets in the first year. Quatro is expected to contribute approximately 5,000 in annualized revenue in the first twelve months after the acquisition. 
 
 On December 18, 2020, Defense Electronics completed the sale of its Systems Engineering Group, Inc. SEG business for 15,000. SEG provides sophisticated, highly technical engineering and analytical support to the U.S. Missile Defense Agency and various U.S. military commands. SEG had sales of approximately 7,000 for the first fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2020 and 31,000 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. 
 
 On November 29, 2019, AMES acquired Vatre Group Limited ("Apta"), a leading U.K. supplier of innovative garden pottery and associated products sold to leading U.K. and Ireland garden centers for approximately 10,500 (GBP 8,750), inclusive of a post-closing working capital adjustment, net of cash acquired. This acquisition broadens AMES' product offerings in the U.K. market and increases its in-country operational footprint. Apta contributed approximately 20,000 in revenue in the first twelve months after the acquisition. 
 
 On February 13, 2018, AMES acquired Kelkay, a leading U.K. manufacturer and distributor of decorative outdoor landscaping products sold to garden centers, retailers and grocers in the U.K. and Ireland. This acquisition broadened AMES' product offerings in the market and increased its in-country operational footprint. 
 
 In November 2017, Griffon acquired Harper Brush Works, a leading U.S. manufacturer of cleaning products for professional, home, and industrial use, from Horizon Global (NYSE:HZN). This acquisition expanded the AMES line of long-handle tools in North America to include brooms, brushes, and other cleaning products. 
 
 During fiscal 2017, Griffon also completed a number of other acquisitions to expand and enhance AMES' global footprint. In the United Kingdom, Griffon acquired La Hacienda, an outdoor living brand of unique heating and garden d cor products, in July 2017. The acquisition of La Hacienda, together with the February 2018 acquisition of Kelkay and November 2020 acquisition of Apta, provides AMES with additional brands and a platform for growth in the U.K. market and access to leading garden centers, retailers, and grocers in the UK and Ireland. In Australia, Griffon acquired Hills Home Living, the iconic brand of clotheslines and home products, from Hills Limited (ASX:HIL) in December 2016, and in September 2017 Griffon acquired Tuscan Path, an Australian provider of pots, planters, pavers, decorative stone, and garden d cor products. The Hills, Tuscan Path and December, 2020 Quatro acquisitions broadened AMES' outdoor living and lawn and garden business, strengthening AMES portfolio of brands and its market position in Australia and New Zealand. 
 
 Further Information 
 Griffon posts and makes available, free of charge through its website at www.griffon.com , its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as press releases, as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are published or filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The information found on Griffon's website is not part of this or any other report it files with or furnishes to the SEC. 
 
 For information regarding revenue, profit and total assets of each segment, see the Reportable Segments footnote in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

5 

Reportable Segments: 
 
 Griffon now conducts its operations through two reportable segments: 
 
 Consumer and Professional Products ("CPP") conducts its operations through AMES. Founded in 1774, AMES is the leading North American manufacturer and a global provider of branded consumer and professional tools and products for home storage and organization, landscaping, and enhancing outdoor lifestyles. CPP sells products globally through a portfolio of leading brands including True Temper, AMES, and ClosetMaid. 
 
 Home and Building Products ("HBP") conducts its operations through Clopay. Founded in 1964, Clopay is the largest manufacturer and marketer of garage doors and rolling steel doors in North America. Residential and commercial sectional garage doors are sold through professional dealers and leading home center retail chains throughout North America under the brands Clopay, Ideal, and Holmes. Rolling steel door and grille products designed for commercial, industrial, institutional, and retail use are sold under the CornellCookson brand. 
 
 Defense Electronics, classified as a discontinued operation, conducts its operations through Telephonics Corporation ("Telephonics"), founded in 1933, a globally recognized leading provider of highly sophisticated intelligence, surveillance and communications solutions for defense, aerospace and commercial customers. 

6 

Reportable Segments: 
 
 CONSUMER AND PROFESSIONAL PRODUCTS 
 
 The CPP segment consists of AMES. Founded in Massachusetts in 1774, AMES has the distinction of being one of the oldest companies in continuous operation in the United States. Over its long life, AMES has grown organically and through the acquisition of other leading and historic tool businesses such as True Temper, Union Tools, and Garant. Today, AMES is the leading manufacturer of long-handled tools and landscaping products for homeowners and professionals in North America, and also provides these products in key global markets including Canada, Australia, New Zealand, the U.K., and Ireland. AMES is also the leading provider of wood and wire closet organization, general living storage, and wire garage storage products in the United States through its ClosetMaid product line. 
 
 Since being acquired by Griffon in 2010, AMES has benefited from strategic acquisitions that have expanded its product portfolio and geographic presence. The ClosetMaid, Southern Patio, and Harper Brush Works acquisitions added to AMES' product categories in North America to include storage and organization, decorative landscaping, and cleaning products. The acquisitions of Northcote, Cyclone, Hills, Nylex Tuscan Path and Quatro in Australia established AMES as a leading supplier of tools and landscaping categories in the Australian market. As a result of the acquisitions of Kelkay, La Hacienda and Apta, the U.K. and Ireland have become key markets for AMES products. 
 
 AMES has approximately 3,800 employees worldwide. 
 
 Brands 
 
 AMES' brands are among the most recognized across its primary product categories in North America, Australia and the United Kingdom. Its brand portfolio for long-handled tools, outdoor d cor, and landscaping product includes AMES , True Temper , Garant , Harper , UnionTools , Westmix , Cyclone , Southern Patio , Northcote Pottery , Nylex , Hills , Kelkay , Tuscan Path , La Hacienda , Kelso , Dynamic Design , Apta and Quatro Design . Contractor-oriented tool brands include Razor-Back Professional Tools and Jackson Professional Tools. AMES' home organization, general living storage, and garage storage products are sold primarily under the ClosetMaid brand. 
 
 This strong portfolio of brands enables AMES to build and maintain long-standing relationships with leading retailers and distributors. In addition, given the breadth of its brand portfolio and product category depth, AMES is able to offer specific, differentiated branding strategies for key retail customers. These strategies focus on enhancement of brand value, with the goal of de-commoditizing AMES products through identity and functionality elements that makes each top brand unique, attractive and visually recognizable by the consumer. In addition to the brands listed, AMES also sells private label branded products, further differentiating AMES in its customer offerings. 
 
 Products 
 
 AMES manufactures and markets a broad portfolio of long-handled tools, landscaping products, and home organization products. This portfolio contains many iconic brands and is anchored by five core product categories: seasonal outdoor tools, project tools, outdoor d cor and watering, home organization, and cleaning products. As a result of brand portfolio recognition, outstanding product quality, industry leading service and strong customer relationships, AMES has earned market-leading positions in its five core product categories. The following is a brief description of AMES' primary product lines: 
 
 Seasonal Outdoor Tools 
 
 Long-Handled Tools: An extensive line of engineered tools including shovels, spades, scoops, rakes, hoes, cultivators, weeders, post hole diggers, scrapers, edgers and forks, marketed under leading brand names including AMES , True Temper , UnionTools , Garant , Cyclone and Kelso , as well as contractor-oriented brands including Razor-Back Jackson and Darby . 
 
 Wheelbarrows: AMES designs, develops and manufactures a full line of wheelbarrows and lawn carts, primarily under the AMES , True Temper , Jackson Professional Tools, UnionTools , Garant and Westmix brand names. The products range in size, material (poly and steel), tray form, tire type, handle length and color based on the needs of homeowners, landscapers and contractors. 
 
 Snow Tools: A complete line of snow tools is marketed under the True Temper , Garant and Union Tools brand names. The snow tool line includes shovels, pushers, roof rakes, sled sleigh shovels, scoops and ice scrapers. 
 7 

Pruning: The pruning line is made up of pruners, loppers, shears, and other tools sold primarily under the True Temper , Cyclone and Garant brand names. 
 
 Project Tools 
 
 Striking Tools: Axes, picks, mattocks, mauls, wood splitters, sledgehammers, pry bars and repair handles make up the striking tools product line. These products are marketed under the True Temper , Cyclone , Garant , Jackson Professional Tools and Razor-Back Professional Tools brand names. 
 
 Hand Tools: Hammers, screwdrivers, pliers, adjustable wrenches, handsaws, tape measures, levels, clamps, and other traditional hand tools make up this product line. These products are marketed under the Trojan , Cyclone and Supercraft brand names. In addition, gardening hand tools, such as trowels, cultivators, weeders and other specialty garden hand tools, are marketed under the AMES brand name. 
 
 Outdoor D cor and Watering 
 
 Planters and Lawn Accessories: AMES is a designer, manufacturer and distributor of indoor and outdoor planters and accessories, sold under the Southern Patio , Northcote Pottery , Tuscan Path, La Hacienda , Hills , Kelkay , Quatro Design and Dynamic Design brand names, as well as various private label brands. The range of planter sizes (from 6 to 32 inches) is available in various designs, colors and materials. 
 
 Garden Hose and Storage: AMES offers a wide range of manufactured and sourced garden hoses and hose reels under the AMES , NeverLeak , Nylex , and Hills brand names. 
 
 Home Organization : AMES designs, manufactures and sells a comprehensive portfolio of wire and wood shelving, containers, storage cabinets and other closet and home organization accessories primarily under the highly-recognized ClosetMaid brand name and other private label brands. Wire products include wire shelving and hardware, wire accessories and kitchen storage products. Wire product brands include Maximum Load , SuperSlide and ShelfTrack . Wood solutions include closet systems, cube storage, storage furniture and cabinets. Selected wood product brands include MasterSuite , Suite Symphony , ExpressShelf , Style+ , and SpaceCreations . 
 
 Cleaning Products : AMES offers a complete line of cleaning products for professional, home, and industrial use, including brooms, brushes, squeegees and other cleaning products, primarily under the Harper brand. 
 
 Customers 
 
 AMES sells products throughout North America, Australia, New Zealand and Europe through (1) home centers, such as The Home Depot, Inc. Home Depot ), Lowe s Companies Inc. Lowe s ), Rona Inc., Bunnings Warehouse ("Bunnings") and Woodies (with the average length of the relationship with these customers being approximately 30 years); (2) mass market, specialty, and hardware retailers including Wal-Mart Stores Inc. ("Walmart"), Target Corporation ("Target"), Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited ("Canadian Tire"), Costco Wholesale Corporation ("Costco"), Ace, Do-It-Best and True Value Company; (3) industrial distributors, such as W.W. Grainger, Inc. and ORS Nasco, and (4) homebuilders, such as D.R. Horton, KB Home, Lennar and NVR, Inc. 
 
 Home Depot, Lowe's and Bunnings are significant customers of AMES. The loss of any of these customers would have a material adverse effect on the AMES business and on Griffon. 
 
 Product Development 
 
 AMES product development efforts focus on both new products and product line extensions. AMES continually improves existing products as well as develops new products to satisfy consumer needs, expand revenue opportunities, maintain or extend competitive advantages, increase market share and reduce production costs. Products are developed through in-house industrial design and engineering staffs to introduce new products and product line extensions that are timely and cost effective. 
 
 8 

Sales and Marketing 
 
 AMES' sales organization is structured by distribution channel in the U.S., and by country internationally. In the U.S., a dedicated team of sales professionals is provided for each of the large retail customers. Offices are maintained adjacent to each of the two largest customers headquarters, supported by a shared in-house sales analyst. In addition, sales professionals are assigned to domestic, wholesale and industrial distribution channels. Sales teams located in Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom and Ireland handle sales in each of their respective regions. In Australia, a dedicated team of sales professionals is provided for the largest retail customer. AMES also is making investments in automation, facilities expansion and fulfillment operations to support e-commerce growth. 
 
 Raw Materials and Suppliers 
 
 AMES' primary raw material inputs include resin (primarily polypropylene and high density polyethylene), wood (particleboard and hardwoods including ash, hickory and poplar logs) and steel (hot rolled, cold rolled, and wire rod). All raw materials are generally available from a number of sources. Certain components are purchased, such as heavy forged components and wheelbarrow tires. Most final assembly is completed internally in order to ensure consistent quality. AMES also sources some finished goods. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The long-handled tools and landscaping product industry is highly competitive and fragmented. Most competitors consist of small, privately-held companies focusing on a single product category. Some competitors, such as Fiskars Corporation in the hand tool and pruning tool market and Truper Herramientas S.A. de C.V. in the long-handled and garden tool space, compete in various tool categories. Suncast Corporation competes in the hose reel and accessory market, and more recently in the long-handled plastic snow shovel category. In addition, there is competition from imported or sourced products from China, India and other low-cost producing countries, particularly in long-handled tools, wheelbarrows, planters, striking tools and pruning tools. 
 
 The home storage and organizational solutions industry is also highly fragmented. AMES, primarily under the ClosetMaid brands, sells through retail, direct to consumer (e-commerce category) and direct to installer (building) channels and competes with a significant number of companies across each of these unique channels. Principal competition for retail wire products is from Newell Brands, Inc. through their Rubbermaid product line. FirstService Brands, Inc. sells competing wood solutions under the brand California Closets , but does not sell through the retail or direct to consumer channels. We believe that AMES' market share in the U.S. is approximately double that of its largest competitors in the home storage and organizational solutions product category. 
 
 AMES differentiates itself and provides the best value to customers through its successful history of innovation, dependable supply chain and high on-time delivery rates, quality, product performance, and highly recognized product brands. AMES' size, depth and breadth of product offering, category knowledge, research and development R D investment, service and its ability to react to sudden changes in demand from seasonal weather patterns, especially during harsh winter months, are competitive advantages. Offshore manufacturers lack sufficient product innovation, capacity, proximity to market and distribution capabilities to service large retailers or to efficiently and effectively compete in highly seasonal, weather related product categories. 
 
 Manufacturing and Distribution 
 
 AMES has a combination of internal and external, and domestic and foreign, manufacturing sources from which it sources products for sale in the markets it serves. Principal manufacturing facilities include 644,000 square feet of manufacturing operations in Harrisburg and Camp Hill, Pennsylvania, a 676,000 square foot facility in Ocala, Florida, and a 353,000 square foot manufacturing center in St. Francois, Quebec, Canada. AMES operates smaller manufacturing facilities, including wood mills, at several other locations in the United States, and internationally in Reynosa, Mexico; Jiangmen, China; and Grafton, New South Wales and Wonthaggi, Victoria, both in Australia. 
 
 AMES has two principal distribution facilities in the United States, a 1.4 million square foot facility in Carlisle, Pennsylvania and a 774,000 square foot facility in Reno, Nevada. Finished goods are transported to these facilities from AMES' manufacturing sites by both an internal fleet, as well as over the road trucking and rail. Additionally, light assembly is performed at the Carlisle and Reno locations. Smaller distribution centers are also strategically located in the U.S. in Ocala, Florida and Pharr, Texas, and internationally in Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom and Ireland. 
 
 9 

HOME AND BUILDING PRODUCTS 
 
 The HBP segment consists of Clopay. Founded in 1964 and acquired by Griffon in 1986, Clopay has grown organically and through acquisitions to become the largest manufacturer and marketer of garage doors and rolling steel doors in North America. Clopay also manufactures a complete line of entry door systems uniquely designed to complement its popular residential garage door styles. The majority of Clopay's sales come from home remodeling and renovation projects, with the balance from commercial construction and new residential housing construction. Sales into the home remodeling market are driven by the aging of the housing stock, existing home sales activity, and the trends of improving both home appearance and energy efficiency. Sales into the commercial market are driven by the aging of nonresidential buildings, including warehouses, institutional and industrial facilities, increased business activity, changes to building codes , security of facilities and trends of improving function and performance. 
 
 Clopay has approximately 2,900 employees. 
 
 Brands 
 
 Clopay brings over 50 years of experience and innovation to the residential and sectional garage door industry, and has over 100 years of experience in the rolling steel industry. Residential and commercial sectional products are sold under market-leading brands including Clopay , America s Favorite Garage Doors , Holmes Garage Door Company and IDEAL Door . Clopay commercial rolling steel door brands include Cornell , Cookson , CornellCookson and Clopay . 
 
 Products and Service 
 
 Clopay manufactures a broad line of residential sectional garage doors with a variety of options, at varying prices. Clopay offers garage doors made primarily from steel, plastic composite and wood, and also sells related products, such as garage door openers manufactured by third parties. Clopay also offers a complete line of entry door systems uniquely designed to complement its popular residential garage door styles. 
 
 Commercial door products manufactured and marketed by Clopay include rolling steel service doors, fire doors, shutters, steel security grilles, and room dividers. Clopay also manufactures and markets commercial sectional doors, which are similar to residential garage doors, but are designed to meet the more demanding performance specifications of a commercial application. 
 
 Customers 
 
 Clopay is currently the exclusive supplier of residential garage doors throughout North America to Home Depot and Menards. The loss of either of these customers would have a material adverse effect on Clopay and Griffon. Clopay distributes its garage doors directly to customers from its manufacturing facilities and through its distribution centers located throughout the U.S. and Canada. These distribution centers allow Clopay to maintain an inventory of garage doors near installing dealers and provide quick-ship service to retail and professional dealer customers. 
 
 Product Development 
 
 Clopay product development efforts focus on both new products and improvements to existing products. Products are developed through in-house design and engineering staffs. 
 
 Clopay operates technical development centers where its research engineers design and develop new products and technologies and perform durability and performance testing of new and existing products, materials and finishes. Clopay continually improves its door offerings through these development efforts, focusing on characteristics such as strength, design, operating performance and durability, and energy efficiency. The process engineering teams also work to develop new manufacturing processes and production techniques aimed at improving manufacturing efficiencies and ensuring quality-made products. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 The Clopay sales and marketing organization supports our customers, consults on new product development and aggressively markets door solutions, with a primary focus on the North American market. Clopay maintains a strong promotional presence, in both traditional and digital media. 
 
 10 

Clopay customers utilize a proprietary residential door web application, the MyDoor mobile enabled app, that guides consumers through an easy to use visualization and pricing program, allowing them to select the optimal door for their home. For Clopay's commercial products, Clopay's Commercial Door Quoter (CDQ and CornellCookson's WebGen systems are available to assist our professional dealers streamline their quoting and submittal process for greater productivity and back office efficiency improvement. 
 
 Raw Materials and Suppliers 
 
 The principal raw material used in Clopay's manufacturing is galvanized steel. Clopay also utilizes certain hardware components, as well as wood and insulated foam. All raw materials are generally available from a number of sources. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The sectional garage door and commercial rolling steel door industry includes several large national manufacturers and many smaller, regional and local manufacturers. Clopay competes on the basis of service, quality, price, brand awareness and product design. 
 
 Clopay brand names are widely recognized in the building products industry. Clopay believes that it has earned a reputation among installing dealers and retailers for producing a broad range of innovative, high-quality doors with industry leading lead times. Clopay's market position and brand recognition are key marketing tools for expanding its customer base, leveraging its distribution network and increasing its market share. 
 
 Manufacturing and Distribution 
 
 Clopay's principal manufacturing facilities include 1,480,000 square feet in Troy and Russia, Ohio, 279,000 square feet in Mountain Top, Pennsylvania and 163,000 square feet in Goodyear, Arizona. 
 
 On January 31, 2019, Clopay announced a 14,000 investment in facilities infrastructure and equipment at its rolling steel manufacturing location in Mountain Top, Pennsylvania. This project included a 95,000 square foot expansion to the already existing 184,000 square foot facility, along with the addition of state-of-the-art manufacturing equipment. Through this expansion, the Mountain Top location improved its manufacturing efficiency and shipping operations, as well as increased manufacturing capacity to support full-rate production of new and core products. The project was completed at the end of calendar 2019. 
 Clopay distributes its products through a wide range of distribution channels, including a national network of 52 distribution centers with a total of approximately 1,100,000 square feet. Additionally, products are sold to over 2,500 independent professional installing dealers and to major home center retail chains including Home Depot and Menards (with the average length of the relationship with these customers being greater than 25 years). Clopay maintains strong relationships with its installing dealers and believes it is the largest supplier of sectional garage doors to the retail and professional installing channels in North America and the largest supplier of rolling steel door products in North America. Clopay is currently the exclusive supplier of residential garage doors throughout North America to Home Depot and Menards. 
 
 Discontinued Operation: 
 
 DEFENSE ELECTRONICS 
 
 On September 27, 2021, Griffon announced it is exploring strategic alternatives for its Defense Electronics segment, which consists of Telephonics Corporation ("Telephonics"). As a result, Griffon classified the results of operations of the Telephonics business as a discontinued operation in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for all periods presented and classified the related assets and liabilities associated with the discontinued operation as held for sale in the consolidated balance sheets. Accordingly, all references made to results and information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are to Griffon's continuing operations unless noted otherwise. 
 
 Telephonics, founded in 1933, is recognized globally as a leading provider of highly sophisticated intelligence, surveillance and communications solutions that are deployed across a wide range of land, sea and air applications. Telephonics designs, develops, manufactures and provides logistical support and lifecycle sustainment services to defense, aerospace and commercial customers worldwide. In 2021, approximately 69 of the DE sales were to the U.S. Government and agencies thereof, as a prime or subcontractor, 26 to international customers and 5 to U.S. commercial customers. Telephonics is headquartered in Farmingdale, New York and currently has approximately 700 employees. 
 11 

Internationally, demand is growing due to major system capability upgrades in existing systems and re-capitalization of aging assets. The U.S. is the largest exporter of defense equipment in the world, and is expected to remain so for the foreseeable future, with significant increases in defense budgets expected in countries that have historically imported defense products from the U.S. such as Saudi Arabia, UAE, Taiwan, Australia, India, South Korea and Japan, among others. 
 
 Domestic and international defense market trends bode well for business opportunities for Telephonics products supporting Imaging and Surveillance Radar Systems, Communications, Surveillance and Border Surveillance. 
 
 On December 18, 2020, Defense Electronics completed the sale of its SEG business for 15,000. SEG provides sophisticated, highly technical engineering and analytical support to the Missile Defense Agency and various U.S. military commands. SEG had sales of approximately 7,000 for the first fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2020 and 31,000 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. DE recorded a pre-tax gain of 5,291 5,443, including a net tax benefit of 152) related to the divestiture of SEG. 
 
 Telephonics is organized into four primary business lines: Radar Systems, Surveillance, Communications and Telephonics Large Scale Integration (TLSI). 
 
 Radar: Telephonics provides a wide range of high-performing, lightweight and cost-effective maritime surveillance and weather avoidance radar systems for fixed- and rotary-wing aircraft, Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) and shipboard platforms to the U.S. Government and numerous international defense agencies. Telephonics is also the sole provider of the US Navy s AN/APS-153 multi-mode radar and the communications suite within the MH-60R/S multi-mission helicopters. Our maritime surveillance radars offer advanced features such as Ground Moving Target Indicator (GMTI), Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR), Inverse Synthetic Aperture Radar (ISAR), Automatic Identification System (AIS) and weather avoidance. Telephonics is developing the next generation multi-mode maritime and over-land surveillance Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) radar known as MOSAIC. 
 
 Surveillance: Telephonics is a global leader in Identification Friend or Foe (IFF), Monopulse Secondary Surveillance Radars (MSSR) and Air Traffic Control (ATC) systems enabling military and civilian air traffic controllers to effectively identify aircraft and vehicles as friendly. Telephonics provides both equipment and supporting services required to safely and reliably control flight operations. These systems are used by the U.S. Army, U.S. Navy, U.S. Air Force, U.S. Marines, Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA"), NATO and numerous international defense agencies including those of Japan and South Korea. They have been fielded globally in a wide range of ground, air and sea-based applications. 
 
 Communications: Telephonics' advanced wired and wireless communication systems provide the digital backbone for defense and civil platforms worldwide, including fixed- and rotary-wing aircraft, lighter-than-air aircraft and ground control shelters. These systems are designed to meet stringent customer requirements to support adaptability to special missions and communications protocol requirements. Telephonics' vehicle-based intercommunications systems deliver traditional intercom system capabilities while incorporating software-defined features, including an open architecture for integration into vehicle C4 (command, control, communications and computing) systems, networked communications gateways and combat vehicles. Commercial audio products and headsets are utilized worldwide in a wide range of military and civilian applications, including audiometric testing and onboard flight entertainment. Telephonics communications systems are fielded within the U.S. Army, U.S. Navy, U.S. Air Force, U.S. Marines and numerous international defense agencies. These systems are also sold to aerospace manufacturers, commercial airlines and audiometric original equipment manufacturers. 
 
 Telephonics Large Scale Integration (TLSI): TLSI has designed nearly 400 mixed-signal custom Application Specific Integrated Circuits (ASICs) for customers in the automotive, industrial, defense/avionics and smart energy markets. TLSI works with its customers' technical teams, taking complete responsibility for the ASIC development process, from the initial ASIC specification definition through qualification and volume production, to meet the most stringent customer program requirements. Over 10 million ASICs are shipped every year. 
 
 To meet the unique challenges of operating in an increasingly complex industry that is faced with continued economic and budgetary pressure on U.S. defense procurement, Telephonics has adapted its core surveillance and communications products, typically used by the U.S. government and its agencies, to meet the needs of international customers in both defense and commercial markets. Telephonics' two largest product lines include maritime surveillance radar and aircraft intercommunication management systems and as Telephonics continues to concentrate on adjacent markets to grow these 
 12 

product lines both domestically and internationally, the company remains focused on delivering high-quality products and services that protect military personnel and civilian interests world-wide. 
 
 Telephonics leading-edge products and services are well-positioned to address the needs of a fully integrated and modernized battlefield with an emphasis on providing complete situational awareness to the warfighter whether on the ground, in the air or at sea, providing timely, secure and accurate intelligence. Telephonics anticipates that the need for secure, integrated surveillance and communications capabilities will continue to increase as the U.S. and foreign militaries expand their role in fighting terrorism both at home and abroad. Telephonics has also invested in design and development of technologies focused on advanced intelligence and surveillance sensors with applications in both manned and unmanned systems, as well as border and perimeter security markets. 
 
 Telephonics is a partner in Mahindra Telephonics Integrated Systems, a Joint Venture (JV) with Mahindra Defense Systems in India. The business is focused on providing the Indian defense and civil sectors with surveillance, communications and IFF systems. The JV also intends to provide air traffic management (ATM), border and perimeter security and other surveillance technologies to meet emerging demands. 
 
 Programs and Products 
 
 Based on long-established relationships supported by existing contractual arrangements, Telephonics is a first-tier supplier to prime contractors in the defense industry such as Lockheed Martin Corporation ("Lockheed Martin", which includes Sikorsky Aircraft), The Boeing Company ("Boeing"), Northrop Grumman Corporation ("Northrop Grumman"), Airbus Military, Airbus Helicopters, Leonardo (AgustaWestland) Helicopters, and SAAB (with the average length of the relationship with these customers being greater than 20 years), and is a prime contractor to the U.S. Department of Defense and FAA. The significance of each of these customers to Telephonics revenue fluctuates on an annual basis, based on the timing and funding of the Original Equipment Manufacturers OEM contract award, and the technological scope of the work required. Key products include maritime radars, identification friend or foe systems, mobile surveillance and communication systems. The significant contraction and consolidation in the U.S. and international defense industry provides opportunities for established first-tier suppliers to capitalize on existing relationships with major prime contractors and to play a larger role in defense systems development and procurement for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Telephonics successfully leveraged its core Surveillance technologies to develop a solution, now fielded by the FAA as a part of the Common Terminal Digitizer (CTD) program, at numerous air surveillance radar sites across the United States. Telephonics expects to continue to leverage its technology to improve the value proposition offered to future FAA radar infrastructure upgrade programs. 
 
 Telephonics continues to direct resources towards border surveillance and critical infrastructure security initiatives. These opportunities represent strategic advances for Telephonics by enabling it to expand its core technical expertise into the nascent and growing border and perimeter security markets, both in the U.S. and abroad. With many of these programs, system specifications and operational and test requirements are challenging, exacerbated by demanding delivery schedules. Telephonics believes that the technological capabilities these systems encompass will also be able to serve and protect the most complex borders. 
 
 Backlog 
 
 The funded contract backlog for Telephonics was approximately 352,200 at September 30, 2021 with 62 expected to be fulfilled in the next 12 months; backlog was 370,000 at September 30, 2020 (excludes approximately 10,000 of SEG related backlog). 
 
 Backlog is defined as unfilled firm orders for products and services for which funding has been both authorized and appropriated by the customer or U.S. Congress, in the case of U.S. Government agencies. Backlog generally increases with bookings and converts into revenue as we incur costs related to contractual commitments or the shipment of product. The decrease in backlog was primarily attributed to the timing of various international and domestic contract awards with radar, surveillance and communications that were not received by the end of the reporting period. Timing of Domestic awards were impacted by COVID driving significant remote work and inefficiency. Given the nature of our business and a larger dependency on international customers, our bookings, and therefore our backlog, is impacted by the longer maturation cycles resulting in delays in the timing and amounts of such awards, which are subject to numerous factors, including fiscal constraints placed on customer budgets; political uncertainty; the timing of customer negotiations; and the timing of governmental approvals. 
 13 

Customers 
 
 The U.S. Government, through prime contractors like Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, and Boeing, is a significant customer of Telephonics. The loss of the U.S. Government or any of its prime contractors as a customer could have a material adverse effect on Telephonics business. Notwithstanding the significance of Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman and Boeing, Telephonics sells to a diverse group of other domestic and international defense industry contractors, as well as others who use Telephonics products for commercial use. 
 
 Telephonics participates in a range of long-term defense and non-military government programs, both in the U.S. and internationally. Telephonics has developed a base of installed products that generate significant recurring revenue from product enhancements and retrofits, as well as providing spare parts and customer support. Due to the inherent complexity of these electronic systems, Telephonics believes that its incumbent status on major platforms provides a competitive advantage in the selection process for platform upgrades and enhancements. Furthermore, Telephonics believes that its ability to leverage and apply its advanced technology to new platforms provides a competitive advantage when bidding for new business. 
 
 Research and Development (R D) 
 
 In order to continue to offer affordable and technologically advanced solutions that provide relevant and required features, Telephonics works closely with prime customers to ensure that there is a future market for its products by investing R D funds in desired enhancements. Telephonics continually updates its core technologies through internally funded R D while coordinating with customers at the earliest stages of new program development in an effort to provide solutions well in advance of its competitors. Internally funded R D costs include basic and applied research initiatives, development activities, and other conceptual formulation studies. Telephonics is a technological leader in its core markets and pursues new growth opportunities by leveraging its systems design and engineering capabilities, and incumbent position, on key platforms. 
 
 In addition to products for defense programs, Telephonics' technology is also used in commercial applications such as airborne weather, search and rescue radar, and air traffic management systems. Telephonics reputation for innovative product design and engineering capabilities, especially in the areas of voice and data communications, radio frequency design, digital signal processing, networking systems, inverse synthetic aperture radar and analog, and digital and mixed-signal integrated circuits, will continue to enhance its ability to secure, retain and expand its participation in defense programs and commercial opportunities. 
 
 Telephonics often designs its products to exceed customers minimum specifications, providing its customers with greater performance, flexibility, and value. Telephonics believes that early participation and communication with its customers in the requirements definition stages of new program development increases the likelihood that its products will be selected and integrated as part of a total system solution. 
 
 Telephonics is currently investing in an Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) based radar solution to address emerging requirements in the maritime and overland radar markets. Continued investments in the Surveillance product portfolio are expected to result in market penetration opportunities in the ground tactical markets with small form factor passive and active IFF solutions. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Telephonics has technical business development personnel who act as the focal point for its marketing activities and sales representatives who introduce its products and systems to customers worldwide. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Telephonics competes with major manufacturers of electronic information and communication systems, as well as several smaller manufacturers of similar products. Telephonics endeavors to design high quality and reliable products with greater performance and flexibility than its competitors while competing on the basis of technology, innovative solutions, and price. 
 
 Manufacturing Facilities 
 
 Telephonics manufacturing facilities are located in the U.S., with significant facilities located in New York and North Carolina. 
 
 14 

Intellectual Property 
 
 In the government and defense business, formal intellectual property rights are of limited value. Therefore, the Telephonics business tends to hold most of its important intellectual property as trade secrets, which it protects through the use of contract terms and carefully restricting access to its technology. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 Telephonics, which sells directly and indirectly to the U.S. Government, is subject to certain regulations, laws and standards set by the U.S. Government. Additionally, Telephonics is subject to routine audits and investigations by U.S. Government Agencies such as the Defense Contract Audit Agency, the Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency, with respect to its classified contracts, and other Inspectors General. These agencies review a contractor s performance under its contracts, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards, including those relating to facility and personnel security clearances. These agencies also review the adequacy of, and a contractor s compliance with, its internal control systems and policies, including the contractor s management, purchasing, property, estimating, compensation, and accounting and information systems. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Telephonics revenue is generally driven by the delivery requirements of its customers; accordingly, Telephonics will often have increased revenue in the latter half of the year due to the U.S. government's annual budget cycle. 
 
 Griffon Corporation 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, Griffon and its subsidiaries employ approximately 6,700 employees, excluding approximately 700 employees related to Telephonics discontinued operation, located primarily throughout the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, Mexico and China. Generally, the total number of employees of Griffon and its subsidiaries does not significantly fluctuate throughout the year. However, acquisition activity or the opening of new branches or lines of business may increase the number of employees or fluctuations in the level of Griffon's business activity, which could in turn require staffing level adjustments in response to actual or anticipated customer demand. 
 
 Approximately 300 of these employees, excluding approximately 60 employees employed by Telephonics, are covered by collective bargaining agreements in the U.S., with the United Steel, Paper and Forestry, Rubber, Manufacturing, Energy, Allied Industrial and Service Workers International Union (an affiliate of the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations), and the United Food Commercial Workers International Union. Additionally, approximately 200 employees in Canada are represented by the Trade Union Advisory Committee. Griffon believes its relationships with its employees are satisfactory. 
 
 In managing its human capital resources, Griffon aims to attract a qualified workforce through an inclusive and accessible recruiting process that utilizes online recruiting platforms, campus outreach, internships and job fairs. Griffon also seeks to retain employees by offering competitive wages, benefits and training opportunities, as well as promoting a safe and healthy workplace. Griffon and all of its businesses strictly comply with all applicable state, local and international laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which Griffon and its businesses have facilities. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. All applicants and employees are treated with the same high level of respect regardless of their gender, ethnicity, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic presented unprecedented challenges in many parts of our businesses and operations, including with respect to our most valuable asset - our people. In response, we developed and implemented new procedures and protocols to minimize the risk to the health and safety of our employees while allowing us to continue to operate our facilities and provide high quality products to our customers on a timely basis. Employees that could work from home were strongly encouraged (and in some cases, required) to do so in order to minimize the number of employees in our facilities. For onsite employees, we implemented protocols for social distancing, sanitation and mask-wearing. We developed systems and purchased new equipment to facilitate the efficient sanitation and disinfection of all work areas. We reconfigured work processes to allow additional spacing between associates whenever possible; eliminated seating in common areas of many buildings to allow for appropriate distancing; staggered shifts and start, stop and break times; and at many facilities we began monitoring 
 15 

temperatures of all employees entering the facility. We also restricted visitors and pre-screened all contractors who required access to our facilities. We implemented appreciation award programs for many of our U.S. employees who continued to work onsite during the pandemic. We have continuously reviewed, upgraded and improved these procedures and policies as circumstances have required. Throughout the pandemic nearly all our facilities around the globe have remained open and we have made every effort to meet our customers demands for our products, while at the same time making the necessary investments to ensure that we prioritize the health, safety and welfare of our employees. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 Griffon s operations are subject to various environmental, health, and employee safety laws and regulations. Griffon believes that it is in material compliance with these laws and regulations. Historically, compliance with environmental, health, and employee safety laws and regulations have not materially affected, and are not expected to materially affect, Griffon s capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. Nevertheless, Griffon cannot guarantee that, in the future, it will not incur additional costs for compliance or that such costs will not be material. 
 
 Customers 
 
 A small number of customers account for, and are expected to continue to account for, a substantial portion of Griffon s consolidated revenue. In 2021, Home Depot represented 19 of Griffon s consolidated revenue, 26 of CPP's revenue and 10 of HBP's revenue. 
 
 No other customer accounted for 10 or more of consolidated revenue. Future operating results will continue to substantially depend on the success of Griffon s largest customers and Griffon's relationships with them. Orders from these customers are subject to change and may fluctuate materially. The loss of all or a portion of volume from any one of these customers could have a material adverse impact on Griffon s financial results, liquidity and operations. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Griffon s revenue and income are generally lowest in our first and fourth quarters ending December 31, and September 30, respectively, and highest in our second and third quarters ending March 31, and June 30, respectively, primarily due to the seasonality within the AMES and Clopay businesses. In 2021, 53 of AMES' sales occurred during the second and third quarters compared to 53 and 56 in 2020 and 2019, respectively. In 2021 and 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, sales orders shifted somewhat into the third and fourth quarters resulting in revenue increasing in these two quarters to 55 in each of 2021 and 2020 sales. Clopay s business is driven by renovation and construction during warm weather, which is generally at reduced levels during the winter months, generally in our second quarter. 
 
 Demand for lawn and garden products is influenced by weather, particularly weekend weather during peak gardening season. AMES' sales volume can be adversely affected by certain weather patterns such as unseasonably cool or warm temperatures, hurricanes, water shortages or floods. In addition, lack of snow or lower than average snowfall during the winter season may result in reduced sales of certain AMES' products, such as snow shovels and other snow tools. As a result, AMES' results of operations, financial results and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Financial Information About Geographic Areas 
 
 Segment and operating results are included in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 For geographic financial information, see the Reportable Segment footnote in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Griffon s non-U.S. businesses are primarily in Canada, Australia, the U.K., Mexico and China. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Griffon s businesses are encouraged to improve existing products as well as develop new products to satisfy customer needs; expand revenue opportunities; maintain or extend competitive advantages; increase market share and reduce production costs. R D costs, not recoverable under contractual arrangements, are charged to expense as incurred. 
 
 16 

Intellectual Property 
 
 Griffon follows a practice of actively protecting and enforcing its proprietary rights in the U.S. and throughout the world where Griffon s products are sold. All intellectual property information presented in this section is as of September 30, 2021. 
 Trademarks are of significant importance to Griffon s AMES and Clopay businesses. With 50 years of experience and innovation in the garage door industry, and over 100 years of experience in the rolling steel door industry, Clopay has a significant level of goodwill in its strong family of brands, including: Clopay , America s Favorite Doors Holmes Garage Door Company IDEAL Door and the Cornell , Cookson , and CornellCookson commercial door brands. Principal global and regional trademarks used by AMES for its tool and landscape products include AMES , True Temper , Garant , Harper , UnionTools , Westmix , Cyclone , Southern Patio , Northcote Pottery , Nylex , Hills , Kelkay , Tuscan Path , La Hacienda , Kelso , Apta , and Dynamic Design , as well as contractor-oriented brands including Razor-Back Professional Tools and Jackson Professional Tools. Storage and home organization brands within AMES include ClosetMaid , MasterSuite , Suite Symphony , Cubeicals , ExpressShelf , SpaceCreations , Maximum Load , SuperSlide and ShelfTrack . The AMES and Clopay businesses have approximately 1,305 registered trademarks and approximately 251 pending trademark applications around the world. Griffon s rights in these trademarks endure for as long as they are used and registered. 
 
 Patents are also important to the AMES and Clopay businesses. Clopay holds approximately 40 issued patents and 29 pending patent applications in the U.S., as well as approximately 16 and 29 corresponding foreign patents and patent applications, primarily related to garage door system components and operation. AMES protects its designs and product innovation through the use of patents, and currently has approximately 304 issued patents and approximately 54 pending patent applications in the U.S., as well as approximately 281 and 60 corresponding foreign patents and patent applications, respectively. Design patents are generally valid for fourteen years, and utility patents are generally valid for twenty years, from the date of filing. Griffon's patents are in various stages of their terms of validity. 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 Griffon and its operating companies have taken into account environmental, social and governance (ESG) considerations in the management of our businesses for years. This year, Griffon formalized its ESG commitment by subscribing to the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and reinforcing its commitment to protecting the environment and our workers, and to ethical and transparent behavior in our business relationships. The Griffon ESG policy can be found on the Griffon website at www.griffon.com. The ESG section of our website also provides details on some of the Company s efforts and commitments in the environmental, social and governance areas as well as a statement from Ronald J. Kramer, our Chief Executive Officer, reinforcing management s strong support for our ESG efforts. 
 As part of its commitment to the Sustainable Development Goals contained in the UNGC, Griffon will periodically communicate the status of its ESG goals, starting with the publication of its inaugural FY21 ESG Report. The fiscal 2021 ESG Report will discuss community involvement, charitable giving, employee safety, employee education and welfare, energy consumption, water consumption, waste generated, recycled raw materials, and packaging initiatives. During fiscal 2021, Griffon began gathering ESG metrics in each of these areas. The fiscal 2021 ESG Report will be benchmarked against the UNGC Sustainable Development Goals and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Standards applicable to Griffon s businesses. We are preparing to set ESG goals based on the metrics gathered in fiscal 2021 and will begin announcing these goals in fiscal 2022. 
 
 Griffon has assessed the environmental risk from its operations and has focused its efforts to date on areas with the potential to have the greatest environmental impact. Where available, we use recycled materials to construct our products, and we continuously improve our packaging to reduce both volume and environmental impact. For example, bags used for AMES Kelkay aggregate products in the UK are made from plant-based materials, and not from petroleum. Seventy percent of the steel used in Clopay garage doors is recycled steel. AMES is a member of the Appalachian Hardwood Manufacturers Association, which provides sustainable hardwoods for AMES tools, and is committed to purchasing hardwoods through the Sustainable Forestry Initiative. 
 
 Griffon has made a focused effort to reduce carbon emissions by reducing electricity and natural gas usage at its operating facilities. Our Clopay business also helps its customers reduce their own carbon footprints by providing garage doors that meet LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) building construction standards. While Griffon s facilities are not large consumers of water, we routinely examine options to reduce water usage or reuse water at our facilities. AMES used recycled AMES and ClosetMaid tools and scrap materials in the construction of the new AMES and ClosetMaid headquarters facility in the Orlando, Florida area. Over the years, Griffon operating companies have reduced the use of solvents and other chemicals and now rarely generate hazardous waste of any kind. 
 
 17 

Our operating companies are involved in the local communities in which they operate, where we have chosen to expand United States based production facilities rather than outsource production. We are involved in more than 100 charitable and community organizations, including well known national concerns such as Habitat for Humanity, Boys and Girls Clubs, the Home Depot Foundation (Diamond Sponsor) and the American Cancer Society, as well as local groups such as garden clubs. For example, employees at our Telephonics subsidiary established and maintained a produce garden, donating all of the food grown to local food pantries. Employees at our Clopay subsidiary built a new home for Habitat for Humanity, and our AMES subsidiary contributed tools and products to that effort. Our communities know that they can count on us in a crisis. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic presented unprecedented challenges in many parts of our businesses and operations, including with respect to our most valuable asset - our people. In response, we developed and implemented new procedures and protocols to minimize the risk to the health and safety of our employees while allowing us to continue to operate our facilities and provide high quality products to our customers on a timely basis. Employees that could work from home were strongly encouraged (and in some cases, required) to do so in order to minimize the number of employees in our facilities. For onsite employees, we implemented protocols for social distancing, sanitation and mask-wearing. We developed systems and purchased new equipment to facilitate the efficient sanitation and disinfection of all work areas. We reconfigured work processes to allow additional spacing between associates whenever possible; eliminated seating in common areas of many buildings to allow for appropriate distancing; staggered shifts and start, stop and break times; and at many facilities we began monitoring temperatures of all employees entering the facility. We also restricted visitors and pre-screened all contractors who required access to our facilities. We implemented appreciation award programs for many of our U.S. employees who continued to work onsite during the pandemic. We have continuously reviewed, upgraded and improved these procedures and policies as circumstances have required. Throughout the pandemic nearly all our facilities around the globe have remained open and we have made every effort to meet our customers demands for our products, while at the same time making the necessary investments to ensure that we prioritize the health, safety and welfare of our employees. 
 
 Over the last three years, we have invested millions of dollars in capital improvements relating to energy consumption and to employee safety and health. These improvements include lighting energy efficiency projects saving in excess of 1.5 million kilowatt-hours, major upgrades to our loading and unloading operations (which had been the source of a significant portion of our worker injuries), ergonomic improvements, machine guarding and elimination of certain high-risk repetitive jobs through use of robotics. Griffon has also invested significant time and capital reducing ergonomic injuries through better work positioning and lifting improvements. We have seen significant reductions in both the number and severity of employee injuries in recent years. Griffon has also invested over one million dollars in improvements to employee welfare facilities, such as break areas and cafeterias. We view our employees as more than just workers. Through our Employee Stock Ownership Plan, our U.S. employees own approximately nine percent of Griffon stock. Our businesses engage in a variety of outreach programs in the various communities in which we operate to recruit new employees at all levels. These programs involve high schools and vocational schools, as well as colleges and universities, and often include internships as a means for potential new employees to experience what it is like to be part of our team. We also have a variety of onboarding programs, onsite job training programs, leadership development programs, and tuition reimbursement and education assistance policies to further the development and advancement of our employees. 
 
 In all of our geographies, we use on-site inspections and specific contractual terms to manage our supply chains to ensure compliance with environmental and social laws and regulations, as well as our policies in these areas, including with respect to human rights, child labor, slave labor and unsafe working conditions. Telephonics requires that its subcontractors and suppliers periodically certify adherence to various Telephonics policies, such as those relating to human trafficking, corporate ethics and the prohibition of gratuities. All significant AMES suppliers worldwide must periodically submit to a Factory Compliance and Capacity Assessment, which evaluates not only quality control and vendor capabilities, but assesses to what extent each supplier emphasizes environmental, labor and social considerations in the operation of its business. These activities have continued despite the travel difficulties caused by COVID. In China, where AMES both operates a manufacturing facility and sources materials and products from third parties, AMES has dedicated compliance personnel who report directly into AMES Vice President and General Counsel. 
 
 Honesty, transparency, and ethical practices have been ordinary course at Griffon for decades, and we continue to review and upgrade our programs in these areas. Our Code of Business Ethics and Conduct ("Code"), to which every employee certifies annually, requires that each and every employee conduct business to the highest ethical standards. Any acts of bribery are strictly prohibited, as is human trafficking and activities supporting human trafficking, such as the use of conflicts minerals. The Code prohibits all business courtesies except for those with an insignificant value, and even then, only under limited circumstances. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines are published on our website. While the guidelines require that a majority of directors be independent, currently all of our directors are independent except our CEO and our President (constituting over 85 of our directors). Griffon has appointed a lead independent director and has four principal board committees - Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance, and Finance - each of which has its responsibilities set forth in a charter available on the Griffon website. 
 
 18 

We expect each of our employees around the world to work hard to deliver outstanding products to our customers and to deliver value to our shareholders. And, while doing so, we expect them to respect and adhere to our environmental, social and governance commitments and policies, and to make our company a place at which all employees are proud to come to work every day. 
 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 
 The following is a current list of Griffon s executive officers: 
 Name Age Positions Held and Prior Business Experience Ronald J. Kramer 63 Chief Executive Officer since April 2008, Chairman of the Board since January 2018, Director since 1993, Vice Chairman of the Board from November 2003 to January 2018. From 2002 through March 2008, President and a Director of Wynn Resorts, Ltd. (Nasdaq:WYNN), a developer, owner and operator of destination casino resorts. From 1999 to 2001, Managing Director at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein, an investment banking firm, and its predecessor Wasserstein Perella Co. Member of the board of directors of Business Development Corporation of America and Franklin BSP Capital Corporation. Robert F. Mehmel 59 Director since May 2018, President and Chief Operating Officer since December 2012. From August 2008 to October 2012, President and Chief Operating Officer of DRS Technologies (Formerly NYSE:DRS) ("DRS"), a supplier of integrated products, services and support to military forces, intelligence agencies and prime contractors worldwide. From May 2006 to August 2008, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of DRS and from January 2001 to May 2006, Executive Vice President, Business Operations and Strategy, of DRS. Brian G. Harris 52 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2015. From November 2012 to July 2015, Vice President and Controller of Griffon. From July 2009 to July 2015, Griffon's Chief Accounting Officer. From May 2005 to June 2009, Assistant Controller of Dover Corporation, a diversified global manufacturer (NYSE:DOV). Prior to this time, held various finance and accounting roles with Hearst Argyle Television (Formerly NYSE:HTV), John Wiley and Sons, Inc. (NYSE:JW.A) and Arthur Andersen, LLP. Seth L. Kaplan 52 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since May 2010. From July 2008 to May 2010, Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary at Hexcel Corporation (NYSE:HXL), a manufacturer of advanced composite materials for space and defense, commercial aerospace and wind energy applications. From 2000 to July 2008, Senior Corporate Counsel and Assistant Secretary at Hexcel. From 1994 to 2000, associate at the law firm Winthrop, Stimson, Putnam Roberts (now Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP). 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Griffon s business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows can be impacted by a number of factors which could cause Griffon s actual results to vary materially from recent or anticipated future results. The risk factors discussed in this section should be carefully considered with all of the information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risk factors should not be considered the only risk factors facing Griffon. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known or that are currently deemed immaterial may also materially impact Griffon s business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows in the future. 
 
 In general, Griffon is subject to the same general risks and uncertainties that impact other diverse manufacturing companies including, but not limited to, general economic, industry and/or market conditions and growth rates; impact of natural disasters and pandemics, and their effect on global markets; possible future terrorist threats and their effect on the worldwide economy; and changes in laws or accounting rules. Griffon has identified the following specific risks and uncertainties that it believes have the potential to materially affect its business and financial condition. 

19 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 The COVID-19 outbreak could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 The future impact of the COVID-19 outbreak, or any other future pandemic, and the spread of the pathogen on a global basis could adversely affect our businesses in a number of respects, although the extent, nature and timing of such impact cannot be predicted as of the date of this filing. The COVID-19 outbreak has led countries around the world, as well as most states in the U.S., to implement restrictions from time-to-time relating to the operation of almost all types of businesses. Within the U.S., the standards vary from state to state, but typically require all but critical , essential or life-sustaining businesses to close all offices and facilities. We believe, based on the various standards published to date, that our businesses meet the requisite standard in all U.S states. We also believe that our businesses meet the applicable standards to remain open in Canada, the U.K., Ireland and Australia. As of the date of this filing, all of our manufacturing and distribution facilities in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Ireland, Australia and China are operating, although some of them are operating at reduced capacity as a result of our implementation of procedures designed to prevent the spread of the virus, such as social distancing and staggered shifts. However, government actions taken based on the changing nature of the outbreak in the U.S. or in other countries in which we do business, as well as the changing of standards regarding what type of facilities are permitted to remain open and evolving interpretations of existing standards, could result in additional closures of Griffon facilities. 
 Our supply chain has experienced certain disruptions which, together with other factors such as a shortage of labor, has resulted in longer delivery lead times and restricted manufacturing capacity for certain of our products. Commodity prices have increased during COVID-19 and may continue to increase, and we may not be able to pass off all or any of such price increases to our customers on a timely basis, or at all. It is difficult to predict whether the supply chain disruptions that impact us will improve, worsen or remain the same in the near term. Our suppliers could be required by government authorities to temporarily cease operations in accordance with the various restrictions discussed above; might be limited in their production capacity due to complying with restrictions relating to the operation of businesses during the COVID-19 pandemic; or could suffer their own supply chain disruptions, impacting their ability to continue to supply us with the quantity of materials required by us. 
 On September 9, 2021, President Biden announced a proposed new rule requiring that all employers with at least 100 employees require that their employees be fully vaccinated or tested weekly. The U.S. Department of Labor s Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA issued an emergency temporary standard regulation to carry out this mandate. On November 6, 2021, the Unites States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted a stay of the emergency temporary standard, and on November 12, 2021 the Court upheld its stay and barred OSHA from enforcing the mandate pending adequate judicial review of a motion for permanent injunction. At this time, it is unclear, among other things, when the vaccine mandate will go into effect (or if it will go into effect at all); whether it will apply to all employees or only to employees who work in the office; and how compliance will be documented. 
 As a company with more than 100 employees, it is anticipated that, should the vaccine mandate go into effect, we would be subject to the OSHA regulation concerning COVID-19 vaccination and the vaccine mandate. Should the mandate apply to us, we may be required to implement a requirement that all of our employees get vaccinated, subject to limited exceptions. At this time, it is not possible to predict the impact that a vaccine mandate, or a vaccine requirement should we adopt one, will have on us or on our workforce. Any vaccine requirement or vaccine mandate, if implemented, may result in employee attrition, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 If as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, including a potential resurgence of the virus in the fall and winter months, governments take additional protective actions, or extend the time period for existing protective actions, it may have a material adverse impact on Griffon s businesses and operating results. This could include additional closures of our facilities of an unknown duration, or the closure of the facilities of our customers, suppliers, or other vendors in our supply chain. Any disruption of our supply chain or the businesses of our customers could adversely impact our businesses and results of operations. The COVID-19 outbreak has recently worsened in some U.S. states, and as a result, some states have put in place new restrictions regarding the operation of many types of businesses or have tightened up restrictions already in place. Many medical experts believe that during the winter, as the weather gets colder and more people spend time with others indoors, the COVID-19 infection rate will worsen. In addition, the widespread public health crisis caused by the COVID-19 outbreak has adversely impacted the economies and financial markets worldwide, resulting in an economic downturn that has adversely impacted many businesses, including ours. The extent and duration of the impact on the global economy and financial markets from the COVID-19 outbreak is difficult to predict, and the extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak will negatively affect us and the duration of any potential business disruption is uncertain. The impact to our results will depend to a large extent on future developments and new information that may emerge regarding the duration and severity of the COVID-19 outbreak and the actions taken by authorities and other entities to contain the COVID-19 outbreak or treat its impact, and the impact of such actions, all of which are beyond our control. These potential impacts, while uncertain, could adversely affect our operating results. To the extent the COVID-19 outbreak adversely affects our businesses, operations, financial condition and operating 
 20 

results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks factors such as those relating to our high level of indebtedness, our need to generate sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness, and our ability to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements that govern our indebtedness, as described in more detail below. 
 
 Current worldwide economic uncertainty and market volatility could adversely affect Griffon s businesses. 
 
 The current worldwide economic uncertainty and market volatility could continue to have an adverse effect on Griffon during 2022, particularly within the CPP and HBP segments, which is linked to the U.S. housing and the commercial property markets, and the U.S. economy in general. Purchases of many CPP and HBP products are discretionary for consumers who are generally more willing to purchase products during periods in which favorable macroeconomic conditions prevail. These conditions could make it more difficult to obtain additional credit on favorable terms for investments in current businesses or for acquisitions, or could render financing unavailable; in addition, while we do not have any near term debt maturities, if these conditions persist, we may have difficulty refinancing our debt when it comes due. Griffon is also exposed to certain fundamental economic risks including a decrease in the demand for the products and services it offers or a higher likelihood of default on its receivables. 
 
 Adverse trends and general economic conditions, especially those that relate to construction and renovation, will impact Griffon s business. 
 
 The CPP and HBP businesses serve residential and commercial construction and renovation, and are influenced by market conditions that affect these industries. For the year ended September 30, 2021, approximately 54 and 46 of Griffon s consolidated revenue was derived from the CPP and HBP segments, respectively, which was dependent on renovation of existing homes, new home construction, and commercial non-residential construction, repair and replacement. The strength of the U.S. economy, the age of existing home stock, job growth, interest rates, consumer confidence and the availability of consumer credit, as well as demographic factors such as migration into the U.S. and migration of the population within the U.S., have an effect on CPP and HBP. To the extent market conditions for residential or commercial construction and renovation are weaker than expected, this will likely have an adverse impact on the performance and financial results of the CPP and HBP businesses. 
 
 Griffon operates in highly competitive industries and may be unable to compete effectively. 
 
 Griffon s operating companies face intense competition in the markets they serve. Griffon competes primarily on the basis of technical expertise, product differentiation, quality of products and services, and price. There are a number of competitors to Griffon, some of which are larger and have greater resources than Griffon s operating companies. Griffon's operating companies may face additional competition from companies that operate in countries with significantly lower operating costs. 
 
 Many CPP and HBP customers are large mass merchandisers, such as home centers, warehouse clubs, discount stores, commercial distributors and e-commerce companies. The growing share of the market represented by these large mass merchandisers, together with changes in consumer shopping patterns, have contributed to the increase of multi-category retailers and e-commerce companies that have strong negotiating power with suppliers. Many of these retailers import products directly from foreign suppliers to source and sell products under their own private label brands to compete with CPP and HBP products and brands, which puts increasing price pressure on the products of these businesses. In addition, the intense competition in the retail and e-commerce sectors, combined with the overall increasingly competitive economic environment, may result in a number of customers experiencing financial difficulty, or failing in the future. The loss of, or a failure by, one of CPP s or HBP s significant customers could adversely impact our sales and operating cash flows. 
 
 To address all of these challenges, CPP and HBP must be able to respond to these competitive pressures, and the failure to respond effectively could result in a loss of sales, reduced profitability and a limited ability to recover cost increases through price increases. In addition, there can be no assurance that Griffon will not encounter increased competition in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on Griffon s financial results. 
 
 21 

The loss of large customers can harm financial results. 
 
 A small number of customers account for, and are expected to continue to account for, a substantial portion of Griffon's consolidated revenue. Home Depot, Lowe s and Bunnings are significant customers of CPP, and Home Depot and Menards are significant customers of HBP. Home Depot accounted for approximately 19 of consolidated revenue, 26 of CPP's revenue and 10 HBP's revenue for the year ended September 30, 2021. Future operating results will continue to substantially depend on the success of Griffon s largest customers, as well as Griffon s relationships with them. Orders from these customers are subject to fluctuation and may be reduced materially due to changes in customer needs or other factors. Any reduction or delay in sales of products to one or more of these customers could significantly reduce Griffon s revenue. Griffon s operating results will also depend on successfully developing relationships with additional key customers. Griffon cannot assure that its largest customers will be retained or that additional key customers will be recruited. Also, both CPP and HBP extend credit to its customers, which exposes it to credit risk. The largest customer accounted for approximately 28 , 7 and 19 of the net accounts receivable of CPP, HBP and Griffon s net accounts receivable as of September 30, 2021, respectively. If this customer were to become insolvent or otherwise unable to pay its debts, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of CPP, HBP and Griffon could be adversely affected. 
 
 A significant customer of our discontinued DE segment is the U.S. Government and its agencies and subcontractors, including Lockheed Martin and Boeing, and together accounts for approximately 69 of DE revenue. 
 
 Reliance on third party suppliers and manufacturers may impair the ability of CPP and HBP to meet its customer demands. 
 
 CPP and HBP rely on a limited number of domestic and foreign companies to supply components and manufacture certain of its products. The percentage of CPP and HBP worldwide sourced finished goods as a percent of revenue approximated 40 and 8 , respectively, in 2021. The percentage of CPP and HBP's worldwide sourced components as a percent of cost of goods sold approximated 9 and 19 , respectively, in 2021. Reliance on third party suppliers and manufacturers may reduce control over the timing of deliveries and quality of both CPP and HBP products. Reduced product quality or failure to deliver products timely may jeopardize relationships with certain of CPP's and HBP's key customers. In addition, reliance on third party suppliers or manufacturers may result in the failure to meet CPP and HBP customer demands. Continued turbulence in the worldwide economy may affect the liquidity and financial condition of CPP and HBP suppliers. Should any of these parties fail to manufacture sufficient supply, go out of business or discontinue a particular component, alternative suppliers may not be found in a timely manner, if at all. Such events may impact the ability of CPP and HBP to fill orders, which could have a material adverse effect on customer relationships. 
 
 Recently, one of our suppliers informed HBP that a component it supplies to HBP was found to infringe on the intellectual property rights of one of its competitors. This supplier has assured HBP that it is developing an alternative design for such component that will allow it to continue to meet HBP s needs on an uninterrupted basis. However, should the supply of this component be interrupted, it could adversely impact HBP s business and results of operations. 
 
 If Griffon is unable to obtain raw materials for products at favorable prices it could adversely impact operating performance. 
 
 CPP and HBP suppliers primarily provide resin, wood, steel and wire rod. Both of these businesses could experience shortages of raw materials or components for products or be forced to seek alternative sources of supply. If temporary shortages due to disruptions in supply caused by weather, transportation, production delays or other factors require raw materials to be secured from sources other than current suppliers, the terms may not be as favorable as current terms or certain materials may not be available at all. In recent years, both CPP and HBP have experienced price increases for most of its raw materials. 
 
 While most key raw materials used in Griffon s businesses are generally available from numerous sources, raw materials are subject to price fluctuations. Because raw materials in the aggregate constitute a significant component of the cost of goods sold, price fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on Griffon s results of operations. Griffon s ability to pass raw material price increases to customers is limited due to supply arrangements and competitive pricing pressure, and there is generally a time lag between increased raw material costs and implementation of corresponding price increases for Griffon s products. In particular, sharp increases in raw material prices are more difficult to pass through to customers and may negatively affect short-term financial performance. 
 
 CPP is subject to risks from sourcing from international locations, especially China 
 
 CPP's business is global, with products and raw materials sourced from, manufactured in and sold in multiple countries around the world. There are risks associated with conducting a business that may be impacted by political and other developments associated with international trade. In this regard, certain products sold by CPP in the United States and elsewhere are sourced 
 22 

from China; and raw materials used by CPP may be sourced from China and therefore may have their prices impacted by tariffs imposed on trade between the United States and China. 
 
 The sourcing of CPP finished goods, components and raw materials from China are generally subject to supply agreements with Chinese companies. China does not have a well-developed, consolidated body of laws governing agreements with international customers. Enforcement of existing laws or contracts based on existing law may be uncertain and sporadic, and it may be difficult to obtain swift and equitable enforcement or to obtain enforcement of a judgment by a court of another jurisdiction. The relative inexperience of China s judiciary on matters of international trade in many cases creates additional uncertainty as to the outcome of any litigation. In addition, interpretation of statutes and regulations in China may be subject to government policies or political changes. 
 
 Because of the volume of sourcing by CPP from China, the ongoing trade dispute between the U.S. and China, including the imposition of tariffs on various Chinese imports into the U.S. at various times since March 2018, represents a continuing risk to CPP revenue and operating performance. The United States entered into what is described as Phase 1 trade agreement with China on January 15, 2020, which reduces some existing tariffs that had been imposed and defers proposed increases of the tariff rate on an additional 250 billion of Chinese goods from 25 to 30 that had been planned for October 15, 2019, and proposed 15 tariffs on an additional 160 billion of a wide range of goods and materials imported from China to be effective December 15, 2019. Under the Phase 1 agreement, existing 25 tariffs previously imposed on 250 billion of Chinese goods will remain in place, while a 15 tariff on another 120 billion of Chinese goods has been reduced to 7.5 . In response, China has imposed tariffs on certain U.S. products, some of which are being reduced as part of the Phase 1 agreement. China may take additional actions if additional U.S. tariffs are reduced or imposed. On May 8, 2020, the two countries reaffirmed their Phase 1 trade agreement notwithstanding the COVID-19 pandemic. In October 2021 the U.S. and Chinese trade representatives discussed the status of the Phase 1 agreement after the Biden administration outlined its agenda for trade policy with China. The Biden administration has indicated it will continue the strict tariffs against Chinese imports to maintain pressure on China to live up to its commitments under the Phase 1 agreement, while reinstating the process for U.S. importers to seek exclusions from the tariffs. In view of the early stage of re-engagement on trade policy between the Chinese and U.S. governments, any potential impact on our business remains uncertain. Any escalation of trade tensions or the imposition of additional tariffs by the U.S. Government on various steel and aluminum finished goods, as well as a variety of resins, fabrics and wood products could materially affect our operations. As a result of these tariffs and the fluid nature of ongoing trade negotiations, we intend to continue to manage our China supply base, which may include raising prices on certain goods. This may in turn result in reduced sales or the loss of customers and could impact our operating performance. 
 
 The continuing political and economic conflicts between U.S. and China have resulted in and may continue to cause retaliatory policies from both countries, including a recent executive order issued by the U.S. President eliminating the preferential trade status of Hong Kong in response to China s action to impose new security measures and regulation on Hong Kong. We cannot predict what new and additional retaliatory policies and regulations may be implemented by the Chinese government in response to U.S. actions, and such policies and regulations may adversely affect our business operations in China. 
 
 CPP and HBP operations are also subject to the effects of international trade agreements and regulations such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement, and the activities and regulations of the World Trade Organization. Although these trade agreements generally have positive effects on trade liberalization, sourcing flexibility and cost of goods by reducing or eliminating the duties and/or quotas assessed on products manufactured in a particular country, trade agreements can also adversely affect CPP and HBP businesses. For example, trade agreements can result in setting quotas on products that may be imported from a particular country into key markets including the U.S., Canada, Australia and the U.K., or may make it easier for other companies to compete by eliminating restrictions on products from countries where CPP and HBP competitors source products. 
 
 The ability of CPP and HBP to import products in a timely and cost-effective manner may continue to be affected by conditions at ports or issues that otherwise affect transportation and warehousing providers, such as port and shipping capacity, labor disputes, severe weather or increased homeland security requirements in the U.S. and other countries, as well as the potential for increased costs due to currency exchange fluctuations. These issues could delay importation of products or require CPP and HBP to locate alternative ports or warehousing providers to avoid disruption to customers. These alternatives may not be available on short notice or could result in higher transit costs, which could have an adverse impact on CPP and HBP business and financial condition. 
 
 23 

Griffon s businesses are subject to seasonal variations and the impact of uncertain weather patterns. 
 
 Griffon's revenue and earnings are generally lowest in our first and fourth quarters ending December 31, and September 30, respectively, and highest in the second and third quarters ending March 31, and June 30, respectively, primarily due to the seasonality within the AMES and Clopay businesses. In 2021, 53 of AMES' sales occurred during the second and third quarters compared to 53 and 56 in 2020 and 2019, respectively. In 2021 and 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, sales orders shifted somewhat into the third and fourth quarters resulting in revenue increasing in these two quarters to 55 in each of 2021 and 2020 sales. Clopay s business is driven by renovation and construction during warm weather, which is generally at reduced levels during the winter months, generally in our second quarter. 
 
 Telephonics historically has had higher revenue and earnings in the second half of Griffon's fiscal year ending September 30 (although this has not always been the case). 
 
 Demand for lawn and garden products is influenced by weather, particularly weekend weather during the peak gardening season. AMES' sales volumes could be adversely affected by certain weather patterns such as unseasonably cool or warm temperatures, hurricanes, water shortages or floods. In addition, lack of snow or lower than average snowfall during the winter season may result in reduced sales of certain AMES' products such as snow shovels and other snow tools. As a result, AMES' results of operations, financial results and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Unionized employees could strike or participate in a work stoppage. 
 
 At September 30, 2021, Griffon employed approximately 6,700 people on a full-time basis, excluding approximately 700 related to Telephonics, approximately 5 of whom are covered by collective bargaining or similar labor agreements (all within Telephonics and CPP). If unionized employees engage in a strike or other work stoppage, or if Griffon is unable to negotiate acceptable extensions of agreements with labor unions, a significant disruption of operations and increased operating costs could occur. In addition, any renegotiation or renewal of labor agreements could result in higher wages or benefits paid to unionized employees, which could increase operating costs and as a result have a material adverse effect on profitability. 
 
 Telephonics business depends heavily upon government contracts and, therefore, the defense budget. 
 
 Telephonics sells products to the U.S. Government and its agencies both directly and indirectly as a first-tier supplier to prime contractors in the defense industry such as Lockheed Martin, Boeing and Northrop Grumman. In the year ended September 30, 2021, U.S. government contracts and subcontracts accounted for approximately 10 of the combined revenue of Griffon s consolidated revenue and Telephonics revenue. Contracts involving the U.S. government may include various risks, including: 
 
 Termination for default or for convenience by the government; 
 Reduction or modification in the event of changes in the government s requirements or budgetary constraints; 
 Increased or unexpected costs, causing losses or reduced profits under contracts where Telephonics prices are fixed, or determinations that certain costs are not allowable under particular government contracts; 
 The failure or inability of the prime contractor to perform its contract under circumstances in which Telephonics is a subcontractor; 
 Failure to observe and comply with government and procurement regulations such that Telephonics could be suspended or barred from bidding on or receiving awards of new government contracts; 
 The failure of the government to exercise options for additional work provided for in contracts; 
 The inherent discretion of government agencies in determining whether Telephonics has complied with all specifications set forth in a government contract; and 
 The government s right, in certain circumstances, to freely use technology developed under these contracts. 
 
 Telephonics U.S. Government end-user contracts contain a termination for convenience clause, regardless if Telephonics is the prime contractor or the subcontractor. This clause generally entitles Telephonics, upon a termination for convenience, to receive the purchase price for delivered items, reimbursement of allowable work-in-process costs, and an allowance for profit. Allowable costs would include the costs to terminate existing agreements with suppliers. 
 
 The programs in which Telephonics participate may extend for several years, and may be funded on an incremental basis. Decreases in the U.S. defense budget, in particular with respect to programs to which Telephonics supplies materials, could have a material adverse impact on Telephonics' financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. The U.S. government may not continue to fund programs to which Telephonics development projects apply. Even if funding is continued, Telephonics may fail to compete successfully to obtain funding pursuant to such programs. Reductions to funding on existing 
 24 

programs or delays in the funding of new opportunities could affect the timing of revenue recognition, and impact Telephonics' and Griffon's results of operations. 
 
 Telephonics business could be adversely affected by a government shutdown 
 
 The impact of a government shutdown for any duration could have a material adverse effect on Telephonics revenues, profits and cash flows. Telephonics relies on government personnel to conduct routine business processes related to the inspection and delivery of products for various programs, to approve and pay certain billings and invoices, to process export licenses and for other administrative services that, if disrupted, could have an immediate impact on Telephonics business. 
 
 Telephonics business could be adversely affected by a negative audit by the U.S. Government 
 
 As a government contractor, and a subcontractor to government contractors, Telephonics is subject to audits and investigations by U.S. Government Agencies such as the Defense Contract Audit Agency, the Defense Security Service, with respect to its classified contracts, other Inspectors General and the Department of Justice. These agencies review a contractor s performance under its contracts, its cost structure and compliance with applicable laws and standards as well as compliance with applicable regulations, including those relating to facility and personnel security clearances. These agencies also review the adequacy of, and a contractor s compliance with, its internal control systems and policies, including the contractor s management, purchasing, property, estimating, compensation, and accounting and information systems. Any costs found to be misclassified or improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed, or must be refunded if already billed and collected. Griffon could incur significant expenses in complying with audits and subpoenas issued by the government in aid of inquiries and investigations. If an audit or an investigation uncovers a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or improper or illegal activities, Telephonics may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and/or administrative sanctions, which could include contract termination, forfeiture of profit, suspension of payments, fines, including treble damages, and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. Government. In addition, if allegations of impropriety are made, Telephonics and Griffon could suffer serious harm to their reputation. 
 
 Many Telephonics contracts contain performance obligations that require innovative design capabilities, are technologically complex, or are dependent upon factors not wholly within Telephonics' control. Failure to meet these obligations could adversely affect customer relations, future business opportunities, and overall profitability. 
 
 Telephonics designs, develops and manufactures advanced and innovative surveillance and communication products for a broad range of applications for use in varying environments. As with many of Telephonics' programs, system specifications, operational requirements and test requirements are challenging, exacerbated by the need for quick delivery schedules. Technical problems encountered and delays in the development or delivery of such products, as well as the inherent discretion involved in government approval related to compliance with applicable specifications of products supplied under government contracts, could prevent Telephonics from meeting contractual obligations, which could subject Telephonics to termination for default. Under a termination for default, the company is entitled to negotiate payment for undelivered work if the Government requests the transfer of title and delivery of partially completed supplies and materials. Conversely, if the Government does not make this request, there is no obligation to reimburse the company for its costs incurred. Telephonics may also be subject to the repayment of advance and progress payments, if any. Additionally, Telephonics may be liable to the Government for any of its excess costs incurred in acquiring supplies and services similar to those terminated for default, and for other damages. Should any of the foregoing events occur, it could result in a material adverse effect on Griffon's financial position. 
 
 Griffon's business could be negatively affected by cyber or other security threats or other disruptions. 
 
 Griffon and its operating companies are subjected to cyber and other security threats common to U.S. businesses. As a U.S. defense contractor, Telephonics, in particular, may be the target of cyber security threats to its information technology infrastructure and unauthorized attempts to gain access to sensitive or highly confidential information that could compromise U.S. security. The types of threats could vary from attacks common to most industries to more advanced and persistent, highly organized adversaries who target Telephonics because of national security information in its possession. Individuals and groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, including organizations sponsored by foreign countries, may use a wide variety of methods, such as deploying malicious software or exploiting vulnerabilities in hardware, software, or other infrastructure in order to gain access to our networks or using social engineering techniques to induce our employees to disclose passwords or other sensitive information or take other actions to gain access to our data. Inadequate account security practices may also result in unauthorized access to confidential data. For example, system administrators may fail to timely remove employee account access when no longer appropriate. Employees or third parties may also intentionally compromise our systems, security or confidential information. 
 25 

If Telephonics is unable to protect sensitive information, its customers or governmental authorities could question the adequacy of its security processes and procedures and its compliance with evolving government cyber security requirements for government contractors. Due to the evolving nature of these security threats, and the increasing difficulty of detecting and defending against them, the risk and impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. 
 
 The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions could be significant. Security events such as these could adversely affect Griffon's internal operations, future financial results and reputation, as well as result in the loss of competitive advantages derived from research and development efforts and other intellectual property. 
 
 Griffon may be unable to implement its acquisition growth strategy, which may result in added expenses without a commensurate increase in revenue and income, and divert management s attention. 
 
 Making strategic acquisitions is a significant part of Griffon s growth plans. The ability to successfully complete acquisitions depends on identifying and acquiring, on acceptable terms, companies that either complement or enhance currently held businesses or expand Griffon into new profitable businesses, and, for certain acquisitions, obtaining financing on acceptable terms. Additionally, Griffon must properly integrate acquired businesses in order to maximize profitability. The competition for acquisition candidates is intense and Griffon cannot assure that it will successfully identify acquisition candidates and complete acquisitions at reasonable purchase prices, in a timely manner, or at all. Further, there is a risk that acquisitions will not be properly integrated into Griffon s existing structure. Griffon closed the acquisitions of La Hacienda, Tuscan Path, ClosetMaid and Harper Brush in the months of July through November 2017, Kelkay in February 2018, CornellCookson in June 2018, Apta in November 2019 and Quatro in December 2020. This integration risk may be exacerbated when numerous acquisitions are consummated in a short time period. 
 
 In implementing an acquisition growth strategy, the following may be encountered: 
 
 Costs associated with incomplete or poorly implemented acquisitions; 
 Expenses, delays and difficulties of integrating acquired companies into Griffon s existing organization; 
 Dilution of the interest of existing stockholders; 
 Diversion of management s attention; or 
 Difficulty in obtaining financing on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 
 An unsuccessful implementation of Griffon s acquisition growth strategy, including the failure to properly integrate acquisitions, could have an adverse impact on Griffon s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. We may also incur debt or assume contingent liabilities in connection with acquisitions, which could impose restrictions on our business operations and harm our operating results. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 While Griffon s senior notes, which have limited covenants, are not due until 2028, and while its 400 million revolving line of credit, which is largely undrawn and has greater covenant requirements, does not mature until 2025, there are potential impacts from Griffon s use of debt to finance certain of its activities, especially acquisitions and expansions, as set forth below. 
 
 Compliance with restrictions and covenants in Griffon s debt agreements may limit its ability to take corporate actions. 
 
 The credit agreement entered into by, and, to a lesser extent, the terms of the senior notes issued by, Griffon each contain covenants that restrict the ability of Griffon and its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur additional debt, pay dividends, incur liens and make investments, acquisitions, dispositions, restricted payments and capital expenditures. Under the credit agreement, which is largely undrawn, Griffon is also required to comply with specific financial ratios and tests. Griffon may not be able to comply in the future with these covenants or restrictions as a result of events beyond its control, such as prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions or a change in control of Griffon. If Griffon defaults in maintaining compliance with the covenants and restrictions in its credit agreement or the senior notes, its lenders could declare all of the principal and interest amounts outstanding due and payable and, in the case of the credit agreement, terminate the commitments to extend credit to Griffon in the future. If Griffon or its subsidiaries are unable to secure credit in the future, its business could be harmed. 
 
 26 

Griffon may be unable to raise additional financing if needed. 
 
 Griffon may need to raise additional financing in the future in order to implement its business plan, refinance debt, or acquire new or complimentary businesses or assets. Any required additional financing may be unavailable, or only available at unfavorable terms, due to uncertainties in the credit markets. If Griffon raises additional funds by issuing equity securities, current holders of its common stock may experience significant ownership interest dilution and the holders of the new securities may have rights senior to the rights associated with current outstanding common stock. 
 
 Griffon s indebtedness and interest expense could limit cash flow and adversely affect operations and Griffon s ability to make full payment on outstanding debt. 
 
 Griffon s indebtedness poses potential risks such as: 
 
 A substantial portion of cash flows from operations could be used to pay principal and interest on debt, thereby reducing the funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, product development and other general corporate purposes; 
 Insufficient cash flows from operations may force Griffon to sell assets, or seek additional capital, which Griffon may not be able to secure on favorable terms, if at all; and 
 Its level of indebtedness may make Griffon more vulnerable to economic or industry downturns. 
 
 Risk Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 Griffon has the ability to issue additional equity securities, which would lead to dilution of issued and outstanding common stock. 
 
 The issuance of additional equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities would result in dilution to existing stockholders equity interests. Griffon is authorized to issue, without stockholder vote or approval, 3,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series, and has the ability to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of any such series. Any such series of preferred stock could contain dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, redemption prices, liquidation preferences or other rights superior to the rights of holders of Griffon s common stock. While there is no present intention of issuing any such preferred stock, Griffon reserves the right to do so at any time. In addition, Griffon is authorized to issue, without stockholder approval, up to 85,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 56,613,011 shares, net of treasury shares, were outstanding as of September 30, 2021. Additionally, Griffon is authorized to issue, without stockholder approval, securities convertible into either shares of common stock or preferred stock. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Each of Griffon's businesses faces risks related to the disruption of its primary manufacturing facilities. 
 
 The manufacturing facilities for each of Griffon's businesses are concentrated in just a few locations, and in the case of CPP, some of these locations are abroad in low-cost locations. Any of Griffon's manufacturing facilities are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, such as natural or man-made disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, disruptions of information technology resources, and utility interruptions. Such disruptions may cause delays in shipping products, which could result in the loss of business or customer trust, adversely affecting Griffon s businesses and operating results. 
 
 Manufacturing capacity constraints or increased manufacturing costs may have a material adverse effect on Griffon's business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Griffon s current manufacturing resources may be inadequate to meet significantly increased demand for some of its products. Griffon s ability to increase its manufacturing capacity depends on many factors, including the availability of capital, steadily increasing consumer demand, equipment delivery, construction lead-times, installation, qualification, and permitting and other regulatory requirements. Increasing capacity through the use of third-party manufacturers may depend on Griffon s ability to develop and maintain such relationships and the ability of such third parties to devote additional capacity to fill its orders. 
 
 A lack of sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet demand could cause customer service levels to decrease, which may negatively affect customer demand for Griffon's products and customer relations generally, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on Griffon's business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, operating facilities 
 27 

at or near capacity may also increase production and distribution costs and negatively impact relations with employees or contractors, which could result in disruptions to operations. 
 
 In addition, manufacturing costs may increase significantly and Griffon may not be able to pass along all or any of such increase to its customers; and when such increases are passed off to customers, there will be a time lag, which may be significant. 
 
 If CPP and HBP do not continue to develop and maintain leading brands or realize the anticipated benefits of advertising and promotion spend, its operating results may suffer. 
 
 The ability of CPP and HBP to compete successfully depends in part on the company s ability to develop and maintain leading brands so that retail and other customers will need its products to meet consumer demand. Leading brands allow both CPP and HBP to realize economies of scale in its operations. The development and maintenance of such brands require significant investment in brand-building and marketing initiatives. While CPP and HBP plan to continue to increase its expenditures for advertising and promotion and other brand-building and marketing initiatives over the long term, the initiatives may not deliver the anticipated results and the results of such initiatives may not cover the costs of the increased investment. 
 
 Griffon may be required to record impairment charges for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 
 Griffon is required to assess goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets annually for impairment or on an interim basis if changes in circumstances or the occurrence of events suggest impairment exists. If impairment testing indicates that the carrying value of reporting units or indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds the respective fair value, an impairment charge would be recognized. If goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets were to become impaired, the results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 If Griffon's subcontractors or suppliers fail to perform their obligations, Griffon's performance and ability to win future business could be harmed. 
 
 Griffon relies on other companies to provide materials, major components and products to fulfill contractual obligations. Such arrangements may involve subcontracts, teaming arrangements, or supply agreements with other companies. There is a risk that Griffon may have disputes regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed. In addition, changes in the economic environment, including defense budgets and constraints on available financing, may adversely affect the financial stability of Griffon's supply chain and their ability to meet their performance requirements or to provide needed supplies on a timely basis. A disruption or failure of any supplier could have an adverse effect on Griffon's business resulting in an impact to profitability, possible termination of a contract, imposition of fines or penalties, and harm to Griffon's reputation impacting its ability to secure future business. 
 
 Griffon s companies must continually improve existing products, design and sell new products and invest in research and development in order to compete effectively. 
 
 The markets for Griffon s products are characterized by rapid technological change, evolving industry standards and continuous improvements in products. Due to constant changes in Griffon's markets, future success depends on Griffon's ability to develop new technologies, products, processes and product applications. Griffon's long-term success in the competitive retail environment and the industrial and commercial markets depends on its ability to develop and commercialize a continuing stream of innovative new products that are appealing to ultimate end users and create demand. New product development and commercialization efforts, including efforts to enter markets or product categories in which Griffon has limited or no prior experience, have inherent risks. These risks include the costs involved, such as development and commercialization, product development or launch delays, and the failure of new products and line extensions to achieve anticipated levels of market acceptance or growth in sales or operating income. 
 
 Griffon also faces the risk that its competitors will introduce innovative new products that compete with Griffon s products. In addition, sales generated by new products could cause a decline in sales of Griffon s other existing products. If new product development and commercialization efforts are not successful, Griffon s financial results could be adversely affected. 
 
 28 

Product and technological developments are accomplished both through internally-funded R D projects, as well as through strategic partnerships with customers. Because it is not generally possible to predict the amount of time required and costs involved in achieving certain R D objectives, actual development costs may exceed budgeted amounts and estimated product development schedules may be extended. Griffon s financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected if: 
 
 Product improvements are not completed on a timely basis; 
 New products are not introduced on a timely basis or do not achieve sufficient market penetration; 
 There are budget overruns or delays in R D efforts; or 
 New products experience reliability or quality problems, or otherwise do not meet customer preferences or requirements. 
 
 The loss of certain key officers or employees could adversely affect Griffon s business. 
 
 The success of Griffon is materially dependent upon the continued services of certain key officers and employees. The loss of such key personnel could have a material adverse effect on Griffon s operating results or financial condition. 
 
 Griffon is exposed to a variety of risks relating to non-U.S. sales and operations, including non-U.S. economic and political conditions and fluctuations in exchange rates. 
 
 Griffon and its companies conduct operations in Canada, Australasia, the U.K., Mexico and China, and sell their products in many countries around the world. Sales of products through non-U.S. subsidiaries accounted for approximately 17 of consolidated revenue for the year ended September 30, 2021. These sales could be adversely affected by changes in political and economic conditions, trade protection measures, such as tariffs, the ability of the Company to enter into industrial cooperation agreements (offset agreements), differing intellectual property rights and laws and changes in regulatory requirements that restrict the sales of products or increase costs in such locations. Enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdictions can be uncertain, and the lack of a sophisticated body of laws can create various uncertainties, including with respect to customer and supplier contracts. Currency fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the currencies in the non-U.S. regions in which Griffon does business may also have an impact on future reported financial results. 
 
 Griffon's international sales and operations are subject to applicable laws relating to trade, export controls and foreign corrupt practices, the violation of which could adversely affect operations. Griffon is subject to various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. In addition, Griffon is subject to export controls, laws and regulations such as the Arms Export Control Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulation and the Export Administration Regulations, as well as to economic sanctions, laws and embargoes imposed by various governments or organizations, including the U.S. and the European Union or member countries. Violations of anti-corruption, export controls or sanctions laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties, including debarment, loss of export privileges and loss of authorizations needed to conduct Griffon's international business, and could harm the ability to enter into contracts with the U.S. Government. Such violations could also result in Griffon being subject to other liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on Griffon's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Griffon may not be able to protect its proprietary rights. 
 
 Griffon relies on a combination of patent, copyright and trademark laws, common law, trade secrets, confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements and other contractual provisions to protect proprietary rights. Such measures do not provide absolute protection and Griffon cannot give assurance that measures for protecting these proprietary rights are and will be adequate, or that competitors will not independently develop similar technologies. 
 
 Griffon may inadvertently infringe on, or may be accused of infringing on, proprietary rights held by another party. 
 
 Griffon is regularly improving its technology and employing existing technologies in new ways. Though Griffon takes reasonable precautions to ensure it does not infringe on the rights of others, it is possible that Griffon may inadvertently infringe on, or be accused of infringing on, proprietary rights held by others. If Griffon is found to have infringed on the propriety rights held by others, any related litigation or settlement relating to such infringement may have a material effect on Griffon s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 29 

Griffon is exposed to product liability and warranty claims. 
 
 Griffon is subject to product liability and warranty claims in the ordinary course of business, including with respect to former businesses now included within discontinued operations. These claims relate to the conformity of its products with required specifications, and to alleged or actual defects in Griffon s products (or in end-products in which Griffon s products were a component part) that cause damage to property or persons. There can be no assurance that the frequency and severity of product liability claims brought against Griffon will not increase, which claims can be brought either by an injured customer of an end product manufacturer who used one of Griffon's products as a component or by a direct purchaser. There is also no assurance that the number and value of warranty claims will not increase as compared to historical claim rates, or that Griffon's warranty reserve at any particular time is sufficient. No assurance can be given that indemnification from customers or coverage under insurance policies will be adequate to cover future product liability claims against Griffon; for example, product liability insurance typically does not cover claims for punitive damages. Warranty claims are typically not covered by insurance at all. Product liability insurance can be expensive, difficult to maintain and may be unobtainable in the future on acceptable terms. The amount and scope of any insurance coverage may be inadequate if a product liability claim is successfully asserted. Furthermore, if any significant claims are made, the business and the related financial condition of Griffon may be adversely affected by negative publicity. 
 
 Griffon has been, and may in the future be, subject to claims and liabilities under environmental laws and regulations. 
 
 Griffon s operations and assets are subject to environmental laws and regulations pertaining to the discharge of materials into the environment, the handling and disposal of wastes, including solid and hazardous wastes, and otherwise relating to health, safety and protection of the environment, in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. Griffon does not expect to make any expenditure with respect to ongoing compliance with or remediation under these environmental laws and regulations that would have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results or financial condition. However, the applicable requirements under environmental laws and regulations may change at any time. 
 
 Griffon can incur environmental costs related to sites that are no longer owned or operated, as well as third-party sites to which hazardous materials are sent. Material expenditures or liabilities may be incurred in connection with such claims. See the Commitment and Contingencies footnote in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on environmental contingencies. Based on facts presently known, the outcome of current environmental matters are not expected to have a material adverse effect on Griffon s results of operations and financial condition. However, presently unknown environmental conditions, changes in environmental laws and regulations or other unanticipated events may give rise to claims that may involve material expenditures or liabilities. 
 
 Changes in income tax laws and regulations or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect profitability. 
 
 Griffon is subject to Federal, state and local income taxes in the U.S. and in various taxing jurisdictions outside the U.S. Tax provisions and liabilities are subject to the allocation of income among various U.S. and international tax jurisdictions. Griffon s effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in any valuation allowance for deferred tax assets or the amendment or enactment of tax laws. The amount of income taxes paid is subject to audits by U.S. Federal, state and local tax authorities, as well as tax authorities in the taxing jurisdictions outside the U.S. If such audits result in assessments different from recorded income tax liabilities, Griffon s future financial results may include unfavorable adjustments to its income tax provision. 
 
 Actions taken by activist shareholders could be disruptive and costly and may conflict with or disrupt the strategic direction of our business. 
 
 Activist shareholders may from time to time attempt to effect changes in our strategic direction and seek changes regarding Griffon s corporate governance or structure. Our Board of Directors and management team strive to maintain constructive, ongoing communications with all shareholders who wish to speak with us, including activist shareholders, and welcomes their views and opinions with the goal of working together constructively to enhance value for all shareholders. However, activist campaigns that contest, or conflict with, our strategic direction could have an adverse effect on us because: 
 
 a. responding to actions by activist shareholders can disrupt our operations, be costly and time consuming, and divert the attention of our Board and senior management from the pursuit of our business strategies, and 
 b. perceived uncertainties as to our future direction may cause (i) instability or lack of continuity, which may be exploited by our competitors, (ii) concern on the part of current or potential customers, (iii) loss of business opportunities, or (iv) difficulties in attracting and retain qualified personnel and business partners. 
 
 30 

Activist campaigns may also cause significant fluctuations in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions, or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the fundamental underlying value of our businesses. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 Griffon occupies approximately 9,500,000 square feet of general office, factory and warehouse space primarily throughout the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Australia, U.K. and China. For a description of the encumbrances on certain of these properties, see the Notes Payable, Capitalized Leases and Long-Term Debt footnote in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The following table sets forth certain information related to Griffon s major facilities: 
 Location Business Segment Primary Use Approx. Square Footage Owned/ Leased Lease End Year New York, NY Corporate Headquarters 13,000 Leased 2025 Farmingdale, NY (1) 
 Corporate Manufacturing/R D 180,000 Owned Huntington, NY (1) 
 Corporate Manufacturing 90,000 Owned Troy, OH Home and Building Products Manufacturing 1,230,000 Owned Russia, OH Home and Building Products Manufacturing 250,000 Owned Mountain Top, PA Home and Building Products Manufacturing 279,000 Owned Goodyear, AZ Home and Building Products Manufacturing 163,000 Owned Carlisle, PA Consumer and Professional Products Manufacturing, Distribution 1,409,000 Leased 2035 Reno, NV Consumer and Professional Products Manufacturing, Distribution 774,000 Leased 2022 Camp Hill, PA Consumer and Professional Products Manufacturing 380,000 Owned Harrisburg, PA Consumer and Professional Products Manufacturing 264,000 Owned St. Francois, Quebec Consumer and Professional Products Manufacturing, Distribution 353,000 Owned Champion, PA Consumer and Professional Products Wood Mill 225,000 Owned Cork, Ireland Consumer and Professional Products Manufacturing, Distribution 74,000 Owned Pollington Site, UK Consumer and Professional Products Manufacturing, Distribution 115,000 Owned Gloucestershire, UK Consumer and Professional Products Distribution 46,000 Leased 2022 Barmby Moor, UK Consumer and Professional Products Manufacturing 240,000 Leased 2026 South Yorkshire, UK Consumer and Professional Products Manufacturing 59,000 Leased 2025 Kent, UK Consumer and Professional Products Distribution 32,000 Leased 2026 Australia (various) Consumer and Professional Products 7 Distribution 624,000 Leased 2022 - 2027 Quebec, Canada Consumer and Professional Products Distribution 32,000 Lease 2022 Ocala, FL Consumer and Professional Products Manufacturing 676,000 Leased 2030 Grantsville, MD Consumer and Professional Products Manufacturing 155,000 Owned Reynosa, MX Consumer and Professional Products Manufacturing (owned), Distribution (leased) 133,000 Owned /Leased 2023 Pharr, TX Consumer and Professional Products Distribution 80,000 Leased 2022 Fairfield, IA Consumer and Professional Products Manufacturing 54,000 Leased 2024 Guangdong, China Consumer and Professional Products Manufacturing 211,000 Leased 2022 
 (1) This property is owned by Griffon and is leased to Defense Electronics. 
 
 31 

As of September 30, 2021, Griffon classified the following Defense Electronics properties in discontinued operations: 
 Location Business Segment Primary Use Approx. Square Footage Owned/ Leased Lease End Year Elizabeth City, NC Defense Electronics Manufacturing (Owned), Repair and Service (Leased) 46,500 Owned / Leased 2039 
 
 HBP also leases approximately 1,173,000 square feet of space for distribution centers in numerous facilities throughout the U.S. and in Canada. In addition, HBP and CPP leases approximately 276,000 square feet of office space throughout the U.S. and various international locations. CPP also owns approximately 200,000 square feet of additional space for operational wood mills in the U.S. 
 
 All facilities are generally well maintained and suitable for the operations conducted. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Griffon is involved in litigation, investigations and claims arising out of the normal conduct of business, including those relating to commercial transactions, product liability and warranty claims, environmental, employment, and health and safety matters. Griffon estimates and accrues liabilities resulting from such matters based on a variety of factors, including the stage of the proceeding; potential settlement value; assessments by internal and external counsel; and assessments by environmental engineers and consultants of potential environmental liabilities and remediation costs. Such estimates are not discounted to reflect the time value of money due to the uncertainty in estimating the timing of the expenditures, which may extend over several years. 
 
 While it is impossible to ascertain the ultimate legal and financial liability with respect to certain contingent liabilities and claims, Griffon believes, based upon examination of currently available information, experience to date, and advice from legal counsel, that the individual and aggregate liabilities resulting from the ultimate resolution of these contingent matters, after taking into consideration existing insurance coverage and amounts already provided for, will not have a material adverse impact on consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Refer to Note 16 - Commitments and Contingent Liabilities for a discussion of the Company's litigation. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 32 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Griffon s Common Stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol GFF . 
 
 Dividends 
 
 During 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company declared and paid dividends totaling 0.32 per share, 0.30 per share and 0.29 per share, respectively.The Company currently intends to pay dividends each quarter; however, payment of dividends is determined by the Board of Directors at its discretion based on various factors, and no assurance can be provided as to the payment of future dividends. 
 
 On November 15, 2021, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.09 per share, payable on December 16, 2021 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 29, 2021. 
 
 Holders 
 
 As of October 31, 2021, there were approximately 13,100 holders of Griffon s Common Stock. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following sets forth information relating to Griffon s equity compensation plans as of September 30, 2021: 
 (a) (b) (c) Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 488,376 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 
 (1) Excludes restricted shares and restricted stock units issued in connection with Griffon s equity compensation plans. The total reflected in column (c) includes shares available for grant as any type of equity award under the Incentive Plan. 

33 

Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 
 
 The table below presents shares of Griffon Stock which were acquired by Griffon during the fourth quarter of 2021: 
 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Period (a) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased (b) Average Price Paid Per Share (or Unit) (c) Total Number of 
 Shares (or Units) 
 Purchased as Part of 
 Publicly Announced 
 Plans or Programs 
 (1) 
 (d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1 - 31, 2021 August 1 - 31, 2021 September 1 - 30, 2021 Total 57,955 (1) 
 
 1. Shares, if any, purchased by the Company in open market purchases are pursuant to share repurchases authorized by the Company s Board of Directors. On each of August 3, 2016 and August 1, 2018, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 50,000 of Griffon common stock; as of September 30, 2021, 57,955 remained available for purchase under these Board authorized repurchase programs. 

34 

Performance Graph 
 
 The performance graph does not constitute soliciting material, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not incorporated by reference in any of Griffon s filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filings, except to the extent Griffon specifically incorporates this performance graph by reference therein. 
 
 The following graph sets forth the cumulative total return to Griffon s stockholders during the five years ended September 30, 2021, as well as an overall stock market (S P Small Cap 600 Index) and Griffon s peer group index (Dow Jones U.S. Diversified Industrials Index). Assumes 100 was invested on September 30, 2016, including the reinvestment of dividends, in each category. 
 
 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Griffon Corporation, the S P Smallcap 600 Index 
 and the Dow Jones US Diversified Industrials Index 

Item 6. [ Reserved ] 

35 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 (Unless otherwise indicated, all references to years or year-end refers to the fiscal year ending September 30 and dollars are in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 The Company 
 
 Griffon Corporation (the Company , Griffon , "we" or "us") is a diversified management and holding company that conducts business through wholly-owned subsidiaries. Griffon oversees the operations of its subsidiaries, allocates resources among them and manages their capital structures. Griffon provides direction and assistance to its subsidiaries in connection with acquisition and growth opportunities as well as in connection with divestitures. In order to further diversify, Griffon also seeks out, evaluates and, when appropriate, will acquire additional businesses that offer potentially attractive returns on capital. 
 
 The Company was founded in 1959, is a Delaware corporation headquartered in New York, N.Y. and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE:GFF). 
 
 On September 27, 2021, Griffon announced it is exploring strategic alternatives, including a sale, for its Defense Electronics (DE) segment, which consists of its subsidiary Telephonics Corporation ("Telephonics"). As a result, Griffon classified the results of operations of the Telephonics business as a discontinued operation in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for all periods presented and classified the related assets and liabilities associated with the discontinued operation as held for sale in the consolidated balance sheets. Accordingly, all references made to results and information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are to Griffon's continuing operations, unless specifically noted. Telephonics is recognized globally as a leading provider of highly sophisticated intelligence, surveillance and communications solutions that are deployed across a wide range of land, sea and air applications. Telephonics designs, develops, manufactures and provides logistical support and lifecycle sustainment services to defense, aerospace and commercial customers worldwide. 
 
 Griffon now conducts its operations through two reportable segments: 
 
 Consumer and Professional Products ("CPP") conducts its operations through AMES. Founded in 1774, AMES is the leading North American manufacturer and a global provider of branded consumer and professional tools and products for home storage and organization, landscaping, and enhancing outdoor lifestyles. CPP sells products globally through a portfolio of leading brands including True Temper, AMES, and ClosetMaid. CPP revenue was 54 , 55 , and 53 of Griffon s consolidated revenue in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 Home and Building Products ("HBP") conducts its operations through Clopay. Founded in 1964, Clopay is the largest manufacturer and marketer of garage doors and rolling steel doors in North America. Residential and commercial sectional garage doors are sold through professional dealers and leading home center retail chains throughout North America under the brands Clopay, Ideal, and Holmes. Rolling steel door and grille products designed for commercial, industrial, institutional, and retail use are sold under the CornellCookson brand. HBP revenue was 46 , 45 and 47 of Griffon s consolidated revenue in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 On December 22, 2020, AMES acquired Quatro Design Pty Ltd Quatro ), a leading Australian manufacturer and supplier of 
 glass fiber reinforced concrete landscaping products for residential, commercial, and public sector projects. Quatro is expected 
 to contribute approximately 5,000 in annualized revenue in the first twelve months under AMES' ownership. 
 
 In August 2020 Griffon Corporation completed the public offering of 8,700,000 shares of our common stock for total net proceeds of 178,165 (the "Public Offering"). The Company used a portion of the net proceeds to repay outstanding borrowings under its Credit Agreement. The Company intends to use the remainder of the proceeds for general corporate purposes, including to expand its current business through acquisitions of, or investments in, other businesses or products. 
 
 On February 19, 2020, Griffon issued, at par, 850,000 of 5.75 Senior Notes due in 2028 and on June 8, 2020 Griffon issued an additional 150,000 of notes under the same indenture at 100.25 of par (collectively the "2028 Senior Notes"). Proceeds from the 2028 Senior Notes were used to redeem the 1,000,000 of 5.25 Senior Notes due 2022 (the "2022 Senior Notes"). 
 
 In January 2020, Griffon amended its credit agreement to increase the total amount available for borrowing from 350,000 to 400,000, extend its maturity date from March 22, 2021 to March 22, 2025 and modify certain other provisions of the facility (the "Credit Agreement"). 
 36 

On November 29, 2019, AMES acquired Vatre Group Limited ("Apta"), a leading United Kingdom supplier of innovative garden pottery and associated products sold to leading UK and Ireland garden centers for approximately 10,500 (GBP 8,750), inclusive of a post-closing working capital adjustment, net of cash acquired. This acquisition broadens AMES' product offerings in the UK market and increases its in-country operational footprint. Apta contributed approximately 20,000 in revenue in the first 12 months after the acquisition. 
 
 Update of COVID-19 on Our Business 
 
 The health and safety of our employees, our customers and their families is a high priority for Griffon. As of the date of this filing, all of Griffon's facilities are fully operational. We have implemented a variety of new policies and procedures, including additional cleaning, social distancing, staggered shifts and prohibiting or significantly restricting on-site visitors, to minimize the risk to our employees of contracting COVID-19. In the United States, we manufacture a substantial majority of the products that we sell. While this helps mitigate the effects of global supplier and transportation disruptions, we are still impacted by these disruptions. Our supply chain has experienced certain disruptions which, together with other factors such as a shortage of labor, has resulted in longer delivery lead times and restricted manufacturing capacity for certain of our products. Commodity prices have increased during COVID-19 and may continue to increase, and we may not be able to pass off all or any of such price increases to our customers on a timely basis, or at all. It is difficult to predict whether the supply chain disruptions that impact us will improve, worsen or remain the same in the near term. Our suppliers could be required by government authorities to temporarily cease operations in accordance with the various restrictions discussed above; might be limited in their production capacity due to complying with restrictions relating to the operation of businesses during the COVID-19 pandemic; or could suffer their own supply chain disruptions, impacting their ability to continue to supply us with the quantity of materials required by us. 
 
 During fiscal 2021 and through the date of this filing, all of our businesses have experienced normal or better order patterns compared with the same time period last year. U.S. executive orders issued in 2020, which required workers to remain at home unless their work is critical, essential, or life-sustaining, have been lifted. Regardless, we believe that, based on the various standards published to date, the work our employees are performing are either critical, essential and/or life-sustaining for the following reasons: 1) HBP residential and commercial garage doors, rolling steel doors and related products that (a) provide protection and support for the efficient and safe movement of people, goods, and equipment in and out of residential and commercial facilities, (b) help prevent fires from spreading from one location to another, and (c) protect warehouses and homes, and their contents, from damage caused by strong weather events such as hurricanes and tornadoes; and 2) CPP tools and storage products provide critical support for the national infrastructure including construction, maintenance, manufacturing and natural disaster recovery, and is part of the essential supply base to many of its largest customers including Home Depot, Lowe's and Menards. Our AMES international facilities are currently fully operational, as they meet the applicable standards in their respective countries. 
 
 On September 9, 2021, President Biden announced a proposed new rule requiring that all employers with at least 100 employees require that their employees be fully vaccinated or tested weekly. The U.S. Department of Labor s Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA issued an emergency temporary standard regulation to carry out this mandate. On November 6, 2021, the Unites States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted a stay of the emergency temporary standard, and on November 12, 2021 the Court upheld its stay and barred OSHA from enforcing the mandate pending adequate judicial review of a motion for permanent injunction. At this time, it is unclear, among other things, when the vaccine mandate will go into effect (or if it will go into effect at all); whether it will apply to all employees or only to employees who work in the office; and how compliance will be documented. 
 As a company with more than 100 employees, it is anticipated that, should the vaccine mandate go into effect, we would be subject to the OSHA regulation concerning COVID-19 vaccination and the vaccine mandate. Should the mandate apply to us, we may be required to implement a requirement that all of our employees get vaccinated, subject to limited exceptions. At this time, it is not possible to predict the impact that a vaccine mandate, or a vaccine requirement should we adopt one, will have on us or on our workforce. Any vaccine requirement or vaccine mandate, if implemented, may result in employee attrition, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Griffon believes it has adequate liquidity to invest in its existing businesses and execute its business plan, while managing its capital structure on both a short-term and long-term basis. In January 2020, Griffon increased total borrowing capacity under its Credit Agreement by 50,000, to 400,000 (of which 370,927 was available at September 30, 2021), and extended maturity of the facility to 2025. In addition, the Credit Agreement has a 100,000 accordion feature (subject to lender consent). In February 2020, Griffon refinanced 850,000 of its 1,000,000 of senior notes due 2022 with new 5.75 senior notes with a maturity of 2028, and in June 2020 refinanced the remaining 150,000 under the same terms and indenture as the 850,000 senior notes 
 37 

due 2028. In August 2020, we completed a Public Offering of 8,700,000 shares of our common stock for total net proceeds of 178,165; a portion of these net proceeds were used to repay outstanding borrowing under our Credit Agreement. At September 30, 2021 Griffon had cash and equivalents of 248,653. 
 
 We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that impact our operations as may be required by federal, state or local authorities or that we determine is in the best interests of our employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders. While we are unable to determine or predict the nature, duration or scope of the overall impact the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our businesses, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources, we believe it is important to discuss where our company stands today, how our response to COVID-19 is progressing and how our operations and financial condition may change as the fight against COVID-19 progresses. 
 38 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 
 Revenue for the year ended September 30, 2021 of 2,270,626 compared to 2,066,546 in the year ended September 30, 2020 increased 10 resulting from increased revenue at HBP and CPP of 12 and 8 , respectively. 
 
 Gross profit for 2021 was 641,113 compared to 583,994 in 2020. Gross margin as a percent of sales gross margin for 2021 and 2020 was 28.2 and 28.3 , respectively. In the years ended 2021 and 2020, gross profit included restructuring charges of 7,923 and 4,159, respectively. Excluding restructuring charges from both years, gross profit would have been 649,036 or 28.6 of revenue, compared to 588,153 or 28.5 in the prior year. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses in 2021 of 470,530 increased 6 from 444,454 in 2020. The 2021 SG A expenses included restructuring charges of 13,495. The 2020 SG A expenses included restructuring charges of 9,510, acquisition costs of 2,960 and income from the reversal of contingent consideration related to the Kelkay acquisition of 1,733. Excluding these items from both periods, the 2021 SG A expenses would have been 457,035, or 20.1 of revenue compared to 433,717 or 21.0 , with the increase in expenses primarily due to increased distribution and shipping costs. 
 
 Interest expense in 2021 of 63,175 decreased 5 compared to 2020 of 66,544, primarily as a result of decreased outstanding borrowings and decreased variable interest rates on our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Other income (expense) of 3,331 and 2,885 in 2021 and 2020, respectively, includes 81 and 915, respectively, of net currency exchange transaction losses from receivables and payables held in non-functional currencies, 283 and 184, respectively, of net gains on investments, and 907 and 1,559, respectively, of net periodic benefit plan income. Other income (expense) also includes rental income of 1,848 in 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Griffon reported Income before tax from continuing operations for 2021 of 111,179 compared to 68,705 for 2020. In 2021, the Company had an effective income tax rate of 35.9 compared to 38.2 in 2020. The 2021 tax rate included 3,245 of discrete and certain other tax provisions, net, and other items that affect comparability, as listed below. The 2020 tax rate included 965 of discrete and certain other tax provisions, net, and other items that affect comparability, as listed below. Excluding the discrete and certain other tax provisions, net, and other items that affect comparability, as listed below, the effective income tax rates for 2021 and 2020 were 31.7 and 33.7 , respectively. These rates reflect the impact of tax reserves and changes in earnings mix between U.S. and non-U.S. operations. 
 
 Income from continuing operations for 2021 was 71,239, or 1.33 per share, compared to 42,443, or 0.94 per share in 2020. The 2021 income from continuing operations included the following: 
 
 Restructuring charges of 21,418 16,131, net of tax, or 0.30 per share); 
 Discrete and certain other tax provision, net, of 3,245 or 0.06 per share. 
 
 The 2020 income from continuing operations included the following: 
 
 Restructuring charges of 13,670 10,177, net of tax, or 0.23 per share); 
 Loss from debt extinguishment 7,925 6,167, net of tax, or 0.14 per share); 
 Acquisition costs of 2,960 2,297, net of tax, or 0.05 per share); and 
 Acquisition contingent consideration benefit of 1,733 1,403, net of tax, or 0.03 per share); and 
 Discrete and certain other tax provision, net, of 965 or 0.02 per share. 
 
 Excluding these items from both reporting periods, 2021 Income from continuing operations would have been 90,615, or 1.70 per share compared to 60,646, or 1.35 per share, in 2020. 
 
 39 

2020 Compared to 2019 
 
 Revenue for the year ended September 30, 2020 of 2,066,546 increased 10 compared to 1,874,248 in the year ended September 30, 2019, primarily driven by increased consumer demand for home improvement projects at both CPP and HBP. Organic growth was 9 . 
 
 Gross profit for 2020 was 583,994 compared to 516,845 in 2019, with gross margin of 28.3 in 2020, compared to 27.6 in 2019. In 2020, gross profit included restructuring charges of 4,159. Excluding restructuring charges in 2020, gross profit would have been 588,153 or 28.5 of revenue compared to 516,845 or 27.6 in the prior year. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses in 2020 of 444,454 increased 9 from 408,339 in 2019. The 2020 SG A expenses included restructuring charges of 9,510, acquisition costs of 2,960 and the reversal of contingent consideration related to the Kelkay acquisition of 1,733. The 2019 SG A expenses include income from the reversal of contingent consideration related to the Kelkay acquisition of 1,646. Excluding these items from both periods, the 2020 SG A expenses would have been 433,717 or 21.0 of revenue compared to 409,985 or 21.9 , with the increase in expenses primarily due to the Apta acquisition and increased management incentives, partially offset by COVID-19 related reduced travel expenses. 
 
 Interest expense in 2020 of 66,544 decreased 3 compared to 2019 of 68,312, primarily as a result of decreased outstanding borrowings and variable interest rates on our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Other income (expense) of 2,885 and 5,230 in 2020 and 2019, respectively, includes 915 and 438, respectively, of net currency exchange transaction losses from receivables and payables held in non-functional currencies, 184 and (40), respectively, of net gains or (losses) on investments, and 1,559 and 3,148, respectively, of net periodic benefit plan income. Other income (expense) also includes rental income of 1,848 in 2020 and 2019. 
 
 Griffon reported Income before tax from continuing operations for 2020 of 68,705 compared to 46,223 for 2019. In 2020, the Company recognized an effective income tax rate of 38.2 compared to 44.9 in 2019. The 2020 tax rate included 965 of discrete and certain other tax provisions, net, and other items that affect comparability, as listed below. The 2019 tax rate included 1,786 of discrete and certain other tax provisions, net. Excluding the discrete and certain other tax provisions, net, and other items that affect comparability, as listed below, the effective income tax rates for 2020 and 2019 were 33.7 and 41.8 , respectively. These rates reflect the impact of tax reserves and changes in earnings mix between U.S. and non-U.S. operations. 
 
 Income from continuing operations for 2020 was 42,443, or 0.94 per share, compared to 25,470, or 0.59 per share in 2019. The 2020 income from continuing operations included the following: 
 
 Restructuring charges of 13,670 10,177, net of tax, or 0.23 per share); 
 Loss from debt extinguishment 7,925 6,167, net of tax, or 0.14 per share); 
 Acquisition costs of 2,960 2,297, net of tax, or 0.05 per share); and 
 Acquisition contingent consideration benefit of 1,733 1,403, net of tax, or 0.03 per share); and 
 Discrete and certain other tax provision, net, of 965 or 0.02 per share. 
 
 The 2019 Income from continuing operations included a benefit from the reversal of contingent consideration related to the Kelkay acquisition of 1,646 1,333, net of tax, or 0.03 per share) and discrete and certain other tax provisions, net, of 1,786 or 0.04 per share. 
 
 Excluding these items from both reporting periods, 2020 Income from continuing operations would have been 60,646, or 1.35 share compared to 25,923, or 0.60 per share, in 2019. 
 
 Griffon evaluates performance based on Earnings per share and Net income excluding restructuring charges, loss on debt extinguishment, acquisition related expenses, discrete and certain other tax items, as well other items that may affect comparability, as applicable. Griffon believes this information is useful to investors for the same reason. 
 40 

The following table provides a reconciliation of Income from continuing operations to Adjusted income from continuing operations and Earnings per common share from continuing operations to Adjusted earnings per common share from continuing operations: 
 
 GRIFFON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 RECONCILIATION OF INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 TO ADJUSTED INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Years Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Income from continuing operations 71,239 42,443 25,470 Adjusting items: Restructuring charges 21,418 13,670 Loss from debt extinguishment 7,925 Acquisition costs 2,960 Acquisition contingent consideration (1,733) (1,646) Tax impact of above items (5,287) (5,584) 313 Discrete and other certain tax provisions 3,245 965 1,786 Adjusted income from continuing operations 90,615 60,646 25,923 Earnings per common share from continuing operations 1.33 0.94 0.59 Adjusting items, net of tax: Restructuring charges 0.30 0.23 Loss from debt extinguishment 0.14 Acquisition costs 0.05 Acquisition contingent consideration (0.03) (0.03) Discrete and other certain tax provisions 0.06 0.02 0.04 Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations 1.70 1.35 0.60 Weighted-average shares outstanding (in thousands) 53,369 45,015 42,888 
 
 Note: Due to rounding, the sum of earnings per common share and adjusting items, net of tax, may not equal adjusted earnings per common share. 
 
 The tax impact for the above reconciling adjustments from GAAP to non-GAAP Income from continuing operations and the related EPS is determined by comparing the Company's tax provision, including the reconciling adjustments, to the tax provision excluding such adjustments. 
 
 41 

REPORTABLE SEGMENTS 
 
 Griffon evaluates performance and allocates resources based on each segment's operating results from continuing operations before interest income and expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, unallocated amounts (primarily corporate overhead), restructuring charges, loss on debt extinguishment and acquisition related expenses, as well as other items that may affect comparability, as applicable Adjusted EBITDA , a non-GAAP measure). Griffon believes this information is useful to investors for the same reason. 
 
 See table provided in Note 18 - Reportable Segments, for a reconciliation of Segment Adjusted EBITDA to Income before taxes from continuing operations. 
 
 Consumer and Professional Products 
 For the Years Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 United States 766,150 769,100 690,772 Europe 123,607 85,339 63,284 Canada 85,676 74,072 72,327 Australia 244,674 203,012 165,291 All other countries 9,411 7,710 8,934 Total Revenue 1,229,518 1,139,233 1,000,608 Adjusted EBITDA 115,673 9.4 104,053 9.1 90,677 9.1 Depreciation and amortization 34,433 32,788 32,289 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 
 CPP revenue in 2021 increased 90,285, or 8 , compared to 2020, comprised of a 3 increase in volume, driven by increased consumer demand across all international geographies, partially offset by reduced volume in the U.S. due to labor, transportation and supply chain disruptions. Revenue also benefited from favorable price and mix of 1 , and a favorable impact from foreign exchange of 4 . 
 
 CPP Adjusted EBITDA in 2021 increased 11,620 or 11 to 115,673 compared to 104,053 in 2020. The favorable variance resulted primarily from the increased revenue noted above and a favorable foreign exchange impact of 5 , partially offset by increased U.S. material costs coupled with the lag in realization of price increases and COVID-19 related inefficiencies. 
 
 Segment depreciation and amortization increased 1,645 from the comparable prior year period primarily due to the onset of depreciation for new assets placed in service. 
 
 On December 22, 2020, AMES acquired Quatro Design Pty Ltd Quatro ), a leading Australian manufacturer and supplier of 
 glass fiber reinforced concrete landscaping products for residential, commercial, and public sector projects. Quatro is expected 
 to contribute approximately 5,000 in annualized revenue in the first twelve months under AMES' ownership. 
 
 On November 29, 2019, AMES acquired Vatre Group Limited ("Apta"), a leading U.K. supplier of innovative garden pottery and associated products sold to leading UK and Ireland garden centers for approximately 10,500 (GBP 8,750), inclusive of a post-closing working capital adjustment, net of cash acquired. This acquisition broadens AMES' product offerings in the U.K. market and increases its in-country operational footprint. Apta contributed approximately 20,000 in revenue in the first 12 months after the acquisition. 

42 

Strategic Initiative and Restructuring Charges 
 In November 2019, Griffon announced the development of a next-generation business platform for CPP to enhance the growth, efficiency, and competitiveness of its U.S. operations, and on November 12, 2020, Griffon announced that CPP is broadening this strategic initiative to include additional North American facilities, the AMES UK and Australia businesses, and a manufacturing facility in China. 
 
 The expanded focus of this initiative leverages the same three key development areas being executed within our U.S. operations. First, certain AMES global operations will be consolidated to optimize facilities footprint and talent. Second, strategic investments in automation and facilities expansion will be made to increase the efficiency of our manufacturing and fulfillment operations, and support e-commerce growth. Third, multiple independent information systems will be unified into a single data and analytics platform, which will serve the whole AMES global enterprise. 
 
 Expanding the roll-out of the new business platform from our AMES U.S. operations to include AMES global operations will extend the duration of the project by one year, with completion now expected by the end of calendar year 2023. When fully implemented, these actions will result in annual cash savings of 30,000 to 35,000 and a reduction in inventory of 30,000 to 35,000 both based on fiscal 2020 operating levels. 
 
 The cost to implement this new business platform, over the duration of the project, will include one-time charges of approximately 65,000 and capital investments of approximately 65,000. The one-time charges are comprised of 46,000 of cash charges, which includes 26,000 of personnel-related costs such as training, severance, and duplicate personnel costs as well as 20,000 of facility and lease exit costs. The remaining 19,000 of charges are non-cash and are primarily related to asset write-downs. 
 
 In connection with this initiative, during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, CPP incurred pre-tax restructuring and related exit costs approximating 21,418 and 13,669, respectively. Since inception of this initiative in fiscal 2020, total cumulative charges totaled 35,087, comprised of cash charges of 23,740 and non-cash, asset-related charges of 11,347; the cash charges included 8,810 for one-time termination benefits and other personnel-related costs and 14,930 for facility and lease exit costs primarily driven by the consolidation of distribution facilities and system optimization. During the years ended September, 30, 2021 and 2020, capital expenditures of 8,774 and 6,733, respectively, were driven by investment in CPP business intelligence systems and e-commerce facility. 
 Cash Charges Non-Cash Charges Personnel related costs Facilities, exit costs and other Facility and other Total Capital Investments Domestic Expansion 12,000 4,000 19,000 35,000 40,000 Global Expansion 14,000 16,000 30,000 25,000 Total Anticipated Charges 26,000 20,000 19,000 65,000 65,000 Total 2020 restructuring charges (5,620) (3,357) (4,692) (13,669) (6,733) Total 2021 restructuring charges (3,190) (11,573) (6,655) (21,418) (8,774) Total cumulative charges (8,810) (14,930) (11,347) (35,087) (15,507) Estimate to Complete 17,190 5,070 7,653 29,913 49,493 
 
 2020 Compared to 2019 
 
 CPP revenue in 2020 increased 138,625, or 14 , compared to 2019, primarily from a 12 increase in volume, due to increased consumer demand for home improvement initiatives across most of our geographic regions supplemented by COVID-19 stay at home orders, favorable price and mix of 1 and an incremental 2 revenue contribution from the Apta acquisition, partially offset by an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange of 1 . Organic growth was 12 . 
 
 CPP Adjusted EBITDA in 2020 increased 13,376 or 15 to 104,053 compared to 90,677 in 2019. The favorable variance resulted primarily from the increased revenue noted above, partially offset by increased tariffs, COVID-19 related inefficiencies and direct costs, and an unfavorable foreign exchange impact of 1 . 
 
 43 

Direct COVID-19 related expenses totaled approximately 5,000 in 2020. 
 
 Home and Building Products 
 For the Years Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Residential 633,523 572,397 538,301 Commercial 407,585 354,916 335,339 Total Revenue 1,041,108 927,313 873,640 Adjusted EBITDA 181,015 17.4 153,631 16.6 120,161 13.8 Depreciation and amortization 17,370 18,361 18,334 
 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 HBP revenue in 2021 increased 113,795, or 12 , compared to 2020, primarily due to favorable mix and pricing of 8 driven by both residential and commercial, and increased volume of 4 equally driven by both residential and commercial. 
 
 HBP Adjusted EBITDA in 2021 increased 27,384, or 18 to 181,015 compared to 153,631 in 2020. EBITDA benefited from the increased revenue noted above, partially offset by increased material costs coupled with the lag in realization of price increases and COVID-19 related inefficiencies. 
 
 Segment depreciation and amortization decreased 991from the comparable prior year period primarily due to fully depreciated assets. 
 
 2020 Compared to 2019 
 HBP revenue in 2020 increased 53,673, or 6 , compared to 2019, with 4 from volume and 2 from favorable mix and pricing. 
 
 HBP Adjusted EBITDA in 2020 increased 33,470, or 28 to 153,631 compared to 120,161 in 2019. The favorable variance resulted from the increased revenue noted above and general operational efficiency improvements, partially offset by COVID-19 related inefficiencies and direct costs. Direct COVID-19 related expenses totaled approximately 2,000 in 2020. 
 
 Unallocated Amounts 
 
 For 2021, unallocated amounts, excluding depreciation, consisted primarily of corporate overhead costs, totaled 49,054 compared to 48,262 in 2020, with the increase primarily due to compensation and incentive costs. 
 
 For 2020, unallocated amounts, excluding depreciation, consisted primarily of corporate overhead costs, totaled 48,262 compared to 47,231 in 2019, with the increase primarily due to compensation and incentive costs. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 Depreciation and amortization of 52,302 in 2021 compared to 52,100 in 2020; the increase was primarily due to depreciation for new assets placed in service. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization of 52,100 in 2020 compared to 51,517 in 2019; the increase was primarily due to depreciation for new assets placed in service. 
 
 44 

Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 During 2021, total other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes, of 26,115 included a gain of 6,433 from foreign currency translation adjustments primarily due to the strengthening of the Canadian, British and Australian currencies, all in comparison to the U.S. Dollar; a 17,796 gain from Pension and other post-retirement benefits, primarily related to the change between actual and expected return on assets compared to 2020; and a 1,886 gain on cash flow hedges. 
 During 2020, total other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes, of (6,176) included a gain of 5,601 from foreign currency translation adjustments primarily due to the strengthening of the Euro, Canadian, British and Australian currencies, all in comparison to the U.S. Dollar; a 11,784 loss from Pension and other post-retirement benefits, primarily associated with a decrease in the assumed discount rate compared to 2019; and a 7 gain on cash flow hedges. 

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 
 Defense Electronics 
 
 On September 27, 2021, Griffon announced it will explore strategic alternatives for its DE segment, which consists of its Telephonics subsidiary. As a result, the DE segment results have been classified as a discontinued operation. 
 For the Years Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Revenue 271,060 340,976 335,041 Adjusted EBITDA 20,486 7.6 25,228 7.4 35,104 10.5 Depreciation and amortization 10,762 10,645 10,667 
 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 
 DE revenue in 2021 decreased 69,916, or 21 , compared to 2020. The current and prior year results include revenue from the SEG business of 6,713 and 31,758, respectively. Excluding SEG from both years, revenue decreased 44,871, or 15 . The decrease was driven by reduced volume due to delayed awards for Surveillance Systems and decreased deliveries for Communications Systems, partially offset by increased Radar Systems volume. 
 
 DE Adjusted EBITDA in 2021 decreased 4,742, or 19 to 20,486, compared to 25,228 in 2020. The current and prior year results include Adjusted EBITDA from the SEG business of 412 and 1,491, respectively. Excluding SEG from both years, Adjusted EBITDA decreased 3,663, or 15 . The decrease was due to the reduced revenue noted above and cost growth primarily for Surveillance Systems, partially offset by favorable program performance for Radar Systems and reduced operating expenses. 
 
 DE's depreciation and amortization remained consistent with the prior year period. 
 
 On December 18, 2020, DE completed the sale of its SEG business. SEG provides sophisticated, highly technical engineering and analytical support to the Missile Defense Agency and various U.S. military commands. SEG had sales of approximately 7,000 for the first fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2020 and 32,000 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. 
 
 During 2021, DE was awarded new contracts and incremental funding on existing contracts approximating 246,500 (excludes 5,500 of SEG awards). Contract backlog was 352,200 at September 30, 2021 with 62 expected to be fulfilled in the next 12 months; backlog was 370,000 at September 30, 2020 (excludes approximately 10,000 of SEG related backlog). The decrease in backlog is primarily due to awards delayed until 2022. Backlog is defined as unfilled firm orders for products and services for which funding has been both authorized and appropriated by the customer or Congress, in the case of U.S. government agencies. 
 
 2020 Compared to 2019 
 
 DE revenue in 2020 increased 5,935, or 2 , compared to 2019, primarily due to increased deliveries and increased volume on airborne and ground communications systems as well as airborne surveillance systems, partially offset by reduced volume on Multi-Mode airborne maritime surveillance radar systems. 
 
 45 

DE Adjusted EBITDA in 2020 decreased 9,876, or 28 to 25,228, compared to 35,104 in 2019, primarily due to program inefficiencies associated with certain radar programs, unfavorable program mix and increased operating expenses primarily due to bid and proposal activities and timing of research and development initiatives, partially offset by program efficiencies within airborne intercommunication surveillance systems. 
 
 Direct COVID-19 related expenses totaled approximately 1,000 in 2020. 
 
 Restructuring Charges and Divestiture 
 
 In September 2020, a Voluntary Employee Retirement Plan was initiated, which was subsequently followed by a reduction in force in November 2020, to improve efficiencies by combining functions and responsibilities. The reduction in force initiative resulted in severance charges of approximately 2,200, recorded in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. These actions reduced headcount by approximately 90 people. 
 
 In addition, in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, charges of 5,601 were recorded primarily related to exiting our older weather radar product lines. 
 
 DE recorded a pre-tax gain of 5,291 5,443, including a net tax benefit of 152) during the year ended September 30, 2021 related to the divestiture of SEG. 
 
 Other Discontinued Activities 
 
 In fiscal 2018, Griffon completed the sale of Plastics to Berry for approximately 465,000, net of certain post-closing adjustments. During 2019, Griffon recorded an 11,050 charge 8,335, net of tax) to discontinued operations. The charge consisted primarily of a purchase price adjustment to resolve a claim related to the 465,000 Plastics divestiture and included an additional reserve for a legacy environmental matter. 
 
 At September 30, 2021 and 2020, Griffon s liabilities for discontinued operations primarily related to insurance claims, income taxes and product liability, warranty and environmental reserves totaling liabilities of approximately 10,811 and 7,074, respectively. See Note 8, Discontinued Operations. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 Management assesses Griffon s liquidity in terms of its ability to generate cash to fund its operating, investing and financing activities. Significant factors affecting liquidity include cash flows from operating activities, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dispositions, bank lines of credit and the ability to attract long-term capital under satisfactory terms. Griffon believes it has sufficient liquidity available to invest in existing businesses and strategic acquisitions while managing its capital structure on both a short-term and long-term basis. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, the amount of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held by foreign subsidiaries was 65,000. Our intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside the U.S., and we do not currently anticipate that we will need funds generated from foreign operations to fund our domestic operations. In the event we determine that funds from foreign operations are needed to fund operations in the U.S., we will be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds (unless applicable U.S. taxes have already been paid). 
 
 Griffon's primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from operations, cash on hand and our January 2020 five-year secured 400,000 revolving credit facility ("Credit Facility"). During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, the Company generated 71,032 of net cash from continuing operating activities and had 370,927 available, subject to certain loan covenants, for borrowing at that date. 
 
 46 

The table below provides a summary of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the periods indicated. 
 Cash Flows from Continuing Operations Years Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2021 2020 Net Cash Flows Provided By (Used In): Operating activities 71,032 107,803 Investing activities (56,167) (51,477) Financing activities (28,245) 68,190 
 Cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations for 2021 was 71,032 compared to 107,803 in 2020, a decrease of 36,771. The variance was primarily due to increased working capital, primarily inventory, partially offset by increased in accounts payable and income from continuing operations, adjusted for non-cash expenditures. 
 Cash flows from investing activities from continuing operations is primarily comprised of capital expenditures and business acquisitions as well as proceeds from the sale of businesses, investments and property, plant and equipment. During 2021, Griffon used 56,167 in investing activities from continuing operations compared to 51,477 in 2020. Capital expenditures, net of proceeds from the sale of assets, totaled 36,714 in 2021 compared to 40,816 in 2020. Payments for acquired businesses totaled 2,242 in 2021 compared to 10,531 in 2020. On December 22, 2020, AMES acquired Quatro, a leading Australian manufacturer and supplier of glass fiber reinforced concrete landscaping products for residential, commercial, and public sector projects. On November 29, 2019, AMES acquired Apta, a leading United Kingdom supplier of innovative garden pottery and associated products sold to leading UK and Ireland garden centers for approximately 10,500 (GBP 8,750), inclusive of a post-closing working capital adjustment, net of cash acquired. During 2021, Griffon also invested 17,211, primarily in marketable debt and equity securities. 
 
 During 2021, Griffon used cash of 28,245 in financing activities from continuing operations compared to cash provided by of 68,190 in 2020. During 2021, cash flows from financing activities from continuing operations primarily consisted of the payment of dividends of 17,139, purchase of treasury shares to satisfy vesting of restricted stock of (3,357) and net repayments of long-term debt and lease payments of 6,921. During 2020, cash flows from financing activities from continuing operations primarily consisted of proceeds from the issuance of common stock, partially offset by the payment of dividends of 14,529 and net repayments of long-term debt and lease payments of 68,835. At September 30, 2021, there were 13,483 in outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement, compared to 12,858 in outstanding borrowings at the same date in 2020. 
 
 In 2020, Griffon Corporation completed the Public Offering of 8,700,000 shares of our common stock for total net proceeds of 178,165. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds to repay outstanding borrowings under its Credit Agreement. Additionally, on June 22, 2020, Griffon completed an add-on offering through a private placement of 150,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.75 Senior Notes, at 100.25 of par, to Griffon's previously issued 850,000 principal amount of its 5.75 Senior Notes, at par, completed on February 19, 2020. Proceeds from the Senior Notes were used to redeem the 1,000,000 of 2022 Senior Notes. Cash provided by financing activities in 2020 also included financing costs of 571 primarily associated with the redemption of the 1,000,000 of 2022 Senior Notes; and the amendment and extension of the Company's revolving credit facility which increased the maximum borrowing availability from 350,000 to 400,000 and extended its maturity date from March 22, 2021 to March 22, 2025. 
 
 During 2021, the Board of Directors approved four quarterly cash dividends each for 0.08 per share, totaling 0.32. On November 15, 2021, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.09 per share, payable on December 16, 2021 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 29, 2021. 
 
 During 2021, 152,435 shares, with a market value of 3,222, or 21.14 per share were withheld to settle employee taxes due upon the vesting of restricted stock, and were added to treasury stock. Furthermore, during 2021, an additional 6,507 shares, with a market value of 135, or 20.75 per share, were withheld from common stock issued upon the vesting of restricted stock units to settle employee taxes due upon vesting. 
 
 On each of August 3, 2016 and August 1, 2018, Griffon s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 50,000 of Griffon s outstanding common stock. Under these share repurchase programs, the Company may purchase shares in the open market, including pursuant to a 10b5-1 plan, or in privately negotiated transactions. During 2021, Griffon did not purchase any shares of common stock under these repurchase programs. At September 30, 2021, 57,955 remains under Griffon's Board authorized repurchase programs. 
 
 47 

During 2021, cash provided by discontinued operations from operating activities of 40,737 primarily related to DE operations and the settling of certain Installation services and environmental liabilities. Cash provided by discontinued operations from investing activities of 6,751 primarily related to net proceeds received of 14,345 from DE's sale of its SEG business less capital expenditures of 10,343 and a recovery of insurance proceeds received of 2,748 associated with other discontinued operations. 
 
 Debt 
 
 At September 30, 2021 and 2020, Griffon had debt, net of cash and equivalents, as follows: 
 Cash and Equivalents and Debt At September 30, At September 30, (in thousands) 2021 2020 Cash and equivalents 248,653 218,089 Notes payables and current portion of long-term debt 12,486 9,922 Long-term debt, net of current maturities 1,033,197 1,037,042 Debt discount and issuance costs 14,823 17,458 Total debt 1,060,506 1,064,422 Debt, net of cash and equivalents 811,853 846,333 
 
 On June 22, 2020, in an unregistered offering through a private placement, Griffon completed the add-on offering of 150,000 principal amount of its 5.75 senior notes due 2028, at 100.25 of par, to Griffon's previously issued 850,000 principal amount of its 5.75 senior notes due 2028, at of par, completed on February 19, 2020 (collectively, the "Senior Notes"). Proceeds from the Senior Notes were used to redeem the 1,000,000 of 5.25 senior notes due 2022 (the "2022 Senior Notes"). As of September 30, 2021, outstanding Senior Notes due totaled 1,000,000; interest is payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1. 
 
 The Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations of Griffon guaranteed by certain domestic subsidiaries, and subject to certain covenants, limitations and restrictions. On April 22, 2020 and August 3, 2020, Griffon exchanged substantially all of the Senior Notes for substantially identical Senior Notes registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), via an exchange offer. The fair value of the 2028 Senior Notes approximated 1,060,000 on September 30, 2021 based upon quoted market prices (level 1 inputs). 
 
 In connection with these transactions, Griffon capitalized 16,448 of underwriting fees and other expenses incurred related to the issuance and exchange of the Senior Notes, which will amortize over the term of such notes, and, at September 30, 2021, 13,293 remained to be amortized. Furthermore, all of the obligations associated with the 2022 Senior Notes were discharged. Additionally, Griffon recognized a 7,925 loss on the early extinguishment of debt of the 2022 Senior Notes, comprised primarily of the write-off of 6,725 of remaining deferred financing fees, 607 of tender offer net premium expense and 593 of redemption interest expense. 
 
 On January 30, 2020, Griffon amended its Credit Agreement to increase the maximum borrowing availability from 350,000 to 400,000, extend its maturity from March 22, 2021 to March 22, 2025 and modify certain other provisions of the facility. The facility includes a letter of credit sub-facility with a limit of 100,000 and a multi-currency sub-facility of 200,000; and contains a customary accordion feature that permits the Company to request, subject to each lender's consent, an increase in the maximum aggregate amount that can be borrowed up to an additional 100,000. 
 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be repaid and re-borrowed at any time. Interest is payable on borrowings at either a LIBOR or base rate benchmark rate, plus an applicable margin, which adjusts based on financial performance. Current margins are 0.50 for base rate loans and 1.50 for LIBOR loans. The Credit Agreement has certain financial maintenance tests including a maximum total leverage ratio, a maximum senior secured leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio, as well as customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. The negative covenants place limits on Griffon's ability to, among other things, incur indebtedness, incur liens, and make restricted payments and investments. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by Griffon s material domestic subsidiaries and are secured, on a first priority basis, by substantially all domestic assets of the Company and the guarantors, and a pledge of not greater than 65 of the equity interest in Griffon s material, first-tier foreign subsidiaries. At September 30, 2021, under the Credit Agreement, there were 13,483 in outstanding borrowings; outstanding standby letters of credit were 15,590; and 370,927 was available, subject to certain loan covenants, for borrowing at that date. 
 48 

At September 30, 2021, Griffon and its subsidiaries were in compliance with the terms and covenants of its credit and loan agreements. Net Debt to EBITDA (Leverage), as calculated in accordance with the definition in the Credit Agreement, was 2.8x at September 30, 2021. 
 
 Two Griffon subsidiaries have finance leases outstanding for real estate located in Troy, Ohio and Ocala, Florida. The leases mature in November 2021 and 2025, respectively, and bear interest at fixed rates of approximately 5.0 and 5.6 , respectively. The Troy, Ohio lease is secured by a mortgage on the real estate, which is guaranteed by Griffon, and has a one dollar buyout at the end of the lease in the first fiscal quarter of 2022. The Ocala, Florida lease contains two five-year renewal options. As of September 30, 2021, 14,590 was outstanding, net of issuance costs. Refer to Note 21 - Leases for further details. 
 
 In November 2012, Garant G.P. Garant ), a Griffon subsidiary, entered into a CAD 15,000 11,798 as of September 30, 2021) revolving credit facility. The facility accrues interest at LIBOR (USD) or the Bankers Acceptance Rate (CDN) plus 1.3 per annum (1.38 LIBOR USD and 1.51 Bankers Acceptance Rate CDN as of September 30, 2021 and September 29, 2021, respectively). The revolving facility matures in October 2022. Garant is required to maintain a certain minimum equity. As of September 30, 2021, there were no borrowings under the revolving credit facility with CAD 15,000 11,798 as of September 30, 2021) available for borrowing. 
 
 In July 2016, Griffon Australia Holdings Pty Ltd and its Australian subsidiaries ("Griffon Australia") entered into an AUD 29,625 term loan, AUD 20,000 revolver and AUD 10,000 receivable purchase facility agreement. The term loan requires quarterly principal payments of AUD 1,250 plus interest with a balloon payment of AUD 9,625 due upon maturity in March 2022, and accrues interest at Bank Bill Swap Bid Rate BBSY plus 1.95 per annum (2.01 at September 30, 2021). During fiscal 2020, the term loan balance was reduced by AUD 5,000 from AUD 23,375 to AUD 18,375 with proceeds from an AUD 5,000 increase in the commitment of the receivables purchase line from AUD 10,000 to AUD 15,000. As of September 30, 2021, the term loan had an outstanding balance of AUD 10,875 7,847 as of September 30, 2021). The revolving facility and receivable purchase facility mature in March 2022, but are renewable upon mutual agreement with the lender. The revolving facility and receivable purchase facility accrue interest at BBSY plus 1.9 and 1.35 , respectively, per annum (1.97 and 1.41 , respectively, at September 30, 2021). At September 30, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding under the revolver and the receivable purchase facility. The revolver, receivable purchase facility and term loan are all secured by substantially all of the assets of Griffon Australia and its subsidiaries. Griffon Australia is required to maintain a certain minimum equity level and is subject to a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charges cover ratio. 
 
 In July 2018, the AMES Companies UK Ltd and its subsidiaries (collectively, "Ames UK") entered into a GBP 14,000 term loan, GBP 4,000 mortgage loan and GBP 5,000 revolver. The term loan and mortgage loan require quarterly principal payments of GBP 438 and GBP 105 plus interest, respectively, and have balloon payments due upon maturity, July 2023, of GBP 7,088 and GBP 2,349, respectively. The term loan and mortgage loan accrue interest at the GBP LIBOR Rate plus 1.8 (1.85 at September 30, 2021, respectively). The revolving facility matures in June 2022, but is renewable upon mutual agreement with the lender, and accrues interest at the Bank of England Base Rate plus 3.25 (3.35 as of September 30, 2021). As of September 30, 2021, the revolver had an outstanding balance of GBP 2,234 3,012 as of September 30, 2021), while the term and mortgage loan balances amounted to GBP 13,229 17,837 as of September 30, 2021). The revolver and the term loan are both secured by substantially all of the assets of AMES UK and its subsidiaries. AMES UK is subject to a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charges cover ratio. An invoice discounting arrangement was canceled and replaced by the above loan facilities. 
 
 Other long-term debt primarily consists of a loan with the Pennsylvania Industrial Development Authority, with the balance consisting of financing leases. 
 
 In August 2016 and as amended on June 30, 2017, Griffon s ESOP entered into a Term Loan with a bank (the "ESOP Agreement"). The Term Loan interest rate was LIBOR plus 3.00 . The Term Loan required quarterly principal payments of 569 with a balloon payment due at maturity. The Term Loan was secured by shares purchased with the proceeds of the loan and with a lien on a specific amount of Griffon assets (which ranked pari passu with the lien granted on such assets under the Credit Agreement) and was guaranteed by Griffon. On March 13, 2019, the ESOP Term Loan was refinanced with an internal loan from Griffon which was funded with cash and a draw under its Credit Agreement. The internal loan interest rate is fixed at 2.91 , matures in June 2033 and requires quarterly payments of principal, currently 620, and interest. The internal loan is secured by shares purchased with the proceeds of the loan. The amount outstanding on the internal loan at September 30, 2021 was 27,368. 
 
 49 

Capital Resource Requirements 
 
 In November 2019, Griffon announced the development of a next-generation business platform for CPP to enhance the growth, efficiency, and competitiveness of its U.S. operations, and on November 12, 2020, Griffon announced that CPP is broadening this strategic initiative to include additional North American facilities, the AMES UK and Australia businesses, and a manufacturing facility in China. The project is expected to be completed by the end of calendar year 2023. For additional information, see CPP reportable segments discussion. 
 
 Griffon's debt requirements include principal on our outstanding debt, most notably our Senior Notes totaling 1,000,000 payable in 2028 and related annual interest payments of approximately 57,500. 
 
 Griffon's purchase obligations, which are generally for the purchase of goods and services in the ordinary course of business over the next twelve months is approximately 255,661. Griffon uses blanket purchase orders to communicate expected requirements to certain vendors. Purchase obligations reflect those purchase orders in which the commitment is considered to be firm. 
 
 Griffon rents real property and equipment under operating leases expiring at various dates. Operating lease obligations over the next twelve months is approximately 36,109. Refer to Note 21 - Leases. 
 
 Customers 
 
 A small number of customers account for, and are expected to continue to account for, a substantial portion of Griffon s consolidated revenue. In 2021, Home Depot represented 19 of Griffon s consolidated revenue, 26 of CPP's revenue and 10 of HBP's revenue. 
 
 No other customer exceeded 10 or more of consolidated revenue. Future operating results will continue to substantially depend on the success of Griffon s largest customers and our relationships with them. Orders from these customers are subject to change and may fluctuate materially. The loss of all or a portion of volume from any one of these customers could have a material adverse impact on Griffon s liquidity and operations. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Except for purchase obligations as disclosed herein, Griffon is not a party to any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Griffon s Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally by Clopay Corporation, Telephonics Corporation, The AMES Companies, Inc., ATT Southern LLC, Clopay AMES Holding Corp., ClosetMaid LLC, CornellCookson, LLC and Cornell Real Estate Holdings, LLC, all of which are indirectly 100 owned by Griffon. In accordance with Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act, presented below are summarized financial information of the Parent (Griffon) subsidiaries and the Guarantor subsidiaries as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 and for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. All intercompany balances and transactions between subsidiaries under Parent and subsidiaries under the Guarantor have been eliminated. The information presented below excludes eliminations necessary to arrive at the information on a consolidated basis. The summarized information excludes financial information of the Non-Guarantors, including earnings from and investments in these entities. The financial information may not necessarily be indicative of the results of operations or financial position of the guarantor companies or non-guarantor companies had they operated as independent entities. The guarantor companies and the non-guarantor companies include the consolidated financial results of their wholly-owned subsidiaries accounted for under the equity method. 
 
 The indentures relating to the Senior Notes (the Indentures contain terms providing that, under certain limited circumstances, a guarantor will be released from its obligations to guarantee the Senior Notes. These circumstances include (i) a sale of at least a majority of the stock, or all or substantially all the assets, of the subsidiary guarantor as permitted by the Indentures; (ii) a public equity offering of a subsidiary guarantor that qualifies as a Minority Business as defined in the Indentures (generally, a business the EBITDA of which constitutes less than 50 of the segment adjusted EBITDA of the Company for the most recently ended four fiscal quarters), and that meets certain other specified conditions as set forth in the Indentures; (iii) the designation of a guarantor as an unrestricted subsidiary as defined in the Indentures, in compliance with the terms of the Indentures; (iv) Griffon exercising its right to defease the Senior Notes, or to otherwise discharge its obligations under the Indentures, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Indentures; and (v) upon obtaining the requisite consent of the holders of the Senior Notes. 
 50 

Summarized Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 For the Year Ended For the Year Ended September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Parent Company Guarantor Companies Parent Company Guarantor Companies Net sales 1,991,434 1,938,972 Gross profit 497,829 488,048 Income (loss) from operations (22,321) 132,870 (24,876) 130,147 Equity in earnings of Guarantor subsidiaries 79,055 58,455 Net income (loss) (40,035) 79,055 (48,546) 58,455 
 
 Summarized Balance Sheet Information 
 
 For the Year Ended For the Year Ended September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Parent Company Guarantor Companies Parent Company Guarantor Companies Current assets 114,377 951,609 140,003 776,069 Non-current assets 17,665 1,069,540 23,069 1,046,225 Total assets 132,042 2,021,149 163,072 1,822,294 Current liabilities 41,334 397,121 39,130 296,293 Long-term debt 998,787 14,482 995,636 15,992 Other liabilities 43,337 164,122 38,024 195,792 Total liabilities 1,083,458 575,725 1,072,790 508,077 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of Griffon s consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. of America GAAP requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments and subjective interpretations of accounting principles that have an impact on assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. These estimates can also affect supplemental information contained in public disclosures of Griffon, including information regarding contingencies, risk and its financial condition. These estimates, assumptions and judgments are evaluated on an ongoing basis and based on historical experience, current conditions and various other assumptions, and form the basis for estimating the carrying values of assets and liabilities, as well as identifying and assessing the accounting treatment for commitments and contingencies. Actual results may materially differ from these estimates. 
 
 An estimate is considered to be critical if it is subjective and if changes in the estimate using different assumptions would result in a material impact on Griffon s financial position or results of operations. The following have been identified as the most critical accounting policies and estimates: 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company recognizes revenue when performance obligations identified under the terms of contracts with its customers are satisfied. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service, or a bundle of goods or services, to the customer, and is the unit of accounting. A contract with a customer is an agreement which both parties have approved, that creates enforceable rights and obligations, has commercial substance and with respect to which payment terms are identified and collectability is probable. Once the Company has entered into a contract or purchase order, it is evaluated to identify performance obligations. For each performance obligation, revenue is recognized when control of the promised products is transferred to the customer, or services are satisfied under the contract or purchase order, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those products or services (the transaction price). 
 
 51 

A contract's transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied. A majority of the Company s contracts have a single performance obligation which represents, in most cases, the product being sold to the customer. To a lesser extent, some contracts include multiple performance obligations such as a product, the related installation, and extended warranty services. These contracts require judgment in determining the number of performance obligations. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, judgment is required to determine whether performance obligations specified in these contacts are distinct and should be accounted for as separate revenue transactions for recognition purposes. In these types of contracts, the Company allocates the total transaction price to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation. The Company uses an observable price to determine the stand-alone selling price for separate performance obligations or a cost plus margin approach when one is not available. The transaction price includes variable consideration, such as discounts and volume rebates, when it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue recognized will not occur. Variable consideration is determined using either the expected value or the most likely amount of consideration to be received based on historical experience and the specific facts and circumstances at the time of evaluation. 
 The Company s performance obligations are recognized at a point in time related to the manufacture and sale of a broad range of products and components, and revenue is recognized when title, and risk and rewards of ownership, have transferred to the customer, which is generally upon shipment. 
 A majority of the Company's revenue is short cycle in nature with shipments occurring within one year from order and does not include a material long-term financing component, implicitly or explicitly. Payment terms generally range between 15 to 90 days and vary by the location of the business, the type of products manufactured to be sold and the volume of products sold, among other factors. 
 The Company recognizes revenue from product sales when all factors are met, including when control of a product transfers to the customer upon its shipment, completion of installation, testing, certification or other substantive acceptance required under the contract. Other than standard product warranty provisions, sales arrangements provide for no other significant post-shipment obligations on the Company. From time-to-time and for certain customers, rebates and other sales incentives, promotional allowances or discounts are offered, typically related to customer purchase volumes, all of which are fixed or determinable and are classified as a reduction of revenue and recorded at the time of sale. Griffon provides for sales returns and allowances based upon historical returns experience. The Company includes shipping costs billed to customers in revenue and the related shipping costs in either Cost of Goods and Services and Selling, general and administrative expenses, as applicable. 
 
 The majority of the Company s contracts offer assurance-type warranties in connection with the sale of a product to a customer. Assurance-type warranties provide a customer with assurance that the related product will function as the parties intended because it complies with agreed-upon specifications. Such warranties do not represent a separate performance obligation. 
 Payment terms vary depending on the type and location of the customer and the products or services offered. Generally, the period between the time revenue is recognized and the time payment is due is not significant. Shipping and handling charges are not considered a separate performance obligation. Additionally, all taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction and collected from a customer (e.g., sales, use, value added, and some excise taxes) are excluded from revenue. 
 Inventories 
 
 Inventories, stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out or average) or market, include material, labor and manufacturing overhead costs. 
 
 Griffon s businesses typically do not require inventory that is susceptible to becoming obsolete or dated. In general, HBP produces residential and commercial sectional garage doors, commercial rolling steel door and grille products, and CPP produces long-handled tools and landscaping products, and storage and organizational products, both in response to orders from customers of retailers and dealers or based on expected orders, as applicable. 
 
 Warranty Accruals 
 
 Direct customer and end-user warranties are provided on certain products. These warranties cover manufacturing defects that would prevent the product from performing in line with its intended and marketed use. The terms of such warranties vary by product line and generally provide for the repair or replacement of the defective product. Warranty claims data is collected and analyzed with a focus on the historical amount of claims, the products involved, the amount of time between the warranty claims and the products respective sales and the amount of current sales. Based on such analysis, warranty accruals are recorded as an increase to cost of sales and regularly reviewed for adequacy. 
 52 

Stock-based Compensation 
 
 Griffon has issued stock-based compensation to certain employees, officers and directors in the form of restricted stock and restricted stock units. 
 
 Compensation expense for restricted stock and restricted stock units is recognized ratably over the required service period based on the fair value of the grant, calculated as the number of shares or units granted multiplied by the stock price on the date of grant, and for performance shares or units, the likelihood of achieving the performance criteria. For certain restricted stock grants with a performance metric related to Griffon's stock price, the company performs a valuation as of the date of grant and recognizes the expense over the vesting period. The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. 
 
 Expected Loss Allowances for Discount, Doubtful Account and Returns 
 
 Trade receivables are recorded at their stated amount, less allowances for discounts, doubtful accounts and returns. The expected loss allowance represents estimated uncollectible receivables associated with potential customer defaults on contractual obligations (usually due to customers potential insolvency), discounts related to early payment of accounts receivables by customers and estimates for returns. The expected loss allowance for doubtful accounts includes amounts for certain customers in which a risk of default has been specifically identified, as well as an amount for customer defaults, based on a formula, when it is determined the risk of some default is probable and estimable, but cannot yet be associated with specific customers. Allowance for discounts and returns are recorded as a reduction of revenue and the provision related to the allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded in SG A expenses. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 Acquired businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting which requires, among other things, that most assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date and that the fair value of acquired in-process research and development be recorded on the balance sheet. Related transaction costs are expensed as incurred. Any excess of the purchase price over the assigned values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. 
 
 Goodwill, Long-Lived Intangible and Tangible Assets, and Impairment 
 
 Griffon has significant intangible and tangible long-lived assets on its balance sheet that includes goodwill and other intangible assets related to acquisitions. Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of net assets acquired in business combinations over the fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter, or more frequently whenever events or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below the carrying amount. Such events or changes in circumstance include significant deterioration in overall economic conditions, changes in the business climate in which our reporting units operate, a decline in our market capitalization, operating performance indicators, when some portion of a reporting unit is disposed of or classified as held for sale, or when a change in the composition of reporting units occurs for other reasons, such as a change in operating segments. 
 
 We had two reporting units as of September 30, 2021 and three reporting units as of September 30, 2020, which are our operating segments. The change in reporting units was a result of classifying our Defense Electronics segment as a discontinued operation as of September 30, 2021. We use both qualitative and quantitative approaches when testing goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment. When determining the approach to use, we consider the current facts and circumstances of each reporting unit, as well as the excess of each reporting unit s estimated fair value over its carrying value based on our most recent quantitative assessment. In addition, our qualitative approach evaluates industry and market conditions and various events impacting a reporting unit including, but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, changes in the business environment in which our reporting units operate and other reporting unit specific events and circumstances. If, based on the qualitative assessment, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying value, then a quantitative assessment is not necessary. However, if a quantitative assessment is necessary, we use the income approach methodology of valuation that includes the present value of expected future cash flows. 
 
 We performed a quantitative annual impairment test as of September 30, 2019, and a quantitative impairment test as of March 31, 2020, to assess the impact of the global outbreak of COVID-19, using discounted future cash flows for each reporting unit, which did not result in impairments to goodwill. The more significant assumptions used for the impairment test as of March 31, 2020 were a five-year cash flow projection and a 3.0 terminal value to which discount rates between 7.1 and 9.0 were 
 53 

applied to calculate each unit s fair value. To substantiate fair values derived from the income approach methodology of valuation, the implied fair value was compared to the marketplace fair value of a comparable industry grouping for reasonableness. Further, the fair values were reconciled to Griffon s market capitalization. 
 
 We performed a qualitative assessment as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, as the estimated fair values of each reporting unit significantly exceeded the carrying value based on our most recent quantitative assessment, which was performed as of March 31, 2020. Our qualitative assessment determined that indicators that the fair value of each reporting unit was less than the carrying value were not present. In addition, we performed a qualitative assessment as of September 30 2021 of the Defense Electronics discontinued operation goodwill and determined that an indicator that the fair value was less than the carrying value of the business was not present. 
 
 With respect to indefinite-lived intangibles we performed a quantitative annual impairment test as of September 30, 2019, and a quantitative impairment test as of March 31, 2020, to assess the impact of the global outbreak of COVID-19, using a relief from royalty method, neither of which resulted in an impairment. We performed a qualitative assessment as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 considering all the above factors and determined that indefinite-lived intangibles fair values were greater than their book values. 
 
 Long-lived amortizable intangible assets, such as customer relationships and software, and tangible assets, primarily property, plant and equipment, are amortized over their expected useful lives, which involve significant assumptions and estimates. Long-lived intangible and tangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing estimated future undiscounted cash flows to the carrying value of the asset when an impairment indicator, such as change in business, customer loss or obsolete technology, exists. 
 
 Fair value estimates are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time, but such assumptions are subject to inherent uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially from those estimates. Any changes in key assumptions or management judgment with respect to a reporting unit or its prospects, which may result from a decline in Griffon s stock price, a change in market conditions, market trends, interest rates or other factors outside of Griffon s control, or significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, could result in a significantly different estimate of the fair value of Griffon s reporting units, which could result in an impairment charge in the future. 
 
 Leases 
 
 On October 1, 2019, the Company adopted the Accounting Standards Codifications ("ASC") Topic 842, Leases, which requires the recording of operating lease Right-of-Use ("ROU") assets and operating lease liabilities. Finance leases were not impacted by the adoption of ASC Topic 842, as finance lease liabilities and the corresponding assets were already recorded in the balance sheet under the previous guidance, ASC Topic 840. The Company has elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the new standard, which among other things, allows us to carry forward the historical lease classification. We also elected a practical expedient to determine the reasonably certain lease term. 
 
 The Company applied the modified retrospective approach, whereby the cumulative effect of adoption is recognized as of the date of adoption and comparative prior periods are not retrospectively adjusted. As a result, upon adoption, we recognized ROU assets of 163,552 and lease liabilities of 163,676 associated with our operating leases. The standard had no material impact to retained earnings or on our Consolidated Statements of Income or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. We use the implicit rate when readily determinable. For leases existing as of October 1, 2019, we have elected to use the remaining lease term as of the adoption date in determining the incremental borrowing rate. Our determination of the lease term may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. 
 
 The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. The ROU assets and short and long-term liabilities associated with our operating leases are shown as separate line items on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Finance leases are included in property, plant, and equipment, net, other accrued liabilities, and other non-current liabilities. 
 
 54 

For operating leases, fixed lease payments are recognized as operating lease cost on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For finance leases and impaired operating leases, the ROU asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the remaining lease term, along with recognition of interest expense associated with accretion of the lease liability. For leases with a lease term of 12 months or less (a "Short-term" lease), any fixed lease payments are recognized on a straight-line basis over such term, and are not recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Variable lease cost for both operating and finance leases, if any, is recognized as incurred. The Company has lease agreements that contain both lease and non-lease components. For real estate leases, we account for lease components together with non-lease components (e.g., common-area maintenance). 
 
 Restructuring Reserves 
 
 From time to time, Griffon will establish restructuring reserves at an operation. These reserves, for both termination and facility related exit costs, require the use of estimates. Though Griffon believes the estimates made are reasonable, they could differ materially from the actual costs. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Griffon s effective tax rate is based on income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which Griffon operates. For interim financial reporting, the annual tax rate is estimated based on projected taxable income for the full year, and a quarterly income tax provision is recorded in accordance with the anticipated annual rate. As the year progresses, the annual tax rate is refined as new information becomes available, including year-to-date financial results. This process often results in changes to the effective tax rate throughout the year. Significant judgment is required in determining the effective tax rate and in evaluating tax positions. 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets represent items to be used as a tax deduction or credit in future tax returns for which a tax benefit has been recorded in the income statement. The Company assesses whether a valuation allowance should be established against its deferred tax assets based on consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, using a more likely than not standard. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses; a forecast of future profitability; the duration of statutory carryback and carryforward periods; the Company's experience with tax attributes expiring unused; and tax planning alternatives. The likelihood that the deferred tax asset balance will be recovered from future taxable income is assessed at least quarterly, and the valuation allowance, if any, is adjusted accordingly. 
 
 Tax benefits are recognized for an uncertain tax position when, in management s judgment, it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. For a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the tax benefit is measured as the largest amount that is judged to have a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority. The liability associated with unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted periodically due to changing circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, case law developments and new or emerging legislation. Such adjustments are recognized in the period in which they are identified. The effective tax rate includes the net impact of changes in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits and subsequent adjustments as considered appropriate by management. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter for which Griffon has recorded a liability related to an unrecognized tax benefit is audited and finally resolved. The number of years with open tax audits varies by jurisdiction. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter, Griffon believes its liability for unrecognized tax benefits is adequate. Favorable resolution of an unrecognized tax benefit could be recognized as a reduction in Griffon s tax provision and effective tax rate in the period of resolution. Unfavorable settlement of an unrecognized tax benefit may require the use of cash in the period of resolution. The liability for unrecognized tax benefits is generally presented as non-current. However, if it is anticipated that a cash settlement will occur within one year, that portion of the liability is presented as current. Interest and penalties recognized on the liability for unrecognized tax benefits is recorded as income tax expense. 
 
 Pension Benefits 
 
 Griffon sponsors defined and supplemental benefit pension plans for certain active and retired employees. Annual amounts relating to these plans are recorded based on actuarial projections, which include various actuarial assumptions, including discount rates, assumed rates of return, compensation increases and turnover rates. The actuarial assumptions used to determine pension liabilities, assets and expense are reviewed annually and modified based on current economic conditions and trends. The expected return on plan assets is determined based on the nature of the plans investments and expectations for long-term rates of return. The discount rate used to measure obligations is based on a corporate bond spot-rate yield curve that matches projected future benefit payments, with the appropriate spot rate applicable to the timing of the projected future benefit 
 55 

payments. Assumptions used in determining Griffon s obligations under the defined benefit pension plans are believed to be reasonable, based on experience and advice from independent actuaries; however, differences in actual experience or changes in the assumptions may materially affect Griffon s financial position or results of operations. 
 
 All of the defined benefit plans are frozen and have ceased accruing benefits. 
 
 New Accounting Standards 
 
 For a discussion of the new accounting standards impacting the Company, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Interest Rates 
 
 Griffon s exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to variable interest rate debt and investments in cash and equivalents. 
 
 The revolving credit facility and certain other of Griffon s credit facilities have a LIBOR- and EURIBOR- based variable interest rate. Due to the current and expected level of borrowings under these facilities, a 100 basis point change in LIBOR or EURIBOR would not have a material impact on Griffon s results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 Foreign Exchange 
 
 Griffon conducts business in various non-U.S. countries, primarily in Canada, Australia, United Kingdom, Ireland, New Zealand and China; therefore, changes in the value of the currencies of these countries affect the financial position and cash flows when translated into U.S. Dollars. Griffon has generally accepted the exposure to exchange rate movements relative to its non-U.S. operations. Griffon may, from time to time, hedge its currency risk exposures. A change of 10 or less in the value of all applicable foreign currencies would not have a material effect on Griffon s financial position and cash flows. 

56 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 The financial statements of Griffon and its subsidiaries and the report thereon of Grant Thornton LLP are included herein: 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Account. 
 
 57 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Griffon Corporation 
 Opinions on the financial statements and internal control over financial reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Griffon Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes and financial statement schedule included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

58 

Critical audit matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements; and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Revenue from Customer Contracts Discontinued Defense Electronics Segment 
 
 As described further in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s discontinued Defense Electronics segment earns its revenue as either a prime contractor or subcontractor from contract awards with the U.S. Government, as well as foreign governments and other commercial contracts. Such contracts are typically long-term in nature and revenue and profits are recognized over time, primarily under fixed-price arrangements, which are determined using a cost-to-cost method of accounting. Using the cost-to-cost method, revenue is recorded at amounts equal to the ratio of actual cumulative costs incurred divided by total estimated costs at completion, multiplied by the total estimated contract revenue, less the cumulative revenue recognized in prior periods. The profit recorded on a contract using this method is equal to the current estimated total profit margin multiplied by the cumulative revenue recognized, less the amount of cumulative profit previously recorded for the contract in prior periods. This method relies on substantial use of estimates. These estimations require the Company to have effective cost estimation processes, forecasting, and revenue and expense reporting. Due to these aspects, this issue was considered a critical audit matter. 
 
 The principal consideration for our determination that Defense Electronics revenue and gross profit recognition is a critical audit matter is that significant management judgments and estimates are utilized to determine probable costs at contract completion and are subject to estimation uncertainty and require significant auditor subjectivity in evaluating those judgments and estimates. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to Defense Electronics revenue recognition included the following. We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls relating to the cost accumulation, cost estimation and revenue recognition processes, including the Company s ability to develop the estimates utilized in determining costs at completion. We inspected a selection of contracts and evaluated those contracts for appropriate revenue recognition and consideration over key terms and provisions. We analyzed trends in revenue, costs and margin on all contracts, on a contract-by-contract basis, both year-over-year and since contract inception to assess the historical accuracy of management s estimates in the final outcomes of projects. We assessed the appropriateness of adjustments to estimates on a cumulative basis for the year ended September 30, 2021 and their impact on the financial statements. We tested the cost accumulation process by obtaining and inspecting underlying documents for a sample of labor, material costs and overhead and agreeing to amounts recorded by the Company. We also recalculated revenue and gross profit recognized for the year ended September 30, 2021, for a selection of contracts, to test the accuracy of amounts recognized. 
 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2006. 
 New York, New York 
 November 16 , 2021 
 
 59 

GRIFFON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

At September 30, 2021 At September 30, 2020 CURRENT ASSETS Cash and equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and 
 Inventories Prepaid and other current assets Assets of discontinued operations held for sale Assets of discontinued operations not held for sale Total Current Assets PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, net OPERATING LEASE RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS GOODWILL INTANGIBLE ASSETS, net OTHER ASSETS ASSETS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS HELD FOR SALE ASSETS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS Total Assets CURRENT LIABILITIES Notes payable and current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Liabilities of discontinued operations held for sale Liabilities of discontinued operations Total Current Liabilities LONG-TERM DEBT, net LONG-TERM OPERATING LEASE LIABILITIES OTHER LIABILITIES LIABILITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS HELD FOR SALE LIABILITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS Total Liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES - See Note 16 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock, par value per share, authorized shares, shares issued 
 Common stock, par value per share, authorized shares, issued shares of and , respectively. 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Treasury shares, at cost, common shares and common shares, respectively. 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Deferred compensation ) ) Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 60 

GRIFFON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND 
 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Revenue Cost of goods and services Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Income from continuing operations Other income (expense) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Loss from debt extinguishment ) Other, net Total other income (expense) ) ) ) Income before taxes from continuing operations Provision for income taxes Income from continuing operations Discontinued operations: Income before tax from discontinued operations Provision for income taxes Income from discontinued operations Net income Basic earnings per common share: Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations Basic earnings per common share Weighted-average shares outstanding Diluted earnings per common share: Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations Diluted earnings per common share Weighted-average shares outstanding Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Pension and other post retirement plans ) ) Gain (loss) on cash flow hedge ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes ) ) Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 61 

GRIFFON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Years Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES - CONTINUING OPERATIONS: Net income Net income from discontinued operations ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Asset impairment charges - restructuring Provision for losses on accounts receivable Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts Loss from debt extinguishment Deferred income tax ) (Gain)/ loss on sale/disposal of assets and investments ) ) Change in assets and liabilities, net of assets and liabilities acquired: (Increase) decrease in accounts receivable ) ) (Increase) decrease in inventories ) ) Increase in prepaid and other assets ) ) ) Increase in accounts payable, accrued liabilities and income taxes payable Other changes, net Net cash provided by operating activities - continuing operations CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES - CONTINUING OPERATIONS: Acquisition of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Acquired business, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Investment purchases ) ) ) Payments from sale of business ) Insurance payments ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Net cash used in investing activities - continuing operations ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES - CONTINUING OPERATIONS: Proceeds from issuance of common stock Dividends paid ) ) ) Purchase of shares for treasury ) ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt Payments of long-term debt ) ) ) Change in short-term borrowings ) Financing costs ) ) ) Contingent consideration for acquired businesses ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used) in financing activities - continuing operations ) ) 
 62 

GRIFFON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

CASH FLOWS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS: Net cash provided by operating activities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Net cash provided by discontinued operations Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and equivalents ) NET INCREASE IN CASH AND EQUIVALENTS CASH AND EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AND EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes 
 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

63 

GRIFFON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 

COMMON STOCK CAPITAL IN EXCESS OF PAR VALUE RETAINED EARNINGS TREASURY SHARES ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) DEFERRED COMPENSATION Total (in thousands) SHARES PAR VALUE SHARES COST Balance at 9/30/2018 ) ) ) Net income Cumulative catch-up adjustment related to adoption of ASC 606 ) ) Dividends ) ) Shares withheld on employee taxes on vested equity awards ) ) Amortization of deferred compensation Common stock acquired ) ) Equity awards granted, net ) ESOP allocation of common stock Stock-based compensation Stock-based consideration Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Balance at 9/30/2019 ) ) ) Net income Dividends ) ) Shares withheld on employee taxes on vested equity awards ) ) Amortization of deferred compensation Common stock issued, net of issuance costs ) Equity awards granted, net ) ESOP allocation of common stock Stock-based compensation Stock-based consideration Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Balance at 9/30/2020 ) ) ) 
 
 64 

GRIFFON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 

COMMON STOCK CAPITAL IN EXCESS OF PAR VALUE RETAINED EARNINGS TREASURY SHARES ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) DEFERRED COMPENSATION Total (in thousands) SHARES PAR VALUE SHARES COST Balance at 9/30/2020 ) ) ) Net income Dividends ) ) Shares withheld on employee taxes on vested equity awards ) ) Amortization of deferred compensation Equity awards granted, net ) ESOP allocation of common stock Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance at 9/30/2021 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 65 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (US dollars and non US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 (Unless otherwise indicated, all references to years or year-end refer to Griffon s fiscal period ending September 30, 

NOTE 1 
 
 in annualized revenue in the first twelve months under AMES' ownership. 
 
 In August 2020 Griffon Corporation completed the public offering of shares of our common stock for total net proceeds of (the "Public Offering"). The Company used a portion of the net proceeds to repay outstanding borrowings under its Credit Agreement. The Company intends to use the remainder of the proceeds for general corporate purposes, including to expand its current business through acquisitions of, or investments in, other businesses or products. 
 
 During 2020, Griffon issued of Senior Notes due in 2028 (the 2028 Senior Notes at par. Proceeds from the 2028 Senior Notes were used to redeem the of Senior Notes due 2022 (the "2022 Senior Notes"). 
 
 In January 2020, Griffon amended its credit agreement to increase the total amount available for borrowing from to , extend its maturity date from March 22, 2021 to March 22, 2025 and modify certain other provisions of the facility (the "Credit Agreement"). 
 
 In November 2019, Griffon announced the development of a next-generation business platform for CPP to enhance the growth, efficiency, and competitiveness of its U.S. operations, and on November 12, 2020, Griffon announced that CPP is broadening this strategic initiative to include additional North American facilities, the AMES UK and Australia businesses, and a manufacturing facility in China. 
 The expanded focus of this initiative leverages the same three key development areas being executed within our U.S. operations. First, certain AMES global operations will be consolidated to optimize facilities footprint and talent. Second, strategic investments in automation and facilities expansion will be made to increase the efficiency of our manufacturing and fulfillment operations, and support e-commerce growth. Third, multiple independent information systems will be unified into a single data and analytics platform, which will serve the whole AMES global enterprise. 
 66 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

and capital investments of approximately . The one-time charges are comprised of of cash charges, which includes of personnel-related costs such as training, severance, and duplicate personnel costs as well as of facility and lease exit costs. The remaining of charges are non-cash and are primarily related to asset write-downs. 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a pandemic, which continues to spread throughout the U.S. and the world. The impact from the rapidly changing U.S. and global market and economic conditions due to the COVID-19 outbreak is uncertain, with disruptions to the business of our customers and suppliers, which has, and could continue, to impact our business and consolidated results of operations and financial condition. As of the date of this filing, all of Griffon's facilities are fully operational. We have implemented a variety of new policies and procedures, including additional cleaning, social distancing, staggered shifts and prohibiting or significantly restricting on-site visitors, to minimize the risk to our employees of contracting COVID-19. In the United States, we manufacture a substantial majority of the products that we sell. While this helps mitigate the effects of global supplier and transportation disruptions, we are still impacted and are unable to accurately predict the impact COVID-19 will have due to numerous uncertainties, including the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities, the impact to our customers and suppliers businesses and other factors identified in Part 1, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Form 10-K. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact to our business, consolidated results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Griffon currently conducts its operations through reportable segments: 
 
 Consumer and Professional Products ("CPP") conducts its operations through The AMES Companies, Inc. AMES ). Founded in 1774, AMES is the leading North American manufacturer and a global provider of branded consumer and professional tools and products for home storage and organization, landscaping, and enhancing outdoor lifestyles. CPP sells products globally through a portfolio of leading brands including True Temper, AMES, and ClosetMaid. 
 
 Home and Building Products ("HBP") conducts its operations through Clopay. Founded in 1964, Clopay is the largest manufacturer and marketer of garage doors and rolling steel doors in North America. Residential and commercial sectional garage doors are sold through professional dealers and leading home center retail chains throughout North America under the brands Clopay, Ideal, and Holmes. Rolling steel door and grille products designed for commercial, industrial, institutional, and retail use are sold under the CornellCookson brand. 

Discontinued operations 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, discontinued operations includes the Telephonics business, and the assets and liabilities of discontinued installations business and other discontinued activities which have been segregated from Griffon's continuing operations primarily related to insurance claims, product liability, warranty and environmental reserves. See Note 8, Discontinued Operations. 

67 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents primarily consist of overnight commercial paper, highly-rated liquid money market funds backed by U.S. Treasury securities and U.S. Agency securities, as well as insured bank deposits. Griffon had cash in non-U.S. bank accounts of approximately and at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Substantially all U.S. cash and equivalents are in excess of FDIC insured limits. Griffon regularly evaluates the financial stability of all institutions and funds that hold its cash and equivalents. 

The fair value of Griffon s 2028 Senior Notes approximated , on September 30, 2021. Fair values were based upon quoted market prices (level 1 inputs). 
 
 Insurance contracts with a value of at September 30, 2021 are measured and recorded at fair value based upon quoted prices in active markets for similar assets (level 2 inputs) and are included in Other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 68 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

cost basis) and cost basis), respectively, were included in Prepaid and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 In the normal course of business, Griffon s operations are exposed to the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. To manage these risks, Griffon may enter into various derivative contracts such as foreign currency exchange contracts, including forwards and options. During 2021 and 2020, Griffon entered into several such contracts in order to lock into a foreign currency rate for planned settlements of trade and inter-company liabilities payable in USD. 
 
 At September 30, 2021 and 2020, Griffon had and of Australian dollar contracts at a weighted average rate of and , respectively,which qualified for hedge accounting. These hedges were all deemed effective as cash flow hedges with gains and losses related to changes in fair value deferred and recorded in Other comprehensive income (loss) and Prepaid and other current assets, or Accrued liabilities, until settlement. Upon settlement, gains and losses were recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) in Cost of goods and services. AOCI included deferred gains of , net of tax) and deferred losses of , net of tax) at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Upon settlement losses of ) and ) were recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) in Cost of goods and services ("COGS") during 2021 and 2020, respectively. Contracts expire in to days . 
 
 At September 30, 2021 and 2020, Griffon had and , respectively, of Canadian dollar contracts at a weighted average rate of and . These contracts, which protect Canadian operations from currency fluctuations for U.S. dollar based purchases, do not qualify for hedge accounting and fair value gains (losses) of and ) were recorded in Other assets and to Other income for the outstanding contracts, based on similar contract values (level 2 inputs), for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Realized (losses) gains of ) and , were recorded in Other income during 2021 and 2020, respectively. Contracts expire in to days . 
 
 At September 30, 2021, Griffon did t have Great Britain Pound contracts outstanding and had of Great Britain Pound contracts at a weighted average rate of at September 31, 2020. These contracts, which protect U.K. operations from currency fluctuations for U.S. dollar based purchases, do not qualify for hedge accounting; fair value (losses) gains of and were recorded in Other assets and to Other income for the outstanding contracts, based on similar contract values (level 2 inputs), for the years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020. Realized losses of were recorded in Other income during the year ended September 30, 2021. There were realized gains or losses recorded for these contracts during the year ended September 30, 2020. 
 
 Pension plan assets with a fair value of at September 30, 2021, are measured and recorded at fair value based upon quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (level 1 inputs), quoted market prices for similar assets (level 2 inputs) and fair value assumptions for unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists (level 3). 
 
 and for 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the foreign currency translation components of Accumulated other comprehensive loss were and , respectively. Assets and liabilities of an entity that are denominated in currencies other than that entity s functional currency are re-measured into the functional currency using period end exchange rates, or historical rates where applicable to certain balances. Gains and losses arising on remeasurements are recorded within the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income as a component of Other income (expense). 
 
 69 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

Refer to Note 2 - Revenue for a discussion of our revenue recognition practices for each of our reportable segments. 
 
 . Griffon performs continuing evaluations of the financial condition of its customers, and although Griffon generally does not require collateral, letters of credit may be required from customers in certain circumstances. 
 
 Trade receivables are recorded at the stated amount, less expected loss allowance for doubtful accounts and, when appropriate, for customer program reserves and cash discounts. The expected loss allowance represents estimated uncollectible receivables associated with potential customer defaults on contractual obligations (usually due to customers potential insolvency). The expected loss allowance for doubtful accounts includes amounts for certain customers where a risk of default has been specifically identified, as well as an amount for customer defaults based on a formula when it is determined the risk of some default is probable and estimable, but cannot yet be associated with specific customers. The provision related to the expected loss allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded in Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses. The Company writes-off accounts receivable when they are deemed to be uncollectible. 
 
 Customer program reserves and cash discounts are netted against accounts receivable when it is customer practice to reduce invoices for these amounts. The amounts netted against accounts receivable in 2021 and 2020 were and , respectively. 
 
 All accounts receivable amounts are expected to be collected in less than one year. 
 
 The Company does not currently have customers or contracts that prescribe specific retainage provisions. 

70 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

, and in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and was calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Depreciation included in SG A expenses was , and in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The remaining components of depreciation, attributable to manufacturing operations, are included in Cost of goods and services. Estimated useful lives for property, plant and equipment are as follows: buildings and building improvements, to years; machinery and equipment, to years; and leasehold improvements, over the term of the lease or life of the improvement, whichever is shorter. 
 
 Capitalized interest costs included in Property, plant and equipment were , and for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The original cost of fully-depreciated property, plant and equipment remaining in use at September 30, 2021 was approximately . 
 
 reporting units as of September 30, 2021 and reporting units as of September 30, 2020, which are our operating segments. The change in reporting units was a result of classifying our Defense Electronics segment as a discontinued operation as of September 30, 2021.We use both qualitative and quantitative approaches when testing goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment. When determining the approach to use, we consider the current facts and circumstances of each reporting unit, as well as the excess of each reporting unit s estimated fair value over its carrying value based on our most recent quantitative assessment. In addition, our qualitative approach evaluates industry and market conditions and various events impacting a reporting unit including, but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, changes in the business environment in which our reporting units operate and other reporting unit specific events and circumstances. If, based on the qualitative assessment, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying value, then a quantitative assessment is not necessary. However, if a quantitative assessment is necessary, we use the income approach methodology of valuation that includes the present value of expected future cash flows. 
 
 We performed a quantitative annual impairment test as of September 30, 2019, and a quantitative impairment test as of March 31, 2020, to assess the impact of the global outbreak of COVID-19, using discounted future cash flows for each reporting unit, which did not result in impairments to goodwill. The more significant assumptions used for the impairment test as of March 31, 2020 were a five -year cash flow projection and a terminal value to which discount rates between and were applied to calculate each unit s fair value. To substantiate fair values derived from the income approach methodology of valuation, the implied fair value was compared to the marketplace fair value of a comparable industry grouping for reasonableness. Further, the fair values were reconciled to Griffon s market capitalization. 
 
 We performed a qualitative assessment as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, as the estimated fair values of each reporting unit significantly exceeded the carrying value based on our most recent quantitative assessment, which was performed as of March 
 71 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

and lease liabilities of associated with our operating leases. The standard had no material impact to retained earnings or on our Consolidated Statements of Income or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. We use the implicit rate when readily determinable. For leases existing as of October 1, 2019, we have elected to use the remaining lease term as of the adoption date in determining the incremental borrowing rate. Our determination of the lease term may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. 
 
 The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. The ROU assets and short and long-term liabilities associated with our operating leases are shown as separate line items on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Finance leases are included in property, plant, and equipment, net, other accrued liabilities, and other non-current liabilities. 
 
 72 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

. 
 
 There were indicators of impairment during the three years ending September 30, 2021. 

in 2021 and in 2020 and 2019. 
 
 Total shipping and handling costs were in 2021, in 2020 and in 2019, of which in 2021, in 2020 and in 2019 were included in SG A. Advertising costs, which are expensed as incurred in SG A, was in 2021, in 2020 and in 2019. 
 
 73 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

The Company s non-service cost components of net periodic benefit plan cost was a benefit of , and during 2021, 2020, and 2019 respectively. 
 
 74 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 2 
 
 to days and vary by the location of the business, the type of products manufactured to be sold and the volume of products sold, among other factors. 
 The Company recognizes revenue from product sales when all factors are met, including when control of a product transfers to the customer upon its shipment, completion of installation, testing, certification or other substantive acceptance required under the contract. Other than standard product warranty provisions, sales arrangements provide for no other significant post-shipment obligations on the Company. From time-to-time and for certain customers, rebates and other sales incentives, 
 75 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

76 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 3 
 
 (approximately in cash. The purchase price is subject to additional contingent consideration of approximately AUD (approximately based on Quatro exceeding certain EBITDA performance targets in the first year. The preliminary goodwill and acquired intangibles allocated to this acquisition was AUD (approximately and AUD (approximately ), respectively, which was assigned to the CPP segment, and is not deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 On November 29, 2019, AMES acquired of the outstanding stock of Vatre Group Limited ("Apta"), a leading United Kingdom supplier of innovative garden pottery and associated products sold to leading UK and Ireland garden centers for approximately (GBP ), inclusive of a post-closing working capital adjustment, net of cash acquired. This acquisition broadens AMES' product offerings in the U.K. market and increases its in-country operational footprint. The purchase price was finalized and goodwill of GBP and acquired intangible assets of GBP , was assigned to the CPP segment and is deductible for tax purposes. The purchase price was also allocated to inventory of GBP , accounts receivable and other assets of GBP and accounts payable and other accrued liabilities of GBP , 
 
 . There were acquisition-related costs in 2019. 

NOTE 4 
 Work in process Finished goods Total 
 
 77 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 5 
 Machinery and equipment Leasehold improvements Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total 

NOTE 6 
 
 Provision for expected credit losses Amounts written off charged against the allowance ) Other, primarily foreign currency translation Ending Balance, September 30, 2021 
 
 78 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 7 
 
 reporting units at September 30, 2021 and reporting units at September 30, 2020, which are our operating segments. The change in reporting units was a result of classifying the Defense Electronics segment as a discontinued operation as of September 30, 2021. Refer to Note 1, for additional information on the Company's Goodwill and Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles annual impairment testing. 
 
 Home and Building Products Total 
 (a) The increase in the CPP segment was due to the acquisitions of Apta in 2020 and Quatro in 2021. 
 Unpatented technology Total amortizable intangible assets Trademarks Total intangible assets 
 
 The gross carrying amount of intangible assets was impacted by related to foreign currency translation. 
 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets subject to amortization was , and in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Amortization expense for each of the next five years and thereafter, based on current intangible balances and classifications, is estimated as follows: 2022 - ; 2023 - ; 2024 - ; 2025 - and 2026 - ; thereafter - . 
 
 79 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 8 
 Cost of goods and services Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Income from discontinued operations Other income (expense) Gain on sale of business Interest income, net Other, net ) Total other income (expense) ) Income from discontinued operations before tax 
 
 The gain on sale of business relates to the divestiture of the SEG business on December 18, 2020, SEG had sales of approximately , , and for the years ended 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
 Income from discontinued operations includes severance charges of approximately , with recognized in fiscal 2020, and the remaining recognized in fiscal 2021. In September 2020, the DE Voluntary Employee Retirement Plan was initiated, which was subsequently followed by a reduction in force in November 2020, to improve efficiencies by combining functions and responsibilities. These actions reduced headcount by approximately people. 
 
 Income from discontinued operations includes charges of recorded in fiscal 2021 primarily related to exiting our older weather radar product lines. 

80 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

Contract assets, net of progress payments Inventories Prepaid and other current assets PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, net OPERATING LEASE RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS GOODWILL INTANGIBLE ASSETS, net OTHER ASSETS Total Assets Held for Sale CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities LONG-TERM OPERATING LEASE LIABILITIES OTHER LIABILITIES Total Liabilities Held for Sale 
 
 Installation Services and Other Discontinued Activities 
 
 During 2019, Griffon recorded an charge , net of tax) to discontinued operations. The charge consisted primarily of a purchase price adjustment to resolve a claim related to the Plastics divestiture and included an additional reserve for a legacy environmental matter. 
 Other long-term assets Total assets of discontinued operations Liabilities of discontinued operations: Accrued liabilities, current Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities of discontinued operations 
 
 At September 30, 2021, Griffon s liabilities for Installations Services and other discontinued operations primarily related to insurance claims, income taxes and product liability, warranty and environmental reserves totaling liabilities of approximately . The decrease in assets and liabilities were primarily associated with insurance claims receivable and payable. 
 
 There was reported revenue in 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
 81 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 9 
 
 Interest Warranties and rebates Insurance Rent, utilities and freight Income and other taxes Marketing and advertising Restructuring Other Total 

NOTE 10 
 
 , with completion now expected by the end of calendar year 2023. When fully implemented, these actions will result in annual cash savings of to and a reduction in inventory of to both based on fiscal 2020 operating levels. 
 
 The cost to implement this new business platform, over the duration of the project, will include one-time charges of approximately and capital investments of approximately . The one-time charges are comprised of of cash charges, which includes of personnel-related costs such as training, severance, and duplicate personnel costs as well as of facility and lease exit costs. The remaining of charges are non-cash and are primarily related to asset 
 write-downs. 
 
 In the year ended September 30, 2021, CPP incurred pre-tax restructuring and related exit costs approximating . Cash charges totaled and non-cash, asset-related charges totaled ; the cash charges included for one-time termination benefits and other personnel-related costs and for facility and lease exit costs primarily driven by the consolidation of distribution facilities and system optimization. Non-cash charges of predominantly related to inventory of that have no recoverable value, and a impairment charge related to machinery and equipment that have no recoverable value at one of the Company's owned manufacturing locations. 
 In the year ended September 30, 2020, CPP incurred pre-tax restructuring and related exit costs approximating . Cash charges totaled and non-cash, asset-related charges totaled ; the cash charges included for one-time termination benefits and other personnel-related costs and for facility exit costs. Non-cash charges included a impairment charge related to a facility s operating lease as well as of leasehold improvements made to the leased facility and of inventory that have no recoverable value, and a impairment charge related to machinery and equipment that have no recoverable value at one of the Company's owned manufacturing locations. 
 82 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

, comprised of cash charges of and non-cash, asset-related charges of ; the cash charges included for one-time termination benefits and other personnel-related costs and for facility exit costs. As a result of these transactions, headcount was reduced by . 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Total restructuring charges For the Year Ended September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Personnel related costs Facilities, exit costs and other Non-cash facility and other Total 
 
 Charges Payments ) ) ) Non-cash charges (1) 
 ) ) Accrued liability at September 30, 2020 Charges Payments ) ) ) Non-cash charges (1) 
 ) ) Accrued liability at September 30, 2021 (1) Non-cash charges in Facility and Other Costs primarily represent the non-cash write-off of certain long-lived assets in connection with certain facility closures. 

NOTE 11 
 
 on all products from the date of the original purchase unless otherwise stated on the product or packaging from the date of original purchase. 
 
 83 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

Warranties issued and changes in estimated pre-existing warranties Actual warranty costs incurred ) ) Balance, end of period 

NOTE 12 
 
 ) Revolver due 2025 (b) ) Variable Finance lease - real estate (c) ) Variable Non U.S. lines of credit (d) ) Variable Non U.S. term loans (d) ) Variable Other long term debt (e) ) Variable Totals ) less: Current portion ) ) Long-term debt ) 
 At September 30, 2020 Outstanding Balance Original Issuer Premium Capitalized Fees Expenses Balance Sheet Coupon Interest Rate Senior notes due 2028 (a) ) Revolver due 2025 (b) ) Variable Finance lease - real estate (c) ) Variable Non U.S. lines of credit (d) ) ) Variable Non U.S. term loans (f) ) Variable Other long term debt (g) ) Variable Totals ) less: Current portion ) ) Long-term debt ) 
 
 84 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

) Revolver due 2025 (b) Variable Finance lease - real estate (c) Non U.S. lines of credit (d) Variable Non U.S. term loans (d) Variable Other long term debt (e) Variable Capitalized interest ) ) Totals ) 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2020 Effective Interest Rate Cash Interest Amort. Debt Discount Amort. Deferred Cost Other Fees Total Interest Expense Senior notes due 2028 (a) Senior notes due 2022 (a) Revolver due 2025 (b) Variable Finance lease - real estate (c) Non U.S. lines of credit (d) Variable Non U.S. term loans (d) Variable Other long term debt (e) Variable Capitalized interest ) ) Totals 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2019 Effective Interest Rate Cash Interest Amort. Debt Discount Amort. Deferred Cost Other Fees Total Interest Expense Senior notes due 2022 (a) Revolver due 2025 (b) Variable Finance lease - real estate (c) Non U.S. lines of credit (d) Variable Non U.S. term loans (d) Variable Other long term debt (e) Variable ESOP Loans (f) Capitalized interest ) ) Totals 
 85 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

in 2022, in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026 and thereafter. 
 
 (a) On June 22, 2020, in an unregistered offering through a private placement, Griffon completed the add-on offering of principal amount of its senior notes due 2028, at of par, to Griffon's previously issued principal amount of its senior notes due 2028, at of par, completed on February 19, 2020 (collectively, the "Senior Notes"). Proceeds from the Senior Notes were used to redeem the of senior notes due 2022 (the "2022 Senior Notes"). As of September 30, 2021, outstanding Senior Notes due totaled ; interest is payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1. 
 
 The Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations of Griffon guaranteed by certain domestic subsidiaries, and subject to certain covenants, limitations and restrictions. On April 22, 2020 and August 3, 2020, Griffon exchanged substantially all of the Senior Notes for substantially identical Senior Notes registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), via an exchange offer. The fair value of the 2028 Senior Notes approximated on September 30, 2021 based upon quoted market prices (level 1 inputs). 
 
 In connection with these transactions, Griffon capitalized of underwriting fees and other expenses incurred related to the issuance and exchange of the Senior Notes, which will amortize over the term of such notes, and, at September 30, 2021, remained to be amortized. Furthermore, all of the obligations associated with the 2022 Senior Notes were discharged. Additionally, Griffon recognized a loss on the early extinguishment of debt of the 2022 Senior Notes, comprised primarily of the write-off of of remaining deferred financing fees, of tender offer net premium expense and of redemption interest expense. 
 
 (b) On January 30, 2020, Griffon amended its Credit Agreement to increase the maximum borrowing availability from to , extend its maturity from March 22, 2021 to March 22, 2025 and modify certain other provisions of the facility. The facility includes a letter of credit sub-facility with a limit of ; and a multi-currency sub-facility of ; and contains a customary accordion feature that permits the Company to request, subject to each lender's consent, an increase in the maximum aggregate amount that can be borrowed up to an additional . 
 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be repaid and re-borrowed at any time. Interest is payable on borrowings at either a LIBOR or base rate benchmark rate, plus an applicable margin, which adjusts based on financial performance. Current margins are for base rate loans and for LIBOR loans. The Credit Agreement has certain financial maintenance tests including a maximum total leverage ratio, a maximum senior secured leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio, as well as customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. The negative covenants place limits on Griffon's ability to, among other things, incur indebtedness, incur liens, and make restricted payments and investments. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by Griffon s material domestic subsidiaries and are secured, on a first priority basis, by substantially all domestic assets of the Company and the guarantors, and a pledge of not greater than of the equity interest in Griffon s material, first-tier foreign subsidiaries. At September 30, 2021, under the Credit Agreement, there were in outstanding borrowings; outstanding standby letters of credit were ; and was available, subject to certain loan covenants, for borrowing at that date. 
 
 (c) Two Griffon subsidiaries have finance leases outstanding for real estate located in Troy, Ohio and Ocala, Florida. The leases mature in November 2021 and 2025, respectively, and bear interest at fixed rates of approximately and , respectively. The Troy, Ohio lease is secured by a mortgage on the real estate, which is guaranteed by Griffon, and has a dollar buyout at the end of the lease in the first fiscal quarter of 2022. The Ocala, Florida lease contains five -year renewal options. As of September 30, 2021, was outstanding, net of issuance costs. Refer to Note 21 - Leases for further details. 
 
 (d) In November 2012, Garant G.P. Garant ), a Griffon subsidiary, entered into a CAD as of September 30, 2021) revolving credit facility. The facility accrues interest at LIBOR (USD) or the Bankers Acceptance Rate (CDN) plus per annum LIBOR USD and Bankers Acceptance Rate CDN as of September 30, 2021 and September 29, 2021, respectively). The revolving facility matures in October 2022. Garant is required to maintain a certain minimum equity. As of September 30, 2021, there were borrowings under the revolving credit facility with CAD as of September 30, 2021) available for borrowing. 
 
 86 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

term loan, AUD revolver and AUD receivable purchase facility agreement. The term loan requires quarterly principal payments of AUD plus interest with a balloon payment of AUD due upon maturity in March 2022, and accrues interest at Bank Bill Swap Bid Rate BBSY plus per annum at September 30, 2021). During fiscal 2020, the term loan balance was reduced by AUD from AUD to AUD with proceeds from an AUD increase in the commitment of the receivables purchase line from AUD to AUD . As of September 30, 2021, the term loan had an outstanding balance of AUD as of September 30, 2021). The revolving facility and receivable purchase facility mature in March 2022, but are renewable upon mutual agreement with the lender. The revolving facility and receivable purchase facility accrue interest at BBSY plus and , respectively, per annum and , respectively, at September 30, 2021). At September 30, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding under the revolver and the receivable purchase facility. The revolver, receivable purchase facility and term loan are all secured by substantially all of the assets of Griffon Australia and its subsidiaries. Griffon Australia is required to maintain a certain minimum equity level and is subject to a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charges cover ratio. 
 In July 2018, the AMES Companies UK Ltd and its subsidiaries (collectively, "Ames UK") entered into a GBP term loan, GBP mortgage loan and GBP revolver. The term loan and mortgage loan require quarterly principal payments of GBP and GBP plus interest, respectively, and have balloon payments due upon maturity, July 2023, of GBP and GBP , respectively. The term loan and mortgage loan accrue interest at the GBP LIBOR Rate plus at September 30, 2021, respectively). The revolving facility matures in June 2022, but is renewable upon mutual agreement with the lender, and accrues interest at the Bank of England Base Rate plus as of September 30, 2021). As of September 30, 2021, the revolver had an outstanding balance of GBP as of September 30, 2021), while the term and mortgage loan balances amounted to GBP as of September 30, 2021). The revolver and the term loan are both secured by substantially all of the assets of AMES UK and its subsidiaries. AMES UK is subject to a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charges cover ratio. An invoice discounting arrangement was canceled and replaced by the above loan facilities. 
 
 (g) Other long-term debt primarily consists of a loan with the Pennsylvania Industrial Development Authority, with the balance consisting of financing leases. 
 (f) In August 2016 and as amended on June 30, 2017, Griffon s ESOP entered into a Term Loan with a bank (the "ESOP Agreement"). The Term Loan interest rate was LIBOR plus . The Term Loan required quarterly principal payments of with a balloon payment due at maturity. The Term Loan was secured by shares purchased with the proceeds of the loan and with a lien on a specific amount of Griffon assets (which ranked pari passu with the lien granted on such assets under the Credit Agreement) and was guaranteed by Griffon. On March 13, 2019, the ESOP Term Loan was refinanced with an internal loan from Griffon which was funded with cash and a draw under its Credit Agreement. The internal loan interest rate is fixed at , matures in June 2033 and requires quarterly payments of principal, currently , and interest. The internal loan is secured by shares purchased with the proceeds of the loan. The amount outstanding on the internal loan at September 30, 2021 was . 
 At September 30, 2021, Griffon and its subsidiaries were in compliance with the terms and covenants of its credit and loan agreements. 
 
 87 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 13 
 in 2021, in 2020 and in 2019. 
 
 The Company also provides healthcare and life insurance benefits for certain groups of retirees through several plans. For certain employees, the benefits are at fixed amounts per retiree and are partially contributory by the retiree. The post-retirement benefit obligation was and as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. The accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for these plans was ) and as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and the 2021 and 2020 benefit expense was and , respectively. It is the Company s practice to fund these benefits as incurred. 
 
 Griffon also has qualified and non-qualified defined benefit plans covering certain employees with benefits based on years of service and employee compensation. Over time, these amounts will be recognized as part of net periodic pension costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 Griffon is responsible for overseeing the management of the investments of the qualified defined benefit plan and uses the services of an investment manager to manage these assets based on agreed upon risk profiles. The primary objective of the qualified defined benefit plan is to secure participant retirement benefits. As such, the key objective in this plan s financial management is to promote stability and, to the extent appropriate, growth in the funded status. Financial objectives are established in conjunction with a review of current and projected plan financial requirements. The fair values of a majority of the plan assets were determined by the plans trustee using quoted market prices for identical instruments (level 1 inputs) as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. The fair value of various other investments was determined by the plan s trustee using direct observable market corroborated inputs, including quoted market prices for similar assets (level 2 inputs). A small amount of plan assets are invested in private equity which consist primarily of investments in private companies which are valued using the net asset values provided by the underlying private investment companies as a practical expedient (level 3 inputs). 
 
 The Clopay AMES Pension Plan and the AMES supplemental executive retirement plan are frozen to new entrants and participants in the plans no longer accrue benefits. 
 
 The Company s non-service cost components of net periodic benefit plan cost was a benefit of , and during 2021, 2020, and 2019 respectively. 
 
 Griffon uses judgment to establish the assumptions used in determining the future liability of the plan, as well as the investment returns on the plan assets. The expected return on assets assumption used for pension expense was developed through analysis of historical market returns, current market conditions and past experience of plan investments. The long-term rate of return assumption represents the expected average rate of earnings on the funds invested, or to be invested, to provide for the benefits included in the benefit obligations. The assumption is based on several factors including historical market index returns, the anticipated long-term asset allocation of plan assets and the historical return. The discount rate assumption is determined by developing a yield curve based on high quality bonds with maturities matching the plans expected benefit payment stream. The plans expected cash flows are then discounted by the resulting year-by-year spot rates. A change in the discount rate or return on assets would not have a material effect on the financial statements of Griffon. 
 
 88 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of: Prior service costs Actuarial loss Total net periodic (benefits) costs ) ) ) 
 
 The tax benefits in 2021, 2020 and 2019 for the amortization of pension costs in Other comprehensive income (loss) were , and , respectively. 

Expected return on assets 
 
 89 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

Interest cost Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Actuarial (gain) loss ) Benefit obligation at end of fiscal year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of fiscal year Actual return on plan assets Company contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of fiscal year Projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in the statement of financial position consist of: Accrued liabilities ) ) Other liabilities (long-term) ) ) ) ) Total Liabilities ) ) ) ) Net actuarial losses Prior service cost Deferred taxes ) ) ) ) Total Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax Net amount recognized at September 30, ) ) Accumulated benefit obligations Information for plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets: ABO PBO Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Actuarial gains as of September 30, 2021 were primarily the result of the actual return on assets versus the expected return on assets. Actuarial gains also resulted from the increase in the discount rate and the change in the mortality assumption for valuing the Projected Benefit Obligation. Actuarial losses as of September 30, 2020 were primarily the result of the decrease in the discount rate. 

90 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 through 2031 
 
 During 2022, Griffon expects to contribute in payments related to Supplemental Benefits that will be funded from the general assets of Griffon. Griffon expects to contribute to the Defined Benefit plan in 2022. 
 
 The Clopay AMES Plan is covered by the Pension Protection Act of 2006. The Adjusted Funding Target Attainment Percent for the plan as of January 1, 2021 was . Since the plan was in excess of the funding threshold there were no plan restrictions. The expected level of 2022 catch up contributions is . 
 
 Equity securities Fixed income Other Total 
 
 The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for plan assets measured at fair value: 
 
 Government and agency securities When quoted market prices are available in an active market, the investments are classified as Level 1. When quoted market prices are not available in an active market, the investments are classified as Level 2. 
 
 Equity securities The fair values reflect the closing price reported on a major market where the individual mutual fund securities are traded in equity securities. These investments are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. 
 
 Debt securities The fair values are based on a compilation of primarily observable market information or a broker quote in a non-active market where the individual mutual fund securities are invested in debt securities. These investments are classified within Level 1 and Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. 
 
 Commingled funds The fair values are determined using NAV provided by the administrator of the fund. The NAV is based on the value of the underlying assets owned by the trust/entity, minus its liabilities, and then divided by the number of shares outstanding. These investments are generally classified within Level 2 or 3, as appropriate, of the valuation hierarchy and can be liquidated on demand. 
 
 Interest in limited partnerships and hedge funds - One limited partnership investment is a private equity fund and the fair value is determined by the fund managers based on the net asset values provided by the underlying private investment companies as a practical expedient. These investments are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. 
 
 91 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

Government agency securities Debt instruments Equity securities Commingled funds Limited partnerships and hedge fund investments Other Securities Subtotal Accrued income and plan receivables Total 
 
 At September 30, 2020 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Total Cash and equivalents Government and agency securities Debt instruments Equity securities Commingled funds Limited partnerships and hedge fund investments Other Securities Subtotal Accrued income and plan receivables Total 
 
 92 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

Purchases, issuances and settlements Gains and losses As of September 30, 2020 Purchases, issuances and settlements Gains and losses As of September 30, 2021 
 
 Griffon has an ESOP that covers substantially all domestic employees. All U.S. employees of Griffon, who are not members of a collective bargaining unit, automatically become eligible to participate in the plan on the October 1 st following completion of one qualifying year of service (as defined in the plan). Securities are allocated to participants individual accounts based on the proportion of each participant s aggregate compensation (not to exceed for the plan year ended September 30, 2021), to the total of all participants compensation. Shares of the ESOP which have been allocated to employee accounts are charged to expense based on the fair value of the shares transferred and are treated as outstanding in determining earnings per share. Dividends paid on shares held by the ESOP are used to offset debt service on ESOP Loans. Dividends paid on shares held in participant accounts are utilized to allocate shares from the aggregate number of shares to be released, equal in value to those dividends, based on the closing price of Griffon common stock on the dividend payment date. Compensation expense under the ESOP was in 2021, in 2020 and in 2019. The cost of the shares held by the ESOP and not yet allocated to employees is reported as a reduction of Shareholders Equity. The fair value of the unallocated ESOP shares as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 based on the closing stock price of Griffon s stock was and , respectively. 
 Unallocated shares Total 

NOTE 14 
 
 Non-U.S. 
 
 93 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

Deferred ) Total U.S. Federal State and local Non-U.S. Total provision 
 
 State and local taxes, net of Federal benefit Non-U.S. taxes - foreign permanent items and taxes Change in tax contingency reserves ) Impact of foreign rate change on deferred tax balances Tax Reform-Repatriation of Foreign Earnings and GILTI Change in valuation allowance ) Other non-deductible/non-taxable items, net Non-deductible officer's compensation Research and U.S. foreign tax credits ) ) Share based compensation ) Other ) ) Effective tax provision (benefit) rate 
 
 94 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

Inventory reserves Deferred compensation (equity compensation and defined benefit plans) Compensation benefits Insurance reserve Warranty reserve Lease liabilities Net operating loss Tax credits Capital loss carryback Other reserves and accruals Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Goodwill and intangibles ) ) Property, plant and equipment ) ) Right-of-use assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 Other liabilities ) ) Liabilities of discontinued operations Net deferred liability ) ) 
 
 In 2021, the increase in the valuation allowance of is primarily the result of foreign net operating losses and generation of state tax credits which will not be recognized, partially offset by the expiration of foreign tax credits during the year. In 2020, the decrease in valuation allowance of is primarily due to the expiration of foreign tax credits during the year. 
 
 At both September 30, 2021 and 2020, Griffon has a policy election to indefinitely reinvest the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries with operations outside the U.S. As of September 30, 2021, we have approximately of unremitted earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries. The Company generates substantial cash flow in the U.S. and does not have a current need for the cash to be returned to the U.S. from the foreign entities. The Company continues to reinvest the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries and may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and U.S. state income taxes if it reverses its indefinite reinvestment assertion in the future. Outside basis differences were impractical to account for at this time and are currently considered as being permanent in duration. 
 
 95 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

loss carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes and for non-U.S. tax purposes. At September 30, 2020, Griffon had loss carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes and for non-U.S. tax purposes. The non-U.S. loss carryforwards expire in varying amounts beginning in 2027 to indefinite carryfoward. 
 
 At September 30, 2021 and 2020, Griffon had state and local loss carryforwards of and , respectively, which expire in varying amounts through 2040. 
 
 At September 30, 2021 and 2020, Griffon had federal tax credit carryforwards of and , respectively, which expire in varying amounts through 2035. 
 
 At September 30, 2021 and 2020, Griffon had capital loss carryovers for U.S. tax purposes of and , respectively, which expire in varying amounts through 2026. The losses were generated in September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2019 tax years. The carryovers are available for three-year carryback or five-year carryforward periods. 
 
 We believe it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain federal and state tax attributes will not be realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided a valuation allowance as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 of and , respectively, on the deferred tax assets. As it becomes probable that the benefits of these attributes will be realized, the reversal of valuation allowance will be recognized as a reduction of income tax expense. 
 If certain substantial changes in Griffon's ownership occur, there would be an annual limitation on the amount of carryforward(s) that can be utilized. 
 
 Griffon files U.S. Federal, state and local tax returns, as well as applicable returns in Canada, Australia, U.K. and other non-U.S. jurisdictions. Griffon s U.S. Federal income tax returns are no longer subject to income tax examination for years before 2015. Griffon's major U.S. state and other non-U.S. jurisdictions are no longer subject to income tax examinations for years before 2013. Various U.S. state and statutory tax audits are currently underway. 
 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions based on tax positions related to prior years Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years ) Lapse of Statutes ) Balance at September 30, 2020 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions based on tax positions related to prior years Lapse of Statutes ) Settlements Balance at September 30, 2021 
 
 If recognized, the amount of potential tax benefits that would impact Griffon s effective tax rate is . Griffon recognizes potential accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, the combined amount of accrued interest and penalties related to tax positions taken or to be taken on Griffon s tax returns and recorded as part of the reserves for uncertain tax positions was and , respectively. Griffon cannot reasonably estimate the extent to which existing liabilities for uncertain tax positions may increase or decrease within the next twelve months as a result of the progression of ongoing tax audits or other events. Griffon believes that it has adequately provided for all open tax years by tax jurisdiction. 
 
 96 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 15 
 
 per share, per share and per share, respectively. The Company currently intends to pay dividends each quarter; however, payment of dividends is determined by the Board of Directors at its discretion based on various factors, and no assurance can be provided as to the payment of future dividends. Dividends paid on shares in the ESOP were used to offset ESOP loan payments and recorded as a reduction of debt service payments and compensation expense. A dividend payable was established for the holders of restricted shares; such dividends will be released upon vesting of the underlying restricted shares. At September, 30, 2021, accrued dividends were . 
 
 On November 15, 2021, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of per share, payable on December 16, 2021 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 29, 2021. 
 
 On August 18, 2020, the Company sold shares of our common stock at a price of per share through a public equity offering, for a total net proceeds of , net of underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. In addition, on August 21, 2020, pursuant to the exercise by the underwriters of their overallotment option, the underwriters purchased an additional shares of common stock from the Company at a price of , resulting in additional net proceeds to the Company of . In total, the Company sold shares of common stock at a price of for a total net proceeds of . The Company used a portion of the net proceeds to temporarily repay outstanding borrowings under its Credit Agreement. The Company intends to use the remainder of the proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes, including to expand its current business through acquisitions of, or investments in, other businesses or products. 
 
 On January 29, 2016, shareholders approved the Griffon Corporation 2016 Equity Incentive Plan ("Incentive Plan") under which awards of performance shares, performance units, stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted stock units, deferred shares and other stock-based awards may be granted. On January 31, 2018, shareholders approved Amendment No. 1 to the Incentive Plan pursuant to which, among other things, shares were added to the Incentive Plan; and on January 30, 2020, shareholders approved Amendment No. 2 to the Incentive Plan, pursuant to which shares were added to the Incentive Plan. Options granted under the Incentive Plan may be either incentive stock options or nonqualified stock options, which generally expire after the date of grant and are granted at an exercise price of not less than of the fair market value at the date of grant. As of September 30, 2021, there are no stock options outstanding. The maximum number of shares of common stock available for award under the Incentive Plan is of which may be issued as incentive stock options), plus (i) any shares reserved for issuance under the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan as of the effective date of the Incentive Plan, and (ii) any shares of underlying awards outstanding on such effective date under the 2011 Incentive Plan that are canceled or forfeited. As of September 30, 2021, shares were available for grant. 
 
 Compensation expense for restricted stock, including restricted stock units, is recognized ratably over the required service period based on the fair value of the grant, calculated as the number of shares or units granted multiplied by the stock price on date of grant, and for performance shares, including performance units, the likelihood of achieving the performance criteria. The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. Compensation expense for restricted stock granted to two senior executives is calculated as the maximum number of shares granted, upon achieving certain performance criteria, multiplied by the stock price as valued by a Monte Carlo Simulation Model. Compensation cost related to stock-based awards with graded vesting, generally over a period of three to , is recognized using the straight-line attribution method and recorded within Selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 ESOP Total stock based compensation 
 
 97 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at September 30, 2021 
 
 The fair value of restricted stock which vested during 2021, 2020, and 2019 was , and , respectively. 
 
 Unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested shares of restricted stock was at September 30, 2021 and will be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of years. 
 
 At September 30, 2021, a total of approximately shares of Griffon s authorized Common Stock were reserved for issuance in connection with stock compensation plans. 
 
 During 2021, Griffon granted shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units to its employees. This included restricted stock and restricted stock units, subject to certain performance conditions, with vesting periods of , with a total fair value of , or a weighted average fair value of per share. Furthermore, this included restricted stock awards granted to executives, with vesting periods ranging from months to months, with a total fair value of , or a weighted average fair value of per share. This also included shares of restricted stock granted to senior executives with a vesting period of and a two year post-vesting holding period, subject to the achievement of certain absolute and relative performance conditions relating to the price of Griffon's common stock. So long as the minimum performance condition is attained, the amount of shares that can vest will range from to . The total fair value of these restricted shares using the Monte Carlo Simulation model is approximately , or a weighted average fair value of per share. Additionally, Griffon granted restricted shares to the non-employee directors of Griffon with a vesting period of and a fair value of , or a weighted average fair value of per share. 
 
 On each of August 3, 2016 and August 1, 2018, Griffon s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to of Griffon s outstanding common stock. Under these share repurchase programs, the Company may purchase shares of its common stock, depending upon market conditions, in open market or privately negotiated transactions, including pursuant to a 10b5-1 plan. Shares repurchased are recorded at cost. During 2020, Griffon did t purchase shares of common stock under these repurchase programs. At September 30, 2021 an aggregate of remains under Griffon's Board authorized repurchase authorizations. 
 
 During the year ended September 30, 2021, shares, with a market value of , or per share, were withheld to settle employee taxes due upon the vesting of restricted stock, and were added to treasury stock. Furthermore, during 2021, an additional shares, with a market value of , or per share, were withheld from common stock issued upon the vesting of restricted stock units to settle employee taxes due upon vesting. 
 
 98 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 16 

, and for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Aggregate future minimum purchase obligations at September 30, 2021 are in 2021, in 2022, in 2023, in 2024 and in 2025. 
 
 Legal and environmental 
 
 Peekskill Site. Lightron Corporation Lightron ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Griffon, once conducted operations at a location in the Town of Cortlandt, New York, just outside the city of Peekskill, New York (the Peekskill Site which was owned by ISC Properties, Inc. ISCP ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Griffon, for approximately three years. ISCP sold the Peekskill Site in November 1982. 
 
 On May 15, 2019 the United States Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") added the Peekskill Site to the National Priorities List under CERCLA and has since announced that it is performing a Remedial Investigation/Feasibility Study ("RI/FS"). On August 25, 2020, the EPA sent a letter to several parties, including Lightron and ISCP, requesting that each such party inform the EPA as to whether it would be willing to enter into discussions regarding implementation of the RI/FS. The EPA also sent a request for information under Section 104(e) of CERCLA to each party. Lightron and ISCP have informed the EPA that they are willing to participate in discussions regarding implementation of the RI/FS. Lightron and ISCP have also submitted responses to certain items contained in the Section 104(e) information request, with additional responses to follow. The current owner of the property, which acquired the Peekskill Site from ISCP in 1982 and has no relationship with Lightron or ISCP, has also informed the EPA that it is willing to discuss implementation of the RI/FS, and has also received, and submitted certain information in response to, a Section 104(e) information request. The EPA may decide to implement the RI/FS, on its own or through the use of consultants, may reach agreement with one or more parties to perform the RI/FS, or may offer to negotiate with one or more parties to accept a settlement addressing the potential liability of such parties for investigation and/or remediation at the Peekskill Site. Should the EPA implement the RI/FS, or perform further studies and/or subsequently remediate the site, without first reaching agreement with one or more relevant parties, the EPA would likely seek reimbursement for the costs incurred from such parties. 
 
 Lightron has not engaged in any operations in over three decades. ISCP functioned solely as a real estate holding company, and has not held any real property in over three decades. Griffon does not acknowledge any responsibility to perform any investigation or remediation at the Peekskill Site. One of Griffon s insurers is defending Lightron, ISCP and Griffon subject to a reservation of rights. 
 
 Union Fork and Hoe, Frankfort, NY site. The former Union Fork and Hoe property in Frankfort, New York was acquired by AMES in 2006 as part of a larger acquisition, and has historic site contamination involving chlorinated solvents, petroleum hydrocarbons and metals. AMES entered into an Order on Consent with the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation DEC ). While the Order is without admission or finding of liability or acknowledgment that there has been a release of hazardous substances at the site, the Order required AMES to perform a remedial investigation of certain portions of the property and to recommend a remediation option. In 2011, remediation of chlorinated solvents in the groundwater was completed to the satisfaction of DEC. In June 2020, AMES completed the remediation required by the Record of Decision issued by DEC in 2019 ("ROD") and filed a Construction Completion Report, a Site Management Plan and an environmental easement with DEC. While AMES was implementing the remediation required by the ROD, DEC requested additional investigation of a small area on the site and of an area adjacent to the site perimeter. AMES investigated the on-site area and has completed remediation of that small area under a workplan approved by DEC. AMES also completed a workplan approved by DEC to investigate the areas adjacent to the site perimeter. AMES has a number of defenses to liability in this matter, including its rights under a previous Consent Judgment entered into between DEC and a predecessor of AMES relating to the site. AMES insurer has accepted AMES claim for a substantial portion of the costs incurred and to be incurred for both the on-site and off-site activities. 
 99 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 17 
 
 shares of our common stock at a price of per share. Total proceeds, net of fees, were . 
 
 Unallocated ESOP shares ) ) ) Non-vested restricted stock ) ) ) Impact of weighted average shares ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding - basic Incremental shares from stock based compensation Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 
 
 Anti-dilutive shares were not material. Shares of the ESOP that have been allocated to employee accounts are treated as outstanding in determining earnings per share. 
 
 100 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 18 
 
 reportable segments, as follows: 
 
 Consumer and Professional Products ("CPP") conducts its operations through AMES. Founded in 1774, AMES is the leading North American manufacturer and a global provider of branded consumer and professional tools and products for home storage and organization, landscaping, and enhancing outdoor lifestyles. CPP sells products globally through a portfolio of leading brands including True Temper, AMES, and ClosetMaid. 
 
 Home and Building Products ("HBP") conducts its operations through Clopay. Founded in 1964, Clopay is the largest manufacturer and marketer of garage doors and rolling steel doors in North America. Residential and commercial sectional garage doors are sold through professional dealers and leading home center retail chains throughout North America under the brands Clopay, Ideal, and Holmes. Rolling steel door and grille products designed for commercial, industrial, institutional, and retail use are sold under the CornellCookson brand. 
 
 On September 27, 2021, Griffon announced it is exploring strategic alternatives, including a sale, for its Defense Electronics segment, which conducts its operations through Telephonics Corporation ("Telephonics"). As a result, Griffon classified the results of operations of the Telephonics business as a discontinued operation in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for all periods presented and classified the related assets and liabilities associated with the discontinued operation as held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Accordingly, all references made to results and information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are to Griffon's continuing operations, unless specifically noted. Telephonics, founded in 1933, is a globally recognized leading provider of highly sophisticated intelligence, surveillance and communications solutions that are deployed across a wide range of land, sea and air applications. Telephonics designs, develops, manufactures and provides logistical support and lifecycle sustainment services to defense, aerospace and commercial customers worldwide. 
 
 Home and Building Products Defense Electronics Subtotal Less: Defense Electronics ) ) ) Total revenue 
 
 Griffon evaluates performance and allocates resources based on each segment's operating results from continuing operations before interest income and expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, unallocated amounts (primarily corporate overhead), restructuring charges, loss on debt extinguishment and acquisition related expenses, as well as other items that may affect comparability, as applicable Segment Adjusted EBITDA ). 
 
 101 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

Home and Building Products Defense Electronics Subtotal Less: Defense Electronics ) ) ) Segment Adjusted EBITDA Unallocated amounts, excluding depreciation ) ) ) Adjusted EBITDA Net interest expense ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Restructuring charges ) ) Loss from debt extinguishment ) Acquisition contingent consideration Acquisition costs ) Income before taxes from continuing operations 
 
 Home and Building Products Defense Electronics Subtotal Less: Defense Electronics ) ) ) Total segment depreciation and amortization Corporate Total consolidated depreciation and amortization CAPITAL EXPENDITURES Segment: Consumer and Professional Products Home and Building Products Defense Electronics Subtotal Less: Defense Electronics ) ) ) Total segment Corporate Total consolidated capital expenditures 
 102 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

Home and Building Products Total segment assets Corporate Total continuing assets Discontinued operations - held for sale Other discontinued operations Consolidated total 

103 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

Retail Residential new construction Industrial International excluding North America Total Consumer and Professional Products Residential repair and remodel Commercial construction Residential new construction Total Home and Building Products Total Revenue 
 
 The following table presents revenue disaggregated by geography based on the location of the Company's customer: 
 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2021 Revenue by Geographic Area - Destination Consumer and Professional Products Home and Building Products Total United States Europe Canada Australia All other countries Total Revenue 
 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2020 Revenue by Geographic Area - Destination Consumer and Professional Products Home and Building Products Total United States Europe Canada Australia All other countries Total Revenue 
 104 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

Europe Canada Australia All other countries Total Revenue 
 
 As a percentage of segment revenue, CPP sales to The Home Depot approximated , and in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively; HBP sales to The Home Depot approximated , and in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 As a percentage of Griffon's consolidated revenue, CPP sales to The Home Depot approximated in 2021, and approximated in both 2020 and 2019; HBP sales to The Home Depot approximated in 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

NOTE 19 
 
 , and , respectively, includes , and , respectively, of net currency exchange transaction losses from receivables and payables held in non-functional currencies, , and ), respectively, of net gains or (losses) on investments, and and and , respectively, of net periodic benefit plan income. Other income (expense) also includes rental income of in 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

NOTE 20 - 
 ) ) Pension and other defined benefit plans ) ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedge ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) ) Pension and other defined benefit plans ) ) Cash flow hedge Total ) ) 
 
 105 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Cash flow hedges ) ) Total before tax ) ) Tax ) Net of tax ) ) 

NOTE 21 
 
 and lease liabilities of associated with our operating leases. The standard had no material impact to retained earnings or on our Consolidated Statements of Income or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The Company has elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the new standard, which among other things, allows us to carry forward the historical lease classification. We also elected a practical expedient to determine the reasonably certain lease term. 
 
 The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. The ROU assets and short and long-term liabilities associated with our operating leases are shown as separate line items on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Finance leases are included in property, plant, and equipment, net, other accrued liabilities, and other non-current liabilities. ROU assets, along with any other related long-lived assets, are periodically evaluated for impairment. In connection with the Company's restructuring activities, during the year ended September 30, 2020, a impairment charge was recorded related to a facility s operating lease as well as and of leasehold improvements made to the leased facility that have no recoverable value. See Note 10, Restructuring Charges. 
 
 ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. We use the implicit rate when readily determinable. For leases existing as of October 1, 2019, we have elected to use the remaining lease term as of the adoption date in determining the incremental borrowing rate. Our determination of the lease term may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. 
 106 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

Variable (a), (b) 
 Short-term (b) 
 Total 
 (a) Primarily related to common-area maintenance and property taxes. 
 (b) Not recorded on the balance sheet. 
 
 Fixed rent expense for all operating leases totaled approximately in 2019. 
 
 Supplemental cash flow information were as follows: 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Total 
 
 Lease Liabilities: Current portion of operating lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance Leases: Right of use assets: Property, plant and equipment, net (1) 
 Lease Liabilities: Notes payable and current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt, net Total financing lease liabilities 
 107 

GRIFFON CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (US dollars and non-US currencies in thousands, except per share data) 

and , respectively. 
 
 Two Griffon subsidiaries have finance leases outstanding for real estate located in Troy, Ohio and Ocala, Florida. The leases mature in November 2021 and 2025, respectively, and bear interest at fixed rates of approximately and , respectively. The Troy, Ohio lease is secured by a mortgage on the real estate, which is guaranteed by Griffon, and has a dollar buyout at the end of the lease. The Ocala, Florida lease contains five -year renewal options. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and , respectively, was outstanding, net of issuance costs. The remaining lease liability balance relates to finance equipment leases. 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total lease payments Less: Imputed Interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Finance Leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating Leases Finance Leases 

NOTE 22 
 
 per share, payable on December 16, 2021 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 29, 2021. Griffon currently intends to pay dividends each quarter; however, payment of dividends is determined by the Board of Directors, at its discretion, based on various factors, and no assurance can be provided as to the payment of future dividends. 

108 

) Inventory valuation ) Deferred tax valuation allowance FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts ) ) Inventory valuation ) Deferred tax valuation allowance ) FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2019 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Allowance for Doubtful Accounts ) Inventory valuation ) ) Deferred tax valuation allowance 

109 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation and Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Griffon s management, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of Griffon s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, Griffon s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by Griffon in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms and such information is accumulated and communicated to management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 SEC guidance permits the exclusion of an evaluation of the effectiveness of a registrant's disclosure controls and procedures as they relate to the internal control over financial reporting for an acquired business during the first year following such acquisition. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Griffon s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Griffon s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Griffon s financial statements for external reporting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Management evaluates the effectiveness of Griffon s internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the 2013 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Management, under the supervision and with the participation of Griffon s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of Griffon s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 and concluded that it is effective. 
 
 Griffon s independent registered public accounting firm, Grant Thornton LLP, has audited the effectiveness of Griffon s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, and has expressed an unqualified opinion in their report which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 
 There were no changes in Griffon s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation referred to above that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended September 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Griffon s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Griffon s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of Griffon s assets; 
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that Griffon s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of Griffon s management and directors; and 
 (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Griffon s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 110 

Management, including Griffon s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that Griffon s internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods is subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

111 

PART III 
 
 The information required by Part III: Item 10, Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance (with respect to directors and corporate governance) ; Item 11, Executive Compensation ; Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters; Item 13, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence ; and Item 14, Principal Accountant Fees and Services , is included in and incorporated by reference to Griffon s definitive proxy statement in connection with its Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held in January, 2022, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of Griffon s fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. Information required by Part III, Item 10, relating to the executive officers of the Registrant, appears under Item 1 of this report. 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements Covered by Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 (A) Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2021 and 2020 (B) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (C) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (D) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (E) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (2) Financial Statement Schedule Covered by Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts All other schedules are not required and have been omitted. (3) The information required by this Section (a)(3) of Item 15 is set forth on the exhibit index that follows the signatures page of this Form 10-K. (b) Reference is made to the exhibit index that follows the signatures page of this Form 10-K. 
 
 112 

Exhibit Index 
 Exhibit No. 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Exhibit 3.1 of Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 1995 (Commission File No. 1-06620) and Exhibit 3.1 of Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 3.2 Amended and Restated By-laws (Exhibit 3.1 of Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 4.1 Specimen Certificate for Shares of Common Stock of Registrant (Exhibit 4.3 of Registration Statement on Form S-3 Registration Statement No. 333-109171 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 4.2 Indenture, dated as of February 19, 2020, among Griffon Corporation, the Guarantors named on the signature pages thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 20, 2020 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 4.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2020, by and among Griffon Corporation, the Guarantors party thereto and BofA Securities, Inc., as the Representative of the several Initial Purchasers (Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 19, 2020 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 4.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2020, by and among Griffon Corporation, the Guarantors party thereto and BofA Securities, Inc., as the Representative of the several Initial Purchasers (Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 22, 2020 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 4.5 Underwriting Agreement, dated August 13, 2020, by and among Griffon Corporation, Robert W. Baird Co. Incorporated and Ronald J. Kramer (Exhibit 1.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 1, 2020 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 4.6 Description of Registrant s Securities. (Exhibit 4.6 of Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2020 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 
 10.1 Employment Agreement dated as of July 1, 2001 between the Registrant and Robert Balemian (Exhibit 10.2 of Current Report on Form 8-K file May 18, 2001 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.2 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and directors (Exhibit 10.2 of Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.3 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as amended through July 18, 2006 (Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 21, 2006 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.4 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan dated August 3, 2007 (Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 6, 2007 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.5 Employment Agreement, dated March 16, 2008, between the Registrant and Ronald J. Kramer. (Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 20, 2008 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.6 Amendment No.1 to Employment Agreement made as of February 3, 2011 by and between Griffon Corporation and Ronald J. Kramer (Exhibit 99.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 9, 2011 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.7 Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement made as of December 12, 2013 by and between Griffon Corporation and Ronald J. Kramer (Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2013. (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.8 Offer Letter, dated April 27, 2010 between the Company and Seth L. Kaplan (Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.9 Severance Agreement, dated April 27, 2010 between the Company and Seth L. Kaplan (Exhibit 10.2 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.10 Employment Agreement, dated December 7, 2012, by and between Griffon Corporation and Robert F. Mehmel (Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2012 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.11 Offer Letter, dated June 1, 2015 between the Company and Brian G. Harris (Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.12 Severance Agreement, dated July 30, 2015 between the Company and Brian G. Harris (Exhibit 10.2 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.13 Griffon Corporation 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (Exhibit A to the Registrant s Proxy Statement relating to the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 17, 2015 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.14 Amendment No. 1 to the Griffon Corporation 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (Annex B to Griffon's Proxy Statement relating to the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 18, 2017 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 
 113 

Exhibit No. 10.15 Amendment No. 2 to the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex B to Griffon s Proxy Statement relating to the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 17, 2019 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.16 Amended and Restated 2016 Performance Bonus Plan, dated as January 29, 2020 (Exhibit 10.2 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2019 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.17 Griffon Corporation Director Compensation Program, Amended and Restated as of January 30, 2020 (Exhibit 10.4 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2019 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.18 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2016, among Griffon Corporation, a Delaware corporation, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-syndication agents, Bank of America, N.A., Capital One, N.A. and Citizens Bank, National Association, as co-documentation agents and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (Exhibit 99.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 22, 2016 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.19 First Amendment, dated as of June 2, 2017, to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2016, among Griffon Corporation, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents party thereto (Exhibit 99.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.2 Second Amendment, dated as of October 2, 2017, to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2016, among Griffon Corporation, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents party thereto (Exhibit 99.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 2, 2017 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.21 Third Amendment, dated as of February 9, 2018, to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2016, among Griffon Corporation, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents party thereto (Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2019 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.22 Fourth Amendment, dated as of May 31, 2018, to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2016, among Griffon Corporation, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents party thereto (Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 1, 2018 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.23 Fifth Amendment, dated as of February 22, 2019, to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2016, among Griffon Corporation, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents party thereto (Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.24 Sixth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2020, to that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2016, among Griffon Corporation, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents party thereto (Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2019 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.25 Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2011, by Griffon Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 18, 2011 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.26 Amendment, dated as of March 28, 2013, to Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2011, by Griffon Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 1, 2013 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.27 Second Amendment, dated as of June 2, 2017, to Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2011 (as amended by the Amendment to Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2013), by Griffon Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. (Exhibit 99.2 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 10.28 Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2020, by and among Griffon Corporation, the Guarantors named therein and BofA Securities, Inc., as Representative of the several Initial Purchasers named therein (Exhibit 99.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 5, 2020 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 
 114 

Exhibit No. 10.29 Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2020, by and among Griffon Corporation, the Guarantors named therein and BofA Securities, Inc., as Representative of the several Initial Purchasers named therein (Exhibit 99.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 9, 2020 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 14.1 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Exhibit 14.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 (Commission File No. 1-06620)). 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 18 USC Section 1350. 
 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Document 
 _______________________ Filed herewith. All other exhibits are incorporated herein by reference to the exhibit indicated in the parenthetical references. Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. In accordance with Regulation S-T, the XBRL-related information in Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall be deemed to be furnished and not filed. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 
 
 115 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Griffon has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 16th day of November 2021. 
 Griffon Corporation By: /s/ Ronald J. Kramer Ronald J. Kramer, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on November 16, 2021 by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities indicated: 
 /s/ Ronald J. Kramer Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Ronald J. Kramer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Robert F. Mehmel President, Chief Operating Officer and Robert F. Mehmel Director /s/ Brian G. Harris Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Brian G. Harris (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ W. Christopher Durborow Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer W. Christopher Durborow (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Henry A. Alpert Director Henry A. Alpert /s/ Jerome L. Coben Director Jerome L. Coben /s/ Thomas J. Brosig Director Thomas J. Brosig /s/ Louis J. Grabowsky Director Louis J. Grabowsky /s/ Robert G. Harrison Director Robert G. Harrison /s/ Lacy M. Johnson Director Lacy M. Johnson /s/ Victor Eugene Renuart Director Victor Eugene Renuart /s/ James W. Sight Director James W. Sight /s/ Kevin F. Sullivan Director Kevin F. Sullivan /s/ Samanta Hegedus Stewart Director Samanta Hegedus Stewart /s/ Cheryl L. Turnbull Director Cheryl L. Turnbull /s/ William H. Waldorf Director William H. Waldorf 
 
 116 

<EX-21>
 2
 gff-2021x09x30xexhibit21.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21 

 Name of Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 Clopay Ames Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Clopay Ames LLC 
 Delaware 
 Clopay Ames Holding Corp. 
 Delaware 
 Clopay Corporation 
 Delaware 
 CornellCookson, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Cornell Real Estate Holdings, LLC 
 Arizona 
 Cornell Storefront Systems, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 CC Installation Company, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 The Ames Companies, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 ATT Southern LLC 
 Delaware 
 1346039 Alberta ULC 
 Canada 
 Garant GP 
 Canada 
 Griffon Australia Holdings PTY Ltd 
 Australia 
 AMES Australasia Pty Ltd. 
 Australia 
 Northcote Pots Australia Pty Ltd. 
 Australia 
 Northcote Imports Pty Ltd. 
 Australia 
 Ames New Zealand Ltd. 
 New Zealand 
 Ames True Temper Australia Pty Ltd. 
 Australia 
 Quatro Design Pty Ltd Australia 
 The Ames Companies UK Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 
 Altia Holdings Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Kelkay Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 La Hacienda Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Vatre Group Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Vatre Terracotta Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 ClosetMaid LLC 
 Delaware 
 Comercializadora ClosetMaid S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 ClosetMaid Reynosa S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 ClosetMaid (Jiangmen) Storage Limited 
 China 
 Gritel Holding Company, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Telephonics Corporation 
 Delaware 

The names of certain subsidiaries which do not, when considered in the aggregate, constitute a significant subsidiary, have been omitted. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 gff-2021x09x30xexhibitx23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our report dated November 16, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements, schedule and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Griffon Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of Griffon Corporation s Form S-3 (File No. 333-224727), Forms S-4 (File No. 333-239373 and File No. 333-237166) and Forms S-8 (File No. 333-236181 File No. 333-222844 File No. 333-209222 File No. 333-193691 and File No. 333-172162). 
 
 s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 New York, New York 
 November 16, 2021 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 gff-2021x09x30xexhibitx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification 
 I, Ronald J. Kramer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Griffon Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 16, 2021 
 s Ronald J. Kramer Ronald J. Kramer Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 gff-2021x09x30xexhibitx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification 
 I, Brian G. Harris, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Griffon Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 16, 2021 
 s Brian G. Harris Brian G. Harris Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 gff-2021x09x30xexhibitx32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Griffon Corporation (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Ronald J. Kramer, as Chief Executive Officer of Griffon, and Brian G. Harris, as Chief Financial Officer of Griffon, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of their knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Griffon. 
 
 s Ronald J. Kramer Name Ronald J. Kramer Title Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date November 16, 2021 
 
 s Brian G. Harris Name Brian G. Harris Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date November 16, 2021 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Griffon Corporation and will be retained by Griffon Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 gff-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 gff-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 gff-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 gff-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 gff-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

