<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211119_10-K_edgar_data_108312_0001564590-21-057773.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>38229207</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>392278</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2815962</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15339381</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4736614</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>14122710</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-21-057773.hdr.sgml : 20211119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211119163438
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-21-057773
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		171
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Woodward, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000108312
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRICAL INDUSTRIAL APPARATUS [3620]
		IRS NUMBER:				361984010
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39265
		FILM NUMBER:		211428808

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1081 WOODWARD WAY
		CITY:			FORT COLLINS
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80524
		BUSINESS PHONE:		970-482-5811

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1081 WOODWARD WAY
		CITY:			FORT COLLINS
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80524

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WOODWARD GOVERNOR CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-21-057773.txt : 20211119

10-K
 1
 wwd-10k_20210930.htm
 10-K

wwd-10k_20210930.htm

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Aggregate market value of registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price of a share of the registrant s common stock on March 31, 2021 as reported on The NASDAQ Global Select Market on that date: . For purposes of this calculation, shares of common stock held by (i) persons holding more than 5 of the outstanding shares of stock, (ii) officers and directors of the registrant, and (iii) the Woodward Governor Company Profit Sharing Trust, Woodward Governor Company Deferred Shares Trust, or the Woodward Charitable Trust, as of March 31, 2021, are excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination is not necessarily conclusive of affiliate status. 
 As of November 17, 2021, shares of the registrant s common stock with a par value of 0.001455 per share were outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Forward Looking Statements 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 9 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 20 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 20 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 20 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 20 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 21 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 22 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 23 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 40 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 41 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 
 94 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 94 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 95 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 95 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 96 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 96 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 
 96 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationship and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 96 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 96 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 97 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 99 

Signatures 
 
 100 

Forward Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are deemed forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of management. Words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, seek, goal, expect, forecast, intend, continue, outlook, plan, project, target, strive, can, could, may, should, will, would, variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses, and other characteristics of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may include, among others, statements relating to: 

the impacts on our business relating to the global COVID-19 pandemic, including the impacts thereof to supply and demand, and measures taken by governments and private industry in response 

future sales, earnings, cash flow, uses of cash, and other measures of financial performance 

trends in our business and the markets in which we operate, including expectations in those markets in future periods 

our expected expenses in future periods and trends in such expenses over time 

descriptions of our plans and expectations for future operations 

our expectations with regard to the return to service of the Boeing 737 MAX aircraft, the related impact on our original equipment manufacturer OEM and initial provisioning sales, and the aircraft s return to service 

plans and expectations relating to the performance of our joint venture with General Electric Company 

investments in new campuses, business sites and related business developments 

the effect of economic trends or growth 

the expected levels of activity in particular industries or markets and the effects of changes in those levels 

the scope, nature, or impact of acquisition activity and integration of such acquisition into our business 

the research, development, production, and support of new products and services 

new business opportunities 

restructuring and alignment costs and savings 

our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions with respect to business opportunities that may be available to us 

our liquidity, including our ability to meet capital spending requirements and operations 

future repurchases of common stock 

future levels of indebtedness and capital spending 

the stability of financial institutions, including those lending to us 

pension and other postretirement plan assumptions and future contributions and 

our tax rate and other effects of the changes in U.S. federal tax law. 

 All these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements include the factors described in Item 1A, Risk Factors. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by applicable law. 
 Unless we have indicated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references in this Form 10-K to Woodward, the Company, we, us, and our refer to Woodward, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Except where we have otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, amounts presented in this Form 10-K are in thousands, except per share amounts. 

1 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

 General 
 We are an independent designer, manufacturer, and service provider of control solutions for the aerospace and industrial markets. Our innovative fluid energy, combustion control, electrical energy, and motion control systems help customers offer cleaner, more reliable, and more efficient equipment. Our customers include leading original equipment manufacturers and end users of their products. We have production and assembly facilities primarily in the United States, Europe and Asia, and promote our products and services through our worldwide locations. 
 Our strategic focus is providing energy control and optimization solutions for the aerospace and industrial markets. The precise and efficient control of energy, including motion, fluid, combustion and electrical energy, is a growing requirement in the markets we serve. Our customers look to us to optimize the efficiency, emissions and operation of power equipment in both commercial and defense operations. Our core technologies leverage well across our markets and customer applications, enabling us to develop and integrate cost-effective and state-of-the-art fuel, combustion, fluid, actuation and electronic systems. We focus primarily on serving original equipment manufacturers OEMs and equipment packagers, partnering with them to bring superior component and system solutions to their demanding applications. We also provide aftermarket repair, maintenance, replacement and other service support for our installed products. 
 Woodward was established in 1870, incorporated in 1902, and is headquartered in Fort Collins, Colorado. The mailing address of our world headquarters is 1081 Woodward Way, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524. Our telephone number at that location is (970) 482-5811, and our website is www.woodward.com. None of the information contained on our website is incorporated into this document by reference. 
 Markets and Principal Lines of Business 
 We serve the aerospace and industrial markets through our two reportable segments Aerospace and Industrial . Our customers require technological solutions to meet their needs for performance, efficiency, and reliability, and reduce cost of operation. 
 Within the aerospace market, we provide systems, components and solutions for both commercial and defense applications. Our aerospace systems and components optimize the performance of fixed wing and rotorcraft platforms in commercial, business and military aircraft, missiles and weapons, ground vehicles and other equipment. Our key focus areas within this market are propulsion and combustion control solutions for turbine powered aircraft and fluid and motion control solutions for critical aerospace and defense applications. 
 Within the industrial market, our key focus areas are applications and control solutions for machines that produce electricity utilizing conventional or alternative energy resources and fluid, motion, and combustion control solutions for complex oil and gas, industrial, power generation and transportation applications. 
 Products, Services and Applications 
 Aerospace 
 Our Aerospace segment designs, manufactures, and services systems and products for the management of fuel, air, and combustion and motion control. These products include fuel pumps, metering units, actuators, air valves, specialty valves, fuel nozzles, and thrust reverser actuation systems for turbine engines and nacelles, as well as flight deck controls, actuators, servocontrols, motors and sensors for aircraft. These products are used on commercial and private aircraft and rotorcraft, as well as on military fixed-wing aircraft and rotorcraft, guided weapons, and other defense systems. 
 We have significant content on a wide variety of commercial aircraft, rotorcraft and business jet platforms, such as the Airbus A320neo, Boeing 737 MAX and 787, Bell 429 and Gulfstream G650. We also have significant content on defense applications such as Blackhawk and Apache helicopters, F/A-18 and F-35 fighter jets, and guided tactical weapons (for example, the Joint Direct Attack Munition JDAM )). 
 Revenues from the Aerospace segment are generated by sales to OEMs, tier-one suppliers, and prime contractors, and through aftermarket sales of components, such as provisioning spares or replacements, and spare parts. We also provide aftermarket maintenance, repair and overhaul, as well as other services to commercial airlines, repair facilities, military depots, third party repair shops, and other end users. 
 2 

Industrial 
 Our Industrial segment designs, produces, and services systems and products for the management of fuel, air, fluids, gases, motion, combustion and electricity. These products include actuators, valves, pumps, fuel injection systems, solenoids, ignition systems, speed controls, electronics and software, and sensors. Our products are used on industrial gas turbines (including heavy frame, aeroderivative and small industrial gas turbines), steam turbines, compressors, and reciprocating engines (including low speed, medium speed and high-speed engines, that operate on various fuels, including natural gas, diesel, heavy fuel oil and dual-fuel). The equipment on which our products are found is used to generate power to extract and distribute fossil fuels in the mining of other commodities and to convert fuel to work in transportation and freight (both marine and locomotives), mobile, and industrial equipment applications. 
 Revenues from our Industrial segment are generated primarily by sales to OEMs and by providing aftermarket products and other related services to our OEM customers. Our Industrial segment also sells products through an independent network of distributors and, in some cases, directly to end users. 
 Customers 
 Sales to our five largest customers represented approximately 45 of our consolidated net sales for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020. 
 Sales to our largest customer in fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, The Boeing Company, accounted for approximately 13 of our consolidated net sales, and 14 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. Accounts receivable from The Boeing Company represented approximately 14 of accounts receivable at September 30, 2021 and 13 at September 30, 2020. Sales to our second largest customer, General Electric Company, accounted for approximately 11 of our consolidated net sales in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020. Accounts receivable from General Electric Company totaled approximately 10 of accounts receivable at September 30, 2021, and 9 at September 30, 2020. We believe The Boeing Company, General Electric Company, and our other significant customers are creditworthy and will be able to satisfy their credit obligations to us. 
 The following customers account for approximately 10 or more of net sales to each of our reportable segments for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020. 

Customer 

Aerospace 

The Boeing Company, General Electric Company, Raytheon Technologies 

Industrial 

Rolls-Royce PLC, Weichai Westport, General Electric Company 

Competitive Environment 
 Our products and product support services are sold worldwide into a variety of markets. In all markets, we compete on the basis of differentiated technology and design, product performance and conformity with customer specifications. Additional factors are customer service and support, including on-time delivery and customer partnering, product quality, price, reputation and local presence. Both of our segments operate in uniquely competitive environments. 
 We believe that new competitors face significant barriers to entry into many of our markets, including various government mandated certification requirements to compete in the aerospace and industrial markets in which we participate. 
 Aerospace 
 Aerospace has significant product certification requirements to meet safety regulations, which form a basis for competition as well as a barrier to entry. Technological innovation and design, product performance including increased efficiency and thrust, conformity with customer specifications, and product quality and reliability are of utmost importance in the aerospace and defense industry. In addition, on-time delivery, pricing, and joint development capabilities with customers are points of competition within this market. 
 We compete with numerous companies around the world that specialize in fuel and air management, combustion, electronic control, aircraft motion control, flight deck control, and thrust reverser products. Our competitors in aerospace include divisions of Eaton, Honeywell, Moog, Parker Hannifin, and Raytheon Technologies. In addition, some of our OEM customers are capable of developing and manufacturing similar products internally. Several competitors are also customers for our products, such as Honeywell, Parker Hannifin, and Raytheon Technologies. 
 3 

Some of our customers are affiliated with our competitors through ownership or joint venture agreements. For example, Pratt & Whitney, one of our customers, is affiliated with Raytheon Technologies , one of our competitors. Similarly, GE Aviation has a joint venture with Parker Hannifin for the supply of fuel nozzles. W e also have partnered with our customers in the past, such as our strategic joint venture JV with one of our largest customer s , General Electric Company GE ), acting through its GE Aviation business unit. 
 We believe our products offer high levels of field reliability, which provides end users with an advantage in life-cycle cost. We address competition in aftermarket service through responsiveness to our customers needs, providing short turnaround times, greater performance such as longer time between repairs, and maintaining a global presence. We also compete in part by establishing relationships with our customers engineering organizations, and by offering innovative technical and commercial solutions to meet their market requirements. Our ability to design, develop and test an integrated system with a customer is a competitive differentiator, offering the customer savings in both resources and time. 
 Industrial 
 Industrial operates in the global markets for industrial turbines and reciprocating engines, which are used in power generation systems, transportation, and oil and gas markets. Many of these markets are subject to regulatory product and performance certifications to meet emissions and safety requirements, which form a basis for competition as well as a barrier to entry. 
 We compete with numerous companies that specialize in various engine, turbine, and power management products, and our OEM customers are often capable of developing and manufacturing similar products internally. Many of our customers are large global OEMs that require suppliers to support them around the world and to meet increasingly higher requirements in terms of safety, quality, delivery, reliability and cost. Competitors include Emerson, EControls, Heinzmann GmbH & Co., Hoerbiger, Meggitt, Robert Bosch AG, and Triconix. OEM customers with internal capabilities for similar products include Caterpillar, Cummins, General Electric, Rolls-Royce Power Systems, W rtsil , and Weichai. 
 We believe we are a market leader in providing our customers advanced technology and superior product performance at a competitive price. We focus on developing and maintaining close relationships with our OEM customers engineering teams. Competitive success is based on the development of innovative components and systems that are aligned with the OEMs technology roadmaps to achieve future reliability, emission, efficiency, and fuel flexibility targets. 
 For additional information about our markets and trends in our markets, please see Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Government Contracts and Regulation 
 Portions of our business, particularly in our Aerospace segment, are heavily regulated. We contract with numerous U.S. Government agencies and entities, including all of the branches of the U.S. military, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration NASA ), and the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, and Transportation. We also contract with similar government authorities outside the United States, subject in all cases to applicable law. 
 We must comply with, and are affected by, laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts. These laws and regulations, among other things: 

require accurate, complete and current disclosure and certification of cost and pricing data in connection with certain contracts 

impose specific and unique cost accounting practices that may differ from accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ), and therefore require robust systems to reconcile 

impose regulations that define allowable and unallowable costs and otherwise govern our right to reimbursement under certain cost-based U.S. Government contracts 

impose manufacturing specifications and other quality standards that may be more restrictive than for non-government business activities and 

restrict the use and dissemination of information classified for national security purposes due to the regulations of the U.S. Government and foreign governments pertaining to the export of certain products and technical data. 

 Sales made directly to U.S. Government agencies and entities, or indirectly through third party manufacturers utilizing Woodward parts and subassemblies, collectively represented 29 of our sales for fiscal year 2021 and 28 of our sales for fiscal year 2020. 
 
 4 

Seasonality 
 We believe our sales, in total or in either reportable segment, are not subject to significant seasonal variation. However, our sales have generally been lower in the first quarter of our fiscal year as compared to the immediately preceding quarter due to fewer working days resulting from the observance of various holidays and scheduled plant shutdowns for annual maintenance. 
 Sales Order Backlog 
 Beginning in fiscal year 2019, for each of our reportable segments, we have elected to quantify backlog in a manner consistent with the definition of remaining performance obligations. Our remaining performance obligations by segment, excluding material rights, as of October 31, 2021 and 2020 is shown in the table below. 

October 31, 
 2021 

October 31, 2021 Percent Expected to be satisfied by September 30, 2022 

October 31, 
 2020 

Aerospace 

1,009,101 

79 

1,160,486 

Industrial 

261,074 

97 

209,302 

1,270,175 

83 

1,369,788 

Our remaining performance obligations relate to the aggregate amount of the total contract transaction price of firm orders for which the performance obligation has not yet been recognized in revenue. 
 Manufacturing 
 We operate manufacturing and assembly plants primarily in the United States, Europe and Asia. Our products consist of mechanical, electronic and electromechanical systems and components. 
 Aluminum, iron and steel are primary raw materials used to produce our mechanical components. Other commodities, such as gold, copper and nickel, are also used in the manufacture of our products, although in much smaller quantities. We purchase various goods, including component parts and services used in production, logistics and product development processes from third parties. Generally, there are numerous sources for the raw materials and components used in our products, which we believe are sufficiently available to meet current requirements. 
 We maintain global strategic sourcing models to meet our global facilities' production needs while building long-term supplier relationships and efficiently managing our overall supply costs. We expect our suppliers to maintain adequate levels of quality raw materials and component parts, and to deliver such parts on a timely basis to support production of our various products. We use a variety of agreements with suppliers intended to protect our intellectual property and processes and to monitor and mitigate risks of disruption in our supply base that could cause a business disruption to our production schedules or to our customers. The risks monitored include supplier financial viability, business continuity, quality, delivery and protection of our intellectual property and processes. 
 Our customers expect us to maintain adequate levels of certain finished goods and certain component parts to support our warranty commitments and sales to our aftermarket customers, and to deliver such parts on a timely basis to support our customers standard and customary needs. We carry certain finished goods and component parts in inventory to meet these rapid delivery requirements of our customers. 
 Research and Development 
 We finance our research and development activities primarily with our own funds. Our research and development costs include basic research, applied research, component and systems development, and concept formulation studies. 
 We collaborate closely with our customers as they develop their technology plans, which leads to new product concepts. We believe this collaboration allows us to develop technology, new systems, and products that are aligned with our customers needs and future performance, which increases the likelihood that our systems and components will be selected for inclusion in the platforms developed by our customers. Further, we believe our close collaboration with our customers during preliminary design stages allows us to provide products that deliver the component and system performance necessary to bring greater value to our customers. This preliminary work may include opportunities to test new products in order to validate concepts and demonstrate performance in challenging environments. We strive to stay ahead of the competition through our modeling, prototyping, and state of the art test capabilities. 
 5 

Aerospace is focused on developing systems and components that we believe will be instrumental in helping our customers achieve their objectives of lower fuel consumption, lighter weight, more efficient performance, reduced emissions, and improved operating economics. We support our engine and airframe customers as they develop next generation designs across the commercial aviation, general aviation, civil private and military markets. Our development efforts support technology for a wide range of: 

aerospace turbine engine applications, which include commercial, business and military turbofan engines of various thrust classes, turboshaft engines and turboprop engines 

electromechanical and hydraulic actuation systems for flight deck-to-flight surface control of fixed-wing aircraft and rotorcraft, and turbine engine nacelles, as well as guidance for weapon systems and 

motion control components for integration into comprehensive actuation systems. 

 Most technology development programs begin years before an expected entry to service, such as those for the next generation of commercial aircraft. Other development programs result in nearer-term product launches associated with new OEM offerings, product upgrades, or product replacements on existing programs. 
 We developed the fuel system, air management system, and actuation hardware for CFM International s LEAP engine program. We also developed the actuation system, combustion system and oil system components for Pratt & Whitney s Geared Turbo Fan GTF or PurePower engine program. These programs target applications in the single aisle and regional aircraft markets with entry into service in the 2016 to 2022 timeframe. Both the LEAP engine and the PurePower engine have been selected by Airbus as options to power its A320neo aircraft. In addition, the LEAP engine was selected by Boeing exclusively for its 737 MAX aircraft. 
 Industrial is focused on developing innovative technologies, including integrated control systems and system components, that enable our customers to cost-effectively meet mandated emissions regulations and fuel efficiency demands, allow for usage of a wider range of fuel sources, increase reliability (particularly in harsh environments), and reduce total cost of ownership. Our development efforts support technology for a wide range of: 

products that improve the quality of combustion processes and provide more precise flow of various fuels and gases in our customers gas turbines and industrial reciprocating engines 

electronic devices and software solutions that provide improved control and protection of reciprocating engines, gas turbines, steam turbines, and engine- and turbine-powered equipment and 

advanced prognostic and predictive intelligence that is integrated into many of our complex products and systems. 

 Human Capital 
 We consider our employees (whom we call members to be the most valuable resource for current and future success and we seek to provide a work environment that fosters growth, encourages self-development, and provides meaningful work. We make significant investments in training and professional development, and provide competitive pay, benefits, and other incentives. Notable programs we offer to our full-time members include: 

employer sponsored health insurance 

employer 401(k) matching contributions 

annual Woodward stock contributions for U.S. members 

a tuition assistance program 

training and professional development courses through our Woodward University curriculum and 

other values-based and technical development training 

 In addition to our comprehensive investment in our members success, we strive to maintain an inclusive environment that values and leverages the uniqueness of each member to the benefit of all our stakeholders. We view the combination of diverse perspectives and backgrounds as a powerful force for innovation. To promote diversity and our core principles, we emphasize dignity, value, and equality of all members, regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender or sexual orientation, through our actions and the workplace training programs we provide. We continually strive to harness the diversity of our global workforce by cultivating a climate that permits all our members to bring their authentic selves to work. 
 6 

The health and safety of our members is also a top priority. We have implemented appropriate procedures and precautions to ensure the continued safety and well - being of member s is a dedicated concern . W e not only strive to comply with all federal and local workplace laws and regulations where we do business, but continue to look for ways to exceed compliance standards by utilizing continuous improvement discipline to proactively eliminate risk s to our members . 
 The global economic effects associated with the COVID-19 pandemic have been unprecedented in their scope and depth. We have been and will continue to be following recommendations of the U.S. Center for Disease Control and other applicable agencies to maximize the safety and well-being of our members. We have implemented measures to mitigate exposure risks and support operations. Throughout this crisis, our unwavering focus has been on keeping our workplace as safe as possible, while ensuring we stabilize our business and position ourselves well for the future. 
 As of October 31, 2021, we employed approximately 7,200 full-time members of which approximately 2,000 were located outside of the United States, with the majority of such members located in Germany, Poland and China. Approximately 56 of our full-time members support our Aerospace segment and 38 support our Industrial segment, while we have 6 of our full-time workforce included in our Corporate support function. We believe that our relationships with our members are good. 
 Approximately 15 of our total full-time workforce were union members as of October 31, 2021, all of whom work for our Aerospace segment and are located in the United States. The collective bargaining agreements with our union members are generally renewed through contract renegotiation near the contract expiration dates. The MPC Employees Representative Union contract, which covered 567 members as of October 31, 2021, expired October 1, 2021, and is currently under negotiations for extension. The Local Lodge 727-N International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers agreement, which covers 452 members as of October 31, 2021, expires April 23, 2024. We believe that our relationships with our union members and the representative unions are good. 
 Almost all of our other members in the United States were at-will members as of October 31, 2021, and therefore, not subject to any type of employment contract or agreement. Our executive officers each have change-in-control agreements which have been filed with the SEC. 
 Outside of the United States, we enter into employment contracts and agreements in those countries in which such relationships are mandatory or customary, including coordination through local works councils. The provisions of these agreements correspond in each case with the required or customary terms in the subject jurisdiction. 
 Patents, Intellectual Property, and Licensing 
 We own numerous patents and other intellectual property, and have licenses for the use of patents and other intellectual property owned by others, which relate to our products and their manufacture. In addition to owning a large portfolio of intellectual property, we also license intellectual property to and from third parties. For example, the U.S. Government has certain rights in our patents and other intellectual property developed in performance of certain government contracts, and it may use or authorize others to use the inventions covered by such patents for government purposes as allowed by law. 
 Intellectual property not covered by patents (or patent applications) includes trade secrets and other technological know-how that is not patentable or for which we have elected not to seek patent protection, including intellectual property relating to our manufacturing processes and engineering designs. Such unpatented technology, including research, development and engineering technical skills and know-how, as well as unpatented software, is important to our overall business and to the operations of each of our segments. 
 While our intellectual property assets taken together are important, we do not believe our business or either of our segments would be materially affected by the expiration of any particular intellectual property right or termination of any particular intellectual property patent license agreement. 
 As of September 30, 2021, our Consolidated Balance Sheets includes 559,289 of net intangible assets. This value represents the carrying values, net of amortization, of certain assets acquired in various business acquisitions and does not purport to represent the fair value of our acquired intellectual property as of September 30, 2021. 
 7 

Environmental Matters and Climate Change 
 The Company is regulated by federal, state and international environmental laws governing our use, transport and disposal of substances and control of emissions. Compliance with these existing laws has not had a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings or global competitive position. 
 We use hazardous materials and/or regulated materials in our manufacturing operations. We also own, operate, have acquired, and may in the future acquire facilities that were formerly owned and operated by others that used such materials. We believe the risk that a significant release of regulated materials has occurred in the past or will occur in the future cannot be completely eliminated or prevented. From time to time, we engage in environmental remediation activities, generally in coordination with other companies, pursuant to federal and state laws. In addition, we may be exposed to other environmental costs including participation in superfund sites or other similar jurisdictional initiatives. When it is reasonably probable that we will incur remediation costs at a site, and those costs can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for such future costs with a related charge against our earnings. In formulating that estimate and recognizing those costs, we do not consider amounts expected to be recovered from insurance companies, or others, until such recovery is assured. Currently, we have no sites undergoing remediation. 
 Our manufacturing facilities generally do not produce volumes or quantities of byproducts, including greenhouse gases, that would be considered hazardous waste or otherwise harmful to the environment. We do not expect legislation currently pending or expected in the next several years to have a significant negative impact on our operations in any of our segments. 
 Domestic and foreign legislative initiatives on emissions control, renewable energy, and climate change tend to favorably impact the sale of our energy control products. For example, our Industrial segment produces energy control products that help our customers maximize engine efficiency and minimize wasteful emissions, including greenhouse gases. 
 Available Information 
 Through a link on the Investor Information section of our website, www.woodward.com, we make available, free of charge, the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed or furnished to the SEC: our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as Section 16 reports of our officers and directors. The Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings. The address of the site is www.sec.gov. We provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases as part of our investor relations website. We have used, and intend to continue to use, our investor relations website, as well as the following as of the date of this filing, as means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with the disclosure obligations under Regulation FD: 

Twitter: woodward_inc 

Facebook: Facebook.com/woodwardinc 

LinkedIn: Linkedin.com/company/woodward 

YouTube: YouTube.com/user/woodwardinc 

 None of the information contained on our website, or the above-mentioned social media sites, is incorporated into this document by reference. 
 8 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

 The following summarizes important factors that could individually, or together with one or more other factors, affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows: 
 COVID-19 Pandemic Risks 
 The global COVID-19 pandemic (COVID-19) has led to significant volatility in virtually all product, service and economic markets, including financial markets, commodities (including oil and gas) and other industries (including the aviation industry), thereby impacting our business, financial results and the achievement of our strategic objectives. The extent to which the pandemic and measures taken in response to the pandemic could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity, capital and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict. 
 Global health concerns pertaining to COVID-19 and related government actions taken to reduce the spread of the virus have impacted the economic environment, significantly increased economic uncertainty and reduced economic activity. The pandemic has also caused governmental authorities to implement numerous measures to try to contain the virus, including ongoing travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, and business limitations and shutdowns. These measures have negatively impacted and may further negatively impact consumer and business ordering and payment patterns. 
 COVID-19 has adversely impacted, and will continue to adversely impact, our business, operations, financial condition, capital and results of operations. The extent of these impacts depends on future developments, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict, including, but not limited to, (i) the duration and magnitude of the pandemic, (ii) the actions taken to contain the virus or treat its impact, (iii) the effectiveness of economic stimulus measures, and (iv) the extent to which economic and operating conditions and consumer and business spending can return to their pre-pandemic levels. 
 The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices and operations, and to align our business with the unfavorable economic conditions, including enhancing our operations management teams and global supply chain to ensure the Company is efficiently utilizing inventory on hand, as well as increasing our internal processing capabilities. We may take further actions as required by government authorities or that we otherwise determine are in the best interests of our customers, employees and business partners. Moreover, we expect that the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic will heighten many of the other risks described herein. 
 Industry Risks 
 We operate in highly competitive industries and, if we are unable to compete effectively in one or more of our markets, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 We face intense competition from a number of established competitors in the United States and abroad, some of which are larger in size or are divisions of large, diversified companies with substantially greater financial resources. In addition, global competition continues to increase. Changes in competitive conditions, including the availability of new technologies, products and services, the introduction of new channels of distribution, changes in OEM and aftermarket pricing, and further consolidation of companies in our industries, could impact our relationships with our customers and may adversely affect future sales and margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Further, the markets in which we operate experience rapidly changing technologies and frequent introductions of new products and services. The technological expertise we have developed and maintained could become less valuable if a competitor were to develop a breakthrough technology that would allow it to match or exceed the performance of existing technologies at a lower cost. If we are unable to develop competitive technologies, future sales or earnings could be lower than expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 9 

A significant portion of our revenue is concentrated among a relatively small number of customers , which makes our business more vulnerable to fluctuations in sales to these customers and changes in their financial condition. 
 A significant portion of our revenue is concentrated among a relatively small number of customers. We have fewer customers than many companies with similar sales volumes. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, sales to our largest 5 customers represented approximately 45 of our consolidated net sales and approximately 39 of our accounts receivable. If any of our significant customers were to change suppliers, in-source production, institute significant restructuring or cost-cutting measures, or experience financial distress, these significant customers may substantially reduce, or otherwise be unable to pay for, purchases from us. Accordingly, our consolidated net sales could decrease significantly, or we may experience difficulty collecting, or be unable to collect, amounts due and payable, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 In October 2018 and March 2019, two commercial aircraft accidents led to the grounding by the Federal Aviation Administration FAA and other regulators of the Boeing 737 MAX aircraft, on which we have significant content. The grounding of the Boeing 737 MAX aircraft by the FAA and other regulators, which started in March of 2019 and continued through November 2020, caused deliveries of that aircraft to be zero in fiscal year 2020. As the aircraft return to service progresses, which includes the pending recertification of the aircraft in various international jurisdictions, we anticipate a large majority of the deliveries missed in fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021 will be fulfilled in future periods, although at a slower rate than previously estimated. Although we anticipate a slow recovery of the OEM and a slightly better recovery of the initial provisioning sales as the aircraft s return to service progresses, the previous grounding of the Boeing 737 MAX could further decrease our OEM and initial provisioning sales for the 737 MAX and CFM LEAP engines in the near term, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 The long sales cycle, customer evaluation process, and implementation period of our products and services may increase the costs of obtaining orders and reduce the predictability of sales cycles and our inventory requirements. 
 Our products and services are technologically complex and require significant capital commitments. Prospective customers generally must commit significant resources to test and evaluate our products and to install and integrate them into larger systems. Accordingly, customers often require a significant number of product presentations and demonstrations before reaching a sufficient level of confidence in the product s performance and compatibility. In addition, orders expected in one quarter may shift to another quarter or be cancelled with little advance notice as a result of customers budgetary constraints, internal acceptance reviews, and other factors affecting the timing of customers purchase decisions. The difficulty in forecasting demand increases the challenge in anticipating sales cycles and our inventory requirements, which may cause us to over-produce finished goods and could result in inventory write-offs, or could cause us to under-produce finished goods. Any such over-production or under-production could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Our participation in a strategic joint venture with GE may make it more difficult to secure long-term sales in certain aerospace markets. 
 In January 2016, Woodward and General Electric Company GE ), acting through its GE Aviation business unit, consummated the formation of a strategic joint venture between Woodward and GE (the JV ). The JV agreement does not restrict Woodward from entering into any market however, consolidation in the aircraft engine market is increasingly prevalent, resulting in fewer engine manufacturers, and thus it may become more difficult for Woodward to secure new business with GE competitors on similar product applications both within and outside the specific JV market space. Additionally, if GE fails to win new content in the market space covered by the JV, Woodward may be prevented from expanding content on future commercial aircraft engines in those markets. 
 10 

General Commercial, Financial, and Regulatory Risks 
 Suppliers may be unable to provide us with materials of sufficient quality or quantity to meet our production needs at favorable prices or at all which may adversely affect our revenue and margins. 
 We are dependent upon suppliers for parts and raw materials used in the manufacture of products that we sell to our customers, and our raw material costs are subject to commodity market fluctuations. We may experience a shortage of parts or raw materials for various reasons, such as the loss of a significant supplier, high overall demand creating shortages in parts and supplies we use, financial distress, work stoppages, natural disasters, fluctuations in commodity prices, the imposition of tariffs or other duties, or production or distribution difficulties that may affect one or more of our suppliers. In some instances, we depend upon a single source of supply, manufacturing, or logistics support or participate in commodity markets that may be subject to allocations of limited supplies by suppliers. If one or more of our suppliers experiences financial difficulties, delivery delays or other performance problems, we may be unable to meet commitments to our customers or incur additional costs. Our customers rely on us to provide on-time delivery and have certain rights if our delivery standards are not maintained. A significant increase in our supply costs, including for raw materials that are subject to commodity price fluctuations and/or the imposition of tariffs, or a protracted interruption of supplies for any reason, could result in the delay of one or more of our customer contracts, increase our costs, result in lost revenue or could damage our reputation and relationships with customers. In addition, quality and sourcing issues that our suppliers may experience can also adversely affect the quality and effectiveness of our products and services and may result in liability or reputational harm to us. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Our profitability may suffer if we are unable to manage our expenses in connection with sales increases, sales decreases, or if we experience change in product mix. 
 Some of our expenses are relatively fixed in relation to changes in sales volume and are difficult to adjust in the short term. Expenses driven by business activity other than sales level and other long-term expenditures, such as fixed manufacturing costs, capital expenditures and research and development expenses may be difficult to reduce in a timely manner in response to a reduction in sales. In periods of rapid sales increases it may be difficult to quickly increase our production of finished goods because of our long manufacturing lead times. If a sudden, unanticipated need for raw materials, components and labor arises, we could experience difficulties in sourcing these items at a favorable cost, in sufficient quantities or at all. These factors could result in delays in fulfilling customer sales contracts, lost revenue, damage to our reputation and relationships with our customers, and an inability to meet market demand, which in turn could prevent us from taking advantage of business opportunities or responding to competitive pressures and could result in an increase in costs leading to a decrease in net earnings or even net losses. In addition, we sell products that have varying profit margins, and fluctuations in the mix of sales of our various products may affect our overall profitability. 
 Reductions, delays or changes in U.S. Government spending could adversely affect our business. 
 Sales made directly to U.S. Government agencies and entities, or indirectly through third party manufacturers, such as tier-one prime contractors, utilizing Woodward parts and subassemblies, accounted for approximately 29 of total sales in fiscal year 2021 and 28 in fiscal year 2020. 
 The U.S. Government participates in a wide variety of operations, including homeland defense, counterinsurgency, counterterrorism, and other defense-related operations that employ our products and services. U.S. defense spending has historically been cyclical in nature and is subject to periodic congressional authorization and appropriation actions. The level of U.S. defense spending may be impacted by numerous factors outside of our control such as changes in the perceived threat environment, U.S. foreign policy, changes in security, defense, and intelligence priorities, shifts in domestic and international spending and tax policy, budget deficits and competing budget priorities, and the overall economic and political environment. 
 Defense budgets tend to rise when perceived threats to national security increase the level of concern over the country s safety, but we can provide no assurance that an increase in defense spending will be allocated to programs that would benefit our business. Decreases in U.S. Government defense spending, changes in the spending allocation, phase-outs or terminations of certain aerospace and defense programs on which we have content could have a material adverse effect on our sales unless they are offset by other aerospace and defense programs and opportunities. If the priorities of the U.S. Government change and/or defense spending is reduced, this may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 11 

Our business may be adversely affected by risks unique to government contracting. 
 Our contracts with the U.S. Government are subject to certain unique risks, including the risks set forth below, some of which are beyond our control, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Our U.S. Government contracts and the U.S. Government contracts of our customers are subject to modification, curtailment or termination by the government, either for the convenience of the government or for default as a result of a failure by us or our customers to perform under the applicable contract. If any of our contracts are terminated by the U.S. Government, our backlog would be reduced, in accordance with contract terms, by the expected value of the remaining work under such contracts. In addition, we are not the prime contractor on most of our contracts for supply to the U.S. Government, and the U.S. Government could terminate a prime contract under which we are a subcontractor, irrespective of the quality of our products and services as a subcontractor. 

We must comply with procurement laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of our U.S. Government contracts and the U.S. Government contracts of our customers. The U.S. Government may change procurement laws and regulations from time to time. A violation of U.S. Government procurement laws or regulations, a change in U.S. Government procurement laws and regulations, or a termination arising out of our default could expose us to liability, debarment, or suspension and could have an adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. 

We are subject to government inquiries, audits and investigations due to our business relationships with the U.S. Government and the heavily regulated industries in which we do business. In addition, our contract costs are subject to audits by the U.S. Government. U.S. Government agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the Defense Contract Management Agency, routinely audit government contractors and subcontractors. These agencies review our performance under contracts, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and standards, as well as the adequacy of and our compliance with our internal control systems and policies. Any costs found to be misclassified or inaccurately allocated to a specific contract would be deemed non-reimbursable, and to the extent already reimbursed, would be refunded. Any inadequacies in our systems and policies could result in withholds on billed receivables, penalties and reduced future business. Any inquiries or investigations, including those related to our contract pricing, could potentially result in civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines, suspension, and/or debarment from participating in future business opportunities with the U.S. Government. Such actions could harm our reputation, even if such allegations are later determined to be unfounded, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

 Our debt obligations and the restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our debt could limit our ability to operate our business or pursue our business strategies, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and could significantly reduce stockholder benefits from a change of control event. 
 As of September 30, 2021, our total debt was 734,850, including 550,000 in unsecured notes denominated in U.S. dollars issued in private placements and 185,503 of unsecured notes denominated in Euros issued in private placements. We are obligated to make interest and scheduled principal payments under the agreements governing our long-term debt, which requires us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, and which may reduce the availability of our cash flow for other purposes, including business development efforts and mergers and acquisitions. These debt obligations could make us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions and could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate, thereby placing us at a disadvantage to our competitors that have less indebtedness. Further, we may require additional capital to repay our debt obligations when they mature, and such capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 Our existing revolving credit facility and note purchase agreements impose financial covenants on us and our subsidiaries that require us to maintain certain leverage ratios and minimum levels of consolidated net worth. Certain of these agreements require us to repay outstanding borrowings with portions of the proceeds we receive from certain sales of property or assets and specified future debt offerings. 
 12 

These financial covenants place certain restrictions on our business that may affect our ability to execute our business strategy successfully or take other actions that we believe would be in the best interests of our Company. These covenants include limitations or restrictions, among other things, on our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to: 

incur additional indebtedness 

pay dividends or make distributions on our capital stock or certain other restricted payments or investments 

purchase or redeem stock 

issue stock of our subsidiaries 

make domestic and foreign investments and extend credit 

engage in transactions with affiliates 

transfer and sell assets 

effect a consolidation or merger or sell, transfer, lease, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets and 

create liens on our assets to secure debt. 

 These agreements contain certain customary events of default, including certain cross-default provisions related to other outstanding debt arrangements. Any breach of the covenants under these agreements or other event of default could cause a default under these agreements and/or a cross-default under our other debt arrangements, which could restrict our ability to borrow under our revolving credit facility. If there were an event of default under certain provisions of our debt arrangements that was not cured or waived, the holders of the defaulted debt may be able to cause all amounts outstanding with respect to the debt instrument, plus any required settlement costs, to be due and payable immediately. Our assets and available cash balances may not be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our outstanding debt instruments if accelerated upon an event of default. If we are unable to repay, refinance, or restructure our indebtedness as required, or amend the covenants contained in these agreements, the lenders or note holders may be entitled to obtain a lien or institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Additional tax expense or additional tax exposures could impact our future profitability. 
 We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and jurisdictions outside of the United States. Our tax liabilities are dependent upon the distribution mix of operating income among these different jurisdictions. Our tax expense includes estimates of additional tax that may be incurred and reflects various estimates, projections, and assumptions that could impact the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. Our future operating results could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate, which could be caused by, among other things: 

changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates 

changes in our overall profitability 

changes in rules or interpretations of existing tax laws 

changes in U.S. federal tax legislation and tax rates 

changes in state or non-U.S. government tax legislation and tax rates 

changes in tax incentives 

changes in U.S. GAAP 

changes in the projected realization of deferred tax assets and liabilities 

changes in management s assessment of the amount of earnings indefinitely reinvested offshore 

changes in management s intentions regarding the amount of earnings reinvested offshore and 

the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns and continuing assessments of our tax exposures. 

 13 

We derive a significant amount of revenue and obtain components from outside of the United States accordingly, we are subject to the risks inherent in doing business in other countries. 
 In fiscal year 2021, approximately 43 of our total sales were made to customers in jurisdictions outside of the United States (including products manufactured in the United States and sold outside the United States as well as products manufactured in international locations). We also purchase raw materials and components from suppliers outside the United States. Accordingly, our business and results of operations are subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including: 

transportation delays and interruptions 

political, social and economic instability and disruptions 

acts of terrorism or war 

the imposition of taxes, import and export controls, duties and tariffs, embargoes, sanctions and other trade restrictions 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates 

changes in regulatory environments 

cost of compliance with increasingly complex and often conflicting regulations governing various matters worldwide 

cost of labor, labor shortages and other changes in labor conditions 

the potential for nationalization of enterprises 

potential limitations on the Company s ability to enforce legal rights and remedies, including protection of intellectual property 

difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through some foreign legal systems 

potentially adverse tax consequences, including limitations on repatriations of earnings and 

difficulties in implementing restructuring actions on a timely basis. 

 The implementation of tariffs (such as those implemented by the United States and China in recent years) could increase the cost of certain commodities and/or limit their supply. Over the longer term, tariffs could significantly increase our costs and our ability to pass such increased costs along to our customers may be limited, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are subject to and must comply with U.S. laws restricting or otherwise prohibiting companies from doing business in certain countries, including those on exports imposed under the U.S. Export Control Laws and Sanctions Programs. These laws and regulations change from time to time and may restrict sales to other countries or parties. 
 We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing an improper business advantage. We operate in many parts of the world and sell to industries that have experienced corruption to some degree. If we are found to be liable for FCPA or other similar anti-bribery law or regulatory violations, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Also, a material disruption to the financial institutions with whom we transact business could have a material adverse effect on our international operations or on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Changes in the estimates of fair value of reporting units or of long-lived assets, particularly goodwill, may result in future impairment charges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operation. 
 Over time, the fair values of long-lived assets change. At September 30, 2021, we had 805,333 of goodwill, representing 20 of our total assets. We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on at least an annual basis or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. Future goodwill impairment charges may occur if estimates of fair values decrease, which would reduce future earnings. Future asset impairment charges may occur if asset utilization declines, if customer demand decreases, or for a number of other reasons, which would reduce future earnings. Any such impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 14 

There can be no assurance that our estimates and assumptions of the fair value of our reporting units, the current economic environment, or the other inputs used in forecasting the present value of forecasted cash flows used to estimate the fair value of our reporting units will prove to be accurate projections of future performance, and any material error in our estimates and assumptions, could result in us needing to take a material impairment charge, which would have the effects discussed above. 
 Our financial and operating performance depends on continued access to a stable workforce and on favorable labor relations with our employees. 
 Due to the specialized nature of our business, competition for technical personnel is intense and our future performance is highly dependent on our ability to hire, train, assimilate, and retain a qualified workforce. Additionally, it is important we hire and retain personnel with relevant experience in local laws, regulations, customs, traditions and business practices to support our international operations. There is no assurance that we will continue to be successful in recruiting qualified employees in the future. Further, approximately 15 of our workforce in the United States is unionized, and certain of our operations in the United States and internationally involve different employee/employer relationships and the existence of works councils. W e periodically need to renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements, and any failure to negotiate new agreements or extensions in a timely manner could result in work stoppages or slowdowns. Any significant increases in labor costs, deterioration of employee relations, including any conflicts with works councils or unions, or slowdowns or work stoppages at any of our locations, whether due to employee turnover, changes in availability of qualified technical personnel, or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, our relationships with customers, and our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Our operations and suppliers may be subject to physical and other risks that could disrupt our operations. 
 Our operations and sources of supply could be disrupted by unforeseen events, including fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods and other forms of severe weather in countries in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located, any of which could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Natural disasters, public health concerns, war, political unrest, terrorist activity, equipment failures, power outages, or other unforeseen events could result in physical damage to or other disruption of, and complete or partial closure of, one or more of our manufacturing facilities, or could cause temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of component products from some local and international suppliers, disruption in the transport of our products and significant delays in the shipment of products and the provision of services, which could in turn cause the loss of sales and customers. Existing insurance arrangements may not provide protection for all the costs that may arise from such events. Accordingly, disruption of our operations or the operations of a significant supplier could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Our intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to protect all our products or technologies and we may, regardless of intent, infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain patents or rights to patents, protect trade secrets and know-how, and prevent others from infringing on our patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights. We cannot be certain that our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents to us, that patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors, or that these patents will be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to preclude our competitors from introducing technologies similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications. Some of our intellectual property is not covered by patents (or patent applications) and includes trade secrets and other know-how that is not patentable or for which we have elected not to seek patent protection, including intellectual property relating to our manufacturing processes and engineering designs. We will be able to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that it is covered by valid and enforceable patents, trademarks, licenses or other valid intellectual property rights . Patent protection generally involves complex legal and factual questions and, therefore, enforceability of patent rights cannot be predicted with certainty thus, any patents that we own or license from others may not provide us with adequate protection against competitors. Moreover, the laws of certain foreign jurisdictions do not recognize intellectual property rights or protect them to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. 
 15 

Additionally, our current or future technologies may, regardless of our intent, infringe upon the patents or violate other proprietary rights of third parties. In the event of such infringement or violation, we may face expensive litigation or indemnification obligations and may be prevented from selling existing products and pursuing product development or commercialization. If we are unable to sufficiently protect our patent and other proprietary rights or if we infringe on the patent or proprietary rights of others, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 
 Amounts accrued for contingencies may be inadequate to cover the amount of loss when the matters are ultimately resolved. 
 We are currently involved or may become involved in legal, regulatory and other proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. These proceedings may include, without limitation, product liability matters, intellectual property matters, contract disputes or claims, pending or threatened litigation, governmental investigations, as well as employment, tax, environmental, or other matters. There is no certainty that the results of these matters will be favorable to the Company. We accrue for known individual matters if we believe it is probable that the matter will result in a loss when ultimately resolved using estimates of the most likely amount of loss. There may be additional losses that have not been accrued, or liabilities may exceed our estimates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Our business and operations may be adversely affected by cybersecurity breaches or other information technology system or network interruptions or intrusions. 
 We depend heavily on information technology IT and computerized systems to communicate and operate effectively. We store sensitive data including proprietary business information, intellectual property, classified information, customer information, supplier information, and confidential employee or other personal data on our servers and databases. The COVID-19 pandemic caused a shift in our business practices which required many of our employees to work remotely. This increase in remote work presents increased security risks to our systems, networks, and data, and has resulted in an increased dependence on the security, reliability and adequacy of our IT systems. 
 From time to time, we have experienced cyberattacks on our IT infrastructure and systems. We may become the target of cyber-attacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to our data or our customers data or to disrupt our operations or our ability to provide services. There is also a danger of loss, misuse, theft, unavailability, or unauthorized disclosure or other processing of information or assets (including source code), or damage to or other compromise of systems, components and other IT assets, including the introduction of malicious code or other vulnerabilities by people who obtain unauthorized access to our facilities, systems or information. There are many different techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to systems and data, and such techniques continue to evolve and become more sophisticated, and the adversaries are becoming more advanced, including nation states and actors sponsored by or affiliated with nation states, which target us and other defense contractors because we protect national security information, and other actors with substantial financial and technological resources. These techniques include, but are not limited to, the use of malicious software, destructive malware, ransomware, denial of service attacks, phishing and other means of social engineering, and other means of causing system or network disruptions, obtaining unauthorized access to data or systems, or causing other cybersecurity breaches and incidents. Additionally, system and service disruptions, and cybersecurity breaches or incidents, may result from employee or contractor error, negligence, or malfeasance. Due to the rapidly evolving threat environment and other factors, we may not be successful in defending against all such attacks. Further, due to the evolving nature of these security threats and the national security aspects of much of the data we protect, the full impact of any future security breach or incident cannot be predicted. We employ a number of measures, including technical security controls, employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems. However, our IT infrastructure, systems, networks, products, solutions and services remain potentially vulnerable to numerous additional known or unknown threats. Additionally, there have been and may continue to be significant cyberattacks on, and other attempts to compromise the security of, the supply chain. We may experience security breaches or incidents resulting from tools, services, or other third-party components and security vulnerabilities within, or introduced by, such tools, services, or components. 
 16 

If any of our IT infrastructure or systems are damaged, disrupted, or experience are impacted by security breaches or incidents, whether from cybersecurity attacks or other causes, or if we suffer any security breach or incident involving unauthorized access to, misuse, acquisition, disclosure, loss, alteration, or destruction of our data or other data we maintain or otherwise process, we could experience significant operational stoppages, disruptions, delays, and/or other detrimental impacts on our operations, and may face increased costs, including increased costs of implementing new data protection and security measures, policies, and procedures, and costs associated with remediating and otherwise responding to the security breach or incident. Any such security breach or incident or the perception that it has occurred, also may result in diminished competitive advantages through reputational damage and increased operational costs, regulatory investigations, proceedings, and orders, litigation or other demands, indemnity obligations, damages for contract breach, fines or penalties relating to actual or alleged violation of applicable laws, regulations, or contractual obligations, incentives offered to customers or other business partners in an effort to maintain business relationships, and other costs and liabilities . Such events could result in fines, penalties, litigation or governmental investigations and proceedings, diminished competitive advantages through reputational damages and increased operational costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Further, any unauthorized disclosure or use or acquisition of our intellectual property and/or confidential business information could harm our competitive position, result in a loss of intellectual property protection, and otherwise reduce the value of our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to compensate for all liability relating to any actual or potential disruption or other security breach or incident. We cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results, and reputation. 
 Increasing emission standards that drive certain product sales may be eased or delayed, which could reduce our competitive advantage. 
 We sell components and systems that have been designed to meet strict emission standards, including standards that have not yet been implemented but are expected to be implemented soon. If these emission standards are eased, developed products may become unnecessary and/or our future sales could be lower as potential customers select alternative products or delay adoption of our products, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Prices for fossil fuels may increase significantly and disproportionately to other sources of fuels used for power generation, which could reduce our sales and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Commercial producers of electricity use many of our components and systems, most predominately in their power plants that use natural gas as their fuel source. Commercial producers of electricity are often in a position to manage the use of different power plant facilities and make decisions based on operating costs. Compared to other sources of fuels used for power generation, natural gas prices have increased slower than fuel oil, but about the same as coal. This increase in natural gas prices and any future increases, whether in absolute dollars or relative to other fuel costs such as oil, could impact the sales mix of our components and systems, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Long-term reduced commodity prices for oil, natural gas, and other minerals may depress the markets for certain of our products and services, particularly those from our Industrial segment. 
 Many of our Industrial segment OEM and aftermarket customers and our Aerospace segment rotorcraft product lines customers provide goods and services that support various industrial extraction activities, including mining, oil and gas exploration and extraction, and transportation of raw materials from extraction sites to refineries and/or processing facilities. Long-term lower prices for commodities such as oil, natural gas, gold, tin, and various other minerals could reduce exploration activities and place downward pressure on demand for our goods and services that support exploration and extraction activities. 
 17 

Business Risks 
 Our product development activities may not be successful, may be more costly than currently anticipated, or we may not be able to produce newly developed products at a cost that meets the anticipated product cost structure. 
 Our business involves a significant level of product development activities, generally in connection with our customers development activities. Industry standards, customer expectations, or other products may emerge that could render one or more of our products or services less desirable or obsolete. Additionally, our competitors may develop new technology, or more efficient ways to produce their existing products that could cause our existing products or services to become less desirable or obsolete. Maintaining our market position requires continued investment in research and development. During an economic downturn or a subsequent recovery, we may need to maintain our investment in research and development, which may limit our ability to reduce these expenses in proportion to a sales shortfall. 
 In addition, increased investments in research and development may divert resources from other potential investments in our business, such as acquisitions or investments in our facilities, processes and operations. If these activities are not as successful as currently anticipated, are not completed on a timely basis, or are more costly than currently anticipated, or if we are not able to produce newly developed products at a cost that meets the anticipated product cost structure, then our future sales, margins and/or earnings could be lower than expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Product liability claims, product recalls or other liabilities associated with the products and services we provide may force us to pay substantial damage awards and other expenses that could exceed our accruals and insurance coverage. 
 The manufacture and sale of our products and the services we provide expose us to risks of product and other tort claims, and any resulting liability. We currently have and have had in the past product liability claims relating to our products, and we will likely be subject to additional product liability claims in the future for past, current and future products. Some of these claims may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We also provide certain services to our customers and are subject to claims with respect to the services provided. In providing such services, we may rely on subcontractors to perform all or a portion of the contracted services. It is possible that we could be liable to our customers for work performed by a subcontractor. 
 Regardless of the outcome, product liability claims can be expensive to defend, can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, and can cause reputational damage. While we believe that we have appropriate insurance coverage available to us related to any such claims, our insurance may not cover all liabilities or be available in the future at a cost acceptable to us. An unsuccessful result in connection with a product liability claim, where the liabilities are not covered by insurance or for which indemnification or other recovery is not available, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We may be unable to successfully execute or effectively integrate acquisitions, and divestitures may not occur as planned. 
 As part of our business strategy, we have pursued, and expect to pursue acquisitions of other companies and assets. The success of these transactions depends on, among other things, our ability to integrate these businesses into our operations and realize the planned synergies. Integration of acquired operations may take longer, or be more costly or disruptive to our business, than originally anticipated. The integration of these acquisitions may require significant attention from our management, and the diversion of management s attention and resources could have a material adverse effect on our ability to manage our business. We may also incur costs and divert management attention to acquisitions that are never consummated. 
 Difficulties in the integration of the acquired business may include consolidating the operations, processes and systems of the acquired business, retaining and motivating key management and employees, and integrating existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. Even if integration is successful, the financial and operational results may differ materially from our assumptions and forecasts due to unforeseen expenses, delays, conditions and liabilities. Evolving regulations such as changes in tax, trade, environmental, labor, safety, payroll or pension policies could increase the expected costs of acquisitions, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may impact the agreed upon purchase price. In addition, we may incur unanticipated costs or expenses following an acquisition, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, and other liabilities. 
 18 

Many of these factors are outside of our control and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues, and diversion of management s time and attention. Failure to successfully implement our acquisition strategy, including successfully integrating acquired businesses, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We also may make strategic divestitures from time to time, such as the divestiture of our renewable power systems business and related businesses. These transactions may result in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements, following the transaction. Nonperformance by those divested businesses could affect our future financial results through additional payment obligations, higher costs or asset write-downs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Our restructuring activities may increase our expenses and reduce our profitability, and may not have the intended effects. 
 From time to time, we have implemented restructuring and other actions designed to reduce structural costs, improve operational efficiency and position the Company for long-term profitable growth. Historically, our restructuring activities have included workforce management and other restructuring charges related to acquired businesses. Due to cost reduction measures or changes in the industries and markets in which we compete, we may decide to implement restructuring or alignment activities in the future, such as closing plants, moving production lines, or making additions, reductions or other changes to our management or workforce. These restructuring and/or alignment activities generally result in charges and expenditures that may adversely affect our financial results for one or more periods. 
 Restructuring and/or alignment activities can also create unanticipated consequences, such as instability or distraction among our workforce, and we cannot be sure that any restructuring or alignment efforts that we undertake will be successful. A variety of risks could cause us not to realize expected cost savings, including, among others, higher than expected severance costs related to staff reductions, higher than expected costs of closing plants, higher costs to hire new employees or delays or difficulty hiring the employees needed, higher than expected operating costs associated with moving production lines, delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to our cost-saving plan, and other unexpected costs associated with operating the business. 
 If we are unable to structure our operations in the light of evolving market conditions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Our manufacturing activities may result in future environmental costs or liabilities. 
 We use hazardous materials and/or regulated materials in our manufacturing operations. We also own, operate, have acquired, and may in the future acquire facilities that were formerly owned and operated by others that used such materials. The risk that a significant release of regulated materials has occurred in the past or will occur in the future cannot be completely eliminated or prevented. As a result, we are subject to a substantial number of costly regulations and we must conform our operations to applicable regulatory requirements in all countries in which we operate. To the best of our knowledge, we have been and will be at all times, in complete compliance with all environmental requirements, or that we will not incur additional material costs or liabilities in connection with these requirements. 
 In addition, we may be subject to other environmental remediation costs such as participation in superfund sites or other similar jurisdictional initiatives. As a result, we may incur material costs or liabilities or be required to undertake future environmental remediation activities that could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Failure of our production lines, or those of our subcontractors, to meet required certification standards could disrupt production. 
 Our existing production lines, as well as the production lines of our subcontractors, are sometimes required to pass varying levels of qualification with certain of our customers. Some of our customers require that our production lines pass their specific qualification standards and that we, and any subcontractors that we may use, be registered under or certified to certain U.S. or international quality standards. We may be unable to obtain, maintain, or we may experience delays in obtaining, a certification or registration to a required quality standard. A delay in obtaining, or the failure to obtain a necessary quality certification or registration could result in significant out-of-sequence work and increased production costs, as well as delayed deliveries to customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 19 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None. 

Item 2 
 
 Properties 

 The following is a summary of our principal facilities as of September 30, 2021: 

Country 

Location 

Plants 

Owned/Leased 

Segment 

Location Activity and Function 

United States 

Fort Collins, CO 

2 

Owned 

Aerospace & Industrial 

Corporate Headquarters 
 Manufacturing and engineering 

United States 

Greenville, SC 

1 

Leased 

Industrial 

Manufacturing and engineering 

United States 

Loveland, CO 

1 

Leased 

Aerospace & Industrial 

Manufacturing and engineering 

United States 

Niles, IL 

1 

Owned 

Aerospace 

Manufacturing and engineering 

United States 

Rockford, IL 

2 

Owned 

Aerospace 

Manufacturing and engineering 

United States 

Santa Clarita, CA 

1 

Owned 

Aerospace 

Manufacturing and engineering 

United States 

Zeeland, MI 

1 

Owned 

Aerospace 

Manufacturing and engineering 

Germany 

Aken 

1 

Leased 

Industrial 

Manufacturing and engineering 

Germany 

Glatten 

1 

Owned 

Industrial 

Manufacturing 

Poland 

Krakow 

1 

Owned 

Aerospace & Industrial 

Manufacturing and engineering 

Germany 

Stuttgart 

2 

Owned/Leased 

Industrial 

Engineering 

China 

Tianjin 

1 

Leased 

Industrial 

Assembly 

In addition to the principal plants listed above, we own or lease other facilities used primarily for sales, service activities, assembly, and/or engineering activities in Brazil, Bulgaria, China, India, Japan, the Netherlands, the Republic of Korea, Saudi Arabia, the United Kingdom, Germany, and the United States. 
 Our principal plants are suitable and adequate for the manufacturing and other activities performed at those plants, and we believe our utilization levels are generally high. 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

 Woodward is currently involved in pending or threatened litigation or other legal proceedings, investigations, claims and/or regulatory proceedings arising in the normal course of business, including, among others, those relating to product liability claims, employment matters, worker s compensation claims, contractual disputes, product warranty claims and alleged violations of various laws and regulations. Woodward accrues for known individual matters using estimates of the most likely amount of loss where it believes that it is probable the matter will result in a loss when ultimately resolved and such loss is reasonably estimable. 
 While the outcome of pending claims, legal and regulatory proceedings, and investigations cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that any liabilities that may result from these claims, proceedings and investigations will not have a material effect on Woodward's liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not applicable. 
 20 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market and is traded under the symbol WWD. At November 16, 2021, there were approximately 800 holders of record. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative 10-year total return to stockholders on our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the S&P Midcap 400 index and the S&P Industrials index. The graph shows total stockholder return assuming an investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) was made on September 30, 2011 in our common stock and in each of the two indexes and tracks relative performance through September 30, 2021. We have used a period of 10 years as we believe that our stock performance should be reviewed over a period that is reflective of our long-term business cycle. 

9/11 

9/12 

9/13 

9/14 

9/15 

9/16 

9/17 

9/18 

9/19 

9/20 

9/21 

Woodward, Inc. 

100.00 

124.98 

151.46 

177.93 

153.25 

237.24 

296.83 

311.49 

418.07 

312.74 

443.81 

S&P Midcap 400 

100.00 

128.54 

164.12 

183.51 

186.07 

214.59 

252.18 

288.01 

280.83 

274.77 

394.79 

S&P Industrials 

100.00 

129.60 

166.54 

194.49 

187.40 

224.38 

274.54 

305.24 

309.48 

313.58 

404.39 

The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance 
 21 

Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 In thousands, except per share amounts 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 In thousands, except for shares and per share amounts 

Total 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Price Paid 
 Per Share 

Total 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased 
 as Part of 
 Publicly 
 Announced 
 Plans or 
 Programs (1) 

Maximum 
 Number (or 
 Approximate 
 Dollar 
 Value) 
 of Shares 
 that 
 may yet be 
 Purchased 
 under the 
 Plans or 
 Programs at 
 Period 
 End (1) 

July 1, 2021 through July 31, 2021 (2) 

36 

121.56 

486,654 

August 1, 2021 through August 31, 2021 (2) 

248 

120.94 

187 

464,060 

September 1, 2021 through September 30, 2021 (2) 

26 

113.20 

217 

440,794 

(1) 
 
 In November 2019, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program for the repurchase of up to 500,000 of Woodward s outstanding shares of common stock on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions over a three-year period that will end in November 2022. 

(2) 
 
 Under a trust established for the purposes of administering the Woodward Executive Benefit Plan, 36 shares of common stock were acquired in July 2021, 24 shares of common stock were acquired in August 2021, and 26 shares of common stock were acquired in September 2021 on the open market related to the deferral of compensation by certain eligible members of Woodward s management who irrevocably elected to invest some or all of their deferred compensation in Woodward common stock. In addition, 224 shares of common stock were acquired in August 2021 on the open market related to the reinvestment of dividends for shares of treasury stock held for deferred compensation. Shares owned by the trust, which is a separate legal entity, are included in "Treasury stock held for deferred compensation" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Ite m 6 . 
 
 Reserved 

 22 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 OVERVIEW 
 Woodward enhances the global quality of life and sustainability by optimizing energy use through improved efficiency and lower emissions. We are an independent designer, manufacturer, and service provider of control solutions for the aerospace and industrial markets. We design, produce and service reliable, efficient, low-emission, and high-performance energy control products for diverse applications in challenging environments. We have production and assembly facilities primarily in the United States, Europe and Asia, and promote our products and services through our worldwide locations. 
 Our strategic focus is providing energy control and optimization solutions for the aerospace and industrial markets. The precise and efficient control of energy, including motion, fluid, combustion and electrical energy, is a growing requirement in the markets we serve, and we have developed and are executing on strategies to leverage the macro trends of eliminating greenhouse gases, commercializing space, and accelerating the digital age. To facilitate a cleaner, decarbonized world, we are partnering with our customers to enable their equipment to be more efficient, capable of utilizing clean burning fuels, advancing fuel cells, and the integration of renewable power in both commercial and defense operations. Our core technologies leverage well across our markets and customer applications, enabling us to develop and integrate cost-effective and state-of-the-art fuel, combustion, fluid, actuation and electronic systems. We focus primarily on serving OEMs and equipment packagers, partnering with them to bring superior component and system solutions to their demanding applications. We also provide aftermarket repair, maintenance, replacement and other service support for our installed products. 
 Our components and integrated systems optimize performance of commercial aircraft, defense aircraft, military ground vehicles and other equipment, gas and steam turbines, industrial diesel, gas, bio-diesel and dual-fuel reciprocating engines, and electrical power systems. Our innovative motion, fluid, combustion and electrical energy control systems help our customers offer more cost-effective, cleaner, and more reliable equipment. 
 Management s discussion and analysis should be read together with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes included in this report. Dollar and number of share amounts contained in this discussion and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are in thousands, except per share amounts. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 to be a global pandemic. The pandemic has led to 
 significant volatility in financial markets, commodities (including oil and gas) and other markets and industries (including the aviation industry) and has negatively affected the business and results of operations of the Company. As the COVID-19 pandemic progressed, we reacted quickly to navigate the uncertain market environment, reduce our cost structure, increase our focus on operational excellence, and prioritize diligent cash management. The aggressive actions we implemented continue to drive strong cash flow, improve our liquidity and overall financial position, and enable greater investment to organically and inorganically grow our business. 
 The ongoing rollout of vaccines across many countries is driving optimism for economic recovery, but the enduring turbulence caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, including significantly reduced global passenger travel and new viral variants continue to cloud near-term forecasts. We are unable to predict the extent to which the pandemic and related impacts will continue to adversely affect our business, including our operational performance, results of operations, financial position, and the achievement of our strategic objectives. 
 We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may potentially take further actions to alter our business operations if we determine such actions are in the best interests of our shareholders, employees, customers, communities, business partners, and suppliers, or as required by federal, state, or local authorities. It is not clear what the potential effects any such alterations or modifications may have on our business in future periods, including the effects on the Company's customers, employees, and prospects, or on our financial results. 
 Divestiture of the Renewables business and related businesses 
 In fiscal year 2020, Woodward s board of directors (the Board approved a plan to divest our renewable power systems business, protective relay business, and other businesses within the Industrial segment (collectively, the disposal group ). The assets of the disposal group were primarily located in Germany, Poland and Bulgaria, and the transactions consummating the sale of the disposal group were completed on April 30, 2020 (the Closing ). Financial information for the disposal group is reflected in our financial statements prior to the date of Closing. 
 23 

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND TRENDS 
 We serve the aerospace and industrial markets. 
 Aerospace Markets 
 Our aerospace products and systems are primarily used to provide propulsion, actuation and motion control in both commercial and defense fixed-wing aircraft, rotorcraft, guided weapons, and other defense systems. 
 Commercial and Civil Aircraft In the commercial aerospace markets, the global COVID-19 pandemic and associated mitigation efforts had a significant impact on global air traffic in fiscal year 2021, reducing total global passenger air miles flown to nearly one-half of 2019 (pre-COVID) levels. Commercial aircraft production, which was reduced in fiscal year 2020 in response to the significant decrease in demand from airlines and aircraft manufacturers, stabilized in fiscal year 2021 and has begun to slowly increase. Reductions in build rates ranging from twenty-five to forty percent of pre-COVID levels were seen in most aircraft models at all aircraft OEMs. As a result of the decline in demand, governments offered various financial support and stimulus to airlines and aircraft manufactures that, in some cases, incentivized the production of more fuel efficient and lower emission aircraft. The trend toward the newer generation of aircraft that have recently entered service or are scheduled to go into production over the next several years favors our product offerings because we have more content on those more fuel efficient and lower emission aircraft. While production levels remain lower than pre-COVID levels, order backlogs have begun to grow with increased new orders and fewer cancellations and deferrals. We expect production levels to remain stable in the short-term and ramp up over the next few years to reach pre-pandemic levels in fiscal year 2023 due to solid order backlogs for the new aircraft models. 
 The business and general aviation market demand was also impacted in fiscal year 2021 as business jet deliveries were down as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and increased availability of used aircraft, which was partially offset by the ramp of some newer models. Turboprop and helicopter deliveries weakened again in fiscal year 2021. We expect business jet, turboprop and helicopter deliveries to improve when economic stability returns and aircraft flight operations recover. 
 We have content on the Airbus A220, A320neo, A330neo, and A380, Bell 429, Boeing 737 MAX, 777, 787, and 747-8. We have been awarded content on the 777X, Comac C919, Irkut MS-21 and a variety of business jet platforms, among others. We continue to explore opportunities on new engine and aircraft programs that are under consideration or have been recently announced. 
 The grounding of the Boeing 737 MAX was lifted by the FAA and other regulators beginning in November 2020, which allowed deliveries of that aircraft to resume in fiscal year 2021. Customer orders resumed as demand for the aircraft began to return during fiscal year 2021. As the aircraft s return to service progresses, we anticipate a large majority of the deliveries missed in fiscal year 2019 and 2020 will be fulfilled in future periods, although at a slower rate than previously estimated. In fiscal year 2021, the return to service of the 737 MAX aircraft in many jurisdictions contributed to positive impacts on OEM sales, while there was continuing unfavorable impact on initial provisioning sales related to the 737 MAX aircraft and CFM LEAP engine. We anticipate a slow recovery of the OEM sales and a slightly better recovery of the initial provisioning sales in fiscal year 2022. However, build rates are expected to improve further in fiscal year 2022 based on announced increased and the anticipated certification of the 737 Max in China. 
 Defense In recent years, the defense industry has been strong as budgetary allocations have generally increased since 2016. The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, which was signed into law in August 2018, resulted in slightly higher levels of funding for both procurement and research and development, and we believe budget increases in recent years will support modest growth in fiscal year 2022, with the exception of our guided tactical weapons programs. Our involvement with a wide variety of defense programs in fixed-wing aircraft, rotorcraft and weapons systems has provided relative stability for our defense market sales, as some newer programs increase (e.g., F-35 Lightning II, KC-46A Tanker, and T-7A Trainer) while some legacy programs are reduced (e.g., F/A-18 E/F Super Hornet and V-22 Osprey). Other programs are relatively steady (e.g., UH-60 Black Hawk and A-64 Apache helicopter programs) and some legacy programs, such as the F-15, will maintain or potentially increase production. Weapons programs for which we have significant sales include the Joint Direct Attack Munition JDAM ), Small Diameter Bomb SDB and AIM-9X guided tactical weapon systems. We expect overall production rates to remain flat or decrease for some of these weapons programs due to anticipated decline in demand, compared to the very strong production rates in recent years. 
 24 

Aftermarket The substantial reduction in global air passenger traffic due to the COVID-19 pandemic , with corresponding reduction in required airliner capacity, significantly impacted o ur commercial aftermarket business in fiscal year 202 1 , as airlines continued to park approximately 25 of the active fleet. Although improving, a irliner capacity is anticipated to remain below 2019 levels until approximately 2023 or later , with single aisle aircraft and domestic flights expected to return to normal volumes sooner than twin aisle and international flights. As airline revenues and profitability continue to be impacted, operators may elect to defer maintenance where possible, which will continue to pressure our aftermarket sales even as capacity recovers. 
 We anticipate newer aerospace platforms, which include cleaner and more reliable systems, and contain more of our products, will be preferred as aircrafts return to service. With the entry into service of the new single aisle aircraft (Boeing 737 MAX and Airbus A320neo), we have seen a significant increase in initial provisioning sales to the operators of these new aircraft. Initial provisioning sales have slowed significantly, however, as airline profitability suffered during the COVID-19 pandemic, although they are anticipated to return as the industry continues to recover. Among legacy aircraft, the A320 family and 737NG will continue to be in demand in current operating fleets, which will support demand for repairs and spare parts for older engine programs remaining in service. 
 Our defense aftermarket was flat during fiscal year 2021 as the combat readiness of existing military programs on which we have content continues to be prioritized by the U.S. Government, even amid troop withdrawals in foreign combat zones. Global conflicts and growing international demand for various other military programs continue to drive demand for operations of defense aircraft, including fighter jets, transports and both utility and attack rotorcraft, supported by our products and systems. Although we expect variability, which is generally attributable to the cycling of various maintenance and upgrade programs, as well as actual usage, our outlook for defense aftermarket is strong. This is due primarily to the service lives of existing military programs being extended and increased demand for repairs and spare parts for older military aircraft programs remaining in service. 
 Industrial Markets 
 Our industrial products are used worldwide in various types of turbine and reciprocating engine-powered equipment, including electric power generation and distribution systems, ships, locomotives, compressors, pumps, and other mobile and industrial machines. 
 Industrial Turbines The demand for industrial gas turbines for power generation, which consists mainly of heavy frames, aero derivatives and steam, declined slightly in fiscal year 2021 due to the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy. Start reliability, fuel flexibility, safety, and part-load efficiency are all key drivers of the turbine market as the conversion from coal to natural gas usage continues, and we believe Woodward continues to be well positioned to meet these market needs on the existing and next generation turbines. We project continued growth as demand for electricity is met through a balance of renewable power sources and newer industrial gas turbines for which Woodward has been awarded increased content. 
 Reciprocating Engines Woodward s key markets for engine control technologies are power generation, transportation (including compressed natural gas CNG and liquified natural gas LNG trucks in Asia, mining, and marine shipping), and oil and gas. We continue to expect the market demand for natural gas trucks to remain favorable over the long-term as the Chinese government continues to implement more stringent emissions standards and encourage natural gas usage under its initiative on air quality improvement. The demand for large reciprocating engines used in marine, oil and gas, and prime power generation applications was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and the drop in oil prices during fiscal year 2021. The demand from internet traffic and data storage is driving demand for data center power generation. We anticipate some continued softening and stabilization of the large reciprocating engine market in fiscal year 2022 due to a more stable market environment. Government emissions requirements across many regions and new engine applications are driving demand for more sophisticated control systems, as is customer demand for improved engine efficiencies and increased reliability. We expect market share gains by our customers and increased scope on the latest generation reciprocating engines as energy policies in some countries encourage the use of CNG, LNG, and other alternative fuels over carbon-rich petroleum fuels, which we expect will drive increased demand for our alternative fuel clean engine control technologies. 
 25 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Financial Highlights 
 Net sales for fiscal year 2021 were 2,245,832, a decrease of 249,833, or 10.0 , from 2,495,665 for the prior fiscal year. Foreign currency exchange rates had a favorable impact on net sales of 36,641 for fiscal year 2021, as compared to the same period of the prior year. There were no sales for the disposal group for fiscal year 2021 as compared to 67,663 for the prior fiscal year, as the disposal group was divested on April 30, 2020. Net sales excluding the disposal group for fiscal year 2020 were 2,428,002. Aerospace segment net sales for the fiscal year 2021 were down 11.7 to 1,404,117, compared to 1,590,963 for the prior fiscal year. Industrial segment net sales for fiscal year 2021 were down 7.0 to 841,715, compared to 904,702 for the prior fiscal year. Industrial segment net sales excluding the disposal group for fiscal year 2020 were 837,040. Foreign currency exchange rates had a favorable impact of 32,734 on Industrial segment net sales for fiscal year 2021 as compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 Net earnings for the fiscal year 2021 were 208,649, or 3.18 per diluted share, compared to 240,395, or 3.74 per diluted share for the prior fiscal year. Adjusted net earnings for the fiscal year 2021 were 212,385 or 3.24, per diluted share and 254,037, or 3.96, per diluted share, for the prior fiscal year. Net earnings excluding the disposal group for fiscal year 2020 were not materially different from reported net earnings for the same period. 
 The effective tax rate in fiscal year 2021 was 15.1 , compared to 14.7 in the prior fiscal year. The adjusted effective tax rate was 15.3 , compared to 17.8 in the prior fiscal year. 
 Earnings before interest and taxes EBIT for the fiscal year 2021 were 278,586, a decrease of 11.8 from 315,928 in the prior fiscal year. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA for the fiscal year 2021 were 408,110, down 8.7 from 447,086 for the prior fiscal year. Adjusted EBIT and adjusted EBITDA for fiscal year 2021 were 283,594 and 413,118, respectively, compared to 343,158 and 474,316, respectively, for the prior fiscal year. 
 Aerospace segment earnings as a percent of segment net sales were 16.7 in fiscal year 2021, compared to 19.5 in the prior fiscal year. Industrial segment earnings as a percent of segment net sales were 12.9 in the fiscal year 2021, compared to 11.1 in the prior fiscal year. Industrial segment earnings excluding the disposal group were 11.6 of Industrial segment net sales for fiscal year 2020. 
 Net sales excluding the disposal group, adjusted net earnings, adjusted earnings per share, EBIT, adjusted EBIT, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, Industrial segment sales excluding the disposal group, and Industrial segment earnings excluding the disposal group are non-U.S. GAAP financial measures. A description of these measures as well as a reconciliation of these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures to the closest U.S. GAAP financial measures can be found under the caption Non-U.S. GAAP Measures in this Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations. 
 Liquidity Highlights 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2021 was 464,669, compared to 349,491 for fiscal year 2020. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 is primarily attributable to the timing of cash payments to suppliers and certain tax payments, as well as improved working capital utilization. This increase was partially offset by the net impact of cash payments for annual bonuses and proceeds from settlement of cross-currency interest rate swaps, each of which occurred in fiscal year 2020, while no such activity occurred in fiscal year 2021. 
 For fiscal year 2021, free cash flow, which we define as net cash flows from operating activities less payments for property, plant and equipment, was 426,980, compared to 302,404 for the fiscal year 2020. The increase in free cash flow for fiscal year 2021 as compared to prior fiscal year is primarily due to effective working capital management and lower payments for property, plant and equipment, partially offset by lower net earnings. Adjusted free cash flow, which we define as free cash flow, plus the proceeds from the sale of real property at our former Duarte, California operations and excluding cash paid for merger and divestiture transaction costs, cash paid for restructuring charges, and net cash proceeds received from settlement of our cross-currency interest rate swaps, was 315,220 for fiscal year 2020. No adjustments were made to free cash flow for fiscal year 2021. Free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow are non-U.S. GAAP financial measures. A description of these measures as well as a reconciliation of these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures to the closest U.S. GAAP financial measures can be found under the caption Non-U.S. GAAP Measures in this Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations. 
 26 

At September 30, 2021 , we held 448,462 in cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash of 1,907 , and had total outstanding debt of 734,850 with additional borrowing availability of 989,039 , net of outstanding letters of credit, under our revolving credit agreement. At September 30, 2021 , we also had additional borrowing capacity of 7,413 under various foreign lines of credit and foreign overdraft facilities. 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Other Selected Financial Data 
 The following table sets forth consolidated statements of earnings data as a percentage of net sales for each period indicated: 

Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

of Net Sales 

of Net Sales 

Net sales 

2,245,832 

100 

2,495,665 

100 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of goods sold 

1,694,774 

75.5 

1,855,422 

74.3 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses 

186,866 

8.3 

217,710 

8.7 

Research and development costs 

117,091 

5.2 

133,134 

5.3 

Impairment of assets sold 

0.0 

37,902 

1.5 

Restructuring charges 

5,008 

0.2 

22,216 

0.9 

Gain on cross-currency interest rate swaps, net 

- 

(30,481 

(1.2 

Interest expense 

34,282 

1.5 

35,811 

1.4 

Interest income 

(1,495 

(0.1 

(1,764 

(0.1 

Other expense (income), net 

(36,493 

(1.6 

(56,166 

(2.3 

Total costs and expenses 

2,000,033 

89.1 

2,213,784 

88.7 

Earnings before income taxes 

245,799 

10.9 

281,881 

11.3 

Income tax expense 

37,150 

1.7 

41,486 

1.7 

Net earnings 

208,649 

9.3 

240,395 

9.6 

Other select financial data: 

September 30, 2021 

September 30, 2020 

Working capital 

1,098,466 

818,533 

Total debt 

734,850 

838,483 

Total stockholders' equity 

2,214,781 

1,992,677 

2021 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 2021 Net Sales Compared to 2020 
 Consolidated net sales for fiscal year 2021 decreased by 249,833, or 10.0 , compared to fiscal year 2020. 
 Details of the changes in consolidated net sales are as follows: 

Consolidated net sales for the year ended September 30, 2020 

2,495,665 

Aerospace volume 

(193,387 

Industrial volume 

(29,125 

Disposal group divestiture impact 

(67,663 

Noncash consideration 

(10,341 

Effects of changes in price and sales mix 

16,042 

Effects of changes in foreign currency rates 

34,641 

Consolidated net sales for the year ended September 30, 2021 

2,245,832 

In the Aerospace segment, the decrease in net sales for fiscal year 2021 as compared to fiscal year 2020 is primarily attributable to a decrease in commercial sales resulting from the secular decline in global passenger traffic and OEM production rates as a result of the global COVID-19 pandemic. In the Industrial segment, the decrease in net sales for fiscal year 2021 as compared to fiscal year 2020 is primarily attributable to the divestiture of the disposal group, and continued weakness in the oil and gas market and the associated aftermarket due to the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by favorable effects of foreign currency exchange rates. 
 During fiscal year 2021, consolidated net sales were negatively impacted by approximately 32,000 due to global supply chain disruptions, which delayed delivery of orders scheduled for shipment during the fiscal year. 
 27 

2021 Costs and Expenses Compared to 2020 
 Cost of goods sold decreased by 160,648 to 1,694,774, or 75.5 of net sales, for fiscal year 2021, from 1,855,422, or 74.3 of net sales, for fiscal year 2020. The decrease in cost of goods sold in fiscal year 2021, as compared to the same period of the prior year, is primarily attributable to lower sales aerospace volume as a result of continued global disruption from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Gross margin (as measured by net sales less cost of goods sold, divided by net sales) was 24.5 for fiscal year 2021, compared to 25.7 for fiscal year 2020. The decrease in gross margin for fiscal year 2021 is primarily attributable to lower aerospace sales volume as a result of global disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 30,844, or 14.2 , to 186,866 for fiscal year 2021, compared to 217,710 for fiscal year 2020. Selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased to 8.3 for fiscal year 2021, compared to 8.7 for fiscal year 2020. The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses, both in dollars and as a percentage of sales, for fiscal year 2021 compared to the same period of the prior year is primarily due to a decrease in certain expenses related to merger and divestiture activities, fees incurred on termination of the cross-currency interest rate swaps and acceleration of stock compensation expense related to restructuring activities, none of which repeated in the current fiscal year. 
 Research and development costs decreased by 16,043, or 12.1 , to 117,091 for fiscal year 2021, as compared to 133,134 for fiscal year 2020. Research and development costs as a percentage of net sales decreased to 5.2 for fiscal year 2021, as compared to 5.3 for fiscal year 2020. The decrease in research and development costs, both in dollars and as a percentage of net sales, for fiscal year 2021 as compared to the same periods of the prior year is primarily due to savings from cost reduction initiatives. Our research and development activities extend across almost all of our customer base, and we anticipate ongoing variability in research and development due to the timing of customer business needs on current and future programs. 
 Impairment of assets sold of 37,902 recognized in fiscal year 2020 related to a non-cash impairment charge for the net assets sold of the disposal group, representing the write down of the associated net assets held for sale to their fair market value as of December 31, 2019. No non-cash impairment charges were recognized during fiscal year 2021. Refer to Note 10, Sale of businesses in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further details. 
 Restructuring charges decreased by 17,208, or 77.5 , to 5,008 for fiscal year 2021, compared to 22,216 for fiscal year 2020. Charges for fiscal year 2021 related primarily to workforce management costs associated with business realignments in the Aerospace and Industrial segments to support growth opportunities, while charges recorded in fiscal year 2020 primarily related to workforce management actions as a result of volume and demand declines due to the global COVID-19 pandemic. All of the restructuring charges in fiscal years 2021 and 2020 were recorded as nonsegment expenses. 
 Gain on cross-currency interest rate swaps, net of 30,481 recognized in fiscal year 2020 related to settlement and termination of our cross-currency interest rate swaps designated in foreign currency hedging relationships. In the third quarter of fiscal year 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and future cash flow uncertainties, we elected to terminate and settle our existing cross-currency interest rate swap derivative instruments. No gains on cross-currency interest rate swaps were recognized during fiscal year 2021. Refer to Note 8, Derivative instruments and hedging activities , in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further details. 
 Interest expense decreased by 1,529, or 4.3 , to 34,282, for fiscal year 2021, compared to 35,811 for fiscal year 2020. Interest expense increased as a percentage of net sales to 1.5 for fiscal year 2021, as compared to 1.4 for fiscal year 2020. During fiscal year 2021, we paid the entire balance of two series of private placement notes totaling 100,000 primarily using free cash flow and proceeds from our revolving credit facility. We did not borrow from the revolving credit facility during the second, third, or fourth quarters of fiscal year 2021. 
 Other income, net was 36,493 for fiscal year 2021, compared to 56,166 for fiscal year 2020. The decrease in other income in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 was primarily due to a gain on the sale of a portion of our property in Duarte, California in the amount of 22,323 and a gain on the sale of our property in Loveland, Colorado in the amount of 2,330 that were each recognized in fiscal year 2020 and did not repeat again in the current fiscal year. 
 Income taxes were provided at an effective rate on earnings before income taxes of 15.1 for fiscal year 2021, compared to 14.7 for fiscal year 2020. 
 28 

The increase in the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 is primarily attributable to i decreased current fiscal year foreign earnings in lower tax jurisdictions when compared to the prior fiscal year, and (ii) decreased Research and Development Credit in the current fiscal year when compared to the prior fiscal year. This increase is partially offset by i a larger favorable net excess income tax benefit from stock-based compensation, (ii) a favorable U.S. current fiscal year state earnings mix when compared to the prior fiscal year, and (iii) a smaller detrimental adjustment to prior period tax items when compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 Segment Results 
 The following table presents sales by segment: 

Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Net sales: 

Aerospace 

1,404,117 

62.5 

1,590,963 

63.7 

Industrial 

841,715 

37.5 

904,702 

36.3 

Consolidated net sales 

2,245,832 

100 

2,495,665 

100 

The following table presents earnings by segment and reconciles segment earnings to consolidated net earnings: 

Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Aerospace 

234,356 

310,137 

Industrial 

108,672 

100,321 

Nonsegment expenses 

(64,442 

(94,530 

Interest expense, net 

(32,787 

(34,047 

Consolidated earnings before income taxes 

245,799 

281,881 

Income tax expense 

37,150 

41,486 

Consolidated net earnings 

208,649 

240,395 

The following table presents segment earnings as a percent of segment net sales: 

Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Aerospace 

16.7 

19.5 

Industrial 

12.9 

11.1 

2021 Segment Results Compared to 2020 
 Aerospace 
 Aerospace segment net sales decreased by 186,846, or 11.7 to 1,404,117 for fiscal year 2021, compared to 1,590,963 for fiscal year 2020. The decrease in segment net sales for fiscal year 2021 as compared to fiscal year 2020 was primarily driven by lower commercial sales due to the substantial reduction in global passenger traffic, reduction in required airliner capacity, and OEM production rates, all as a result of the global COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Defense OEM sales decreased in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020, driven primarily by lower sales for guided weapons and ground transportation. Our defense aftermarket sales decreased in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 primarily due to the timing of U.S. government spending for maintenance needs and upgrade programs on which we have content. Although we expect some ongoing variability in defense aftermarket sales due to the global COVID-19 pandemic and the timing of continued maintenance needs and upgrade programs, we expect U.S. government funding for defense platforms on which we have content to remain stable under the current defense budget. 
 During fiscal year 2021, Aerospace segment net sales were negatively impacted by approximately 16,000 due to global supply chain disruptions, which delayed delivery of orders scheduled for shipment during the fiscal year. 
 29 

Aerospace segment earnings decreased by 75,781 , or 24.4 , to 234,356 for fiscal year 2021 , compared to 310,137 for fiscal year 2020 . 
 The net decrease in Aerospace segment earnings for fiscal year 2021 was due to the following: 

Earnings for the period ended September 30, 2020 

310,137 

Sales volume 

(94,353 

Price, sales mix and productivity 

(18,016 

Savings from cost reduction initiatives 

22,069 

Other, net 

14,519 

Earnings for the period ended September 30, 2021 

234,356 

Aerospace segment earnings as a percentage of segment net sales were 16.7 for fiscal year 2021 and 19.5 fiscal year 2020. Aerospace segment earnings in fiscal year 2021 decreased primarily due to lower sales volume, including a significant decline in commercial aftermarket, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by savings from cost reduction initiatives. 
 Industrial 
 Industrial segment net sales decreased by 62,987, or 7.0 , to 841,715 for fiscal year 2021, compared to 904,702 for fiscal year 2020. Industrial segment net sales for fiscal year 2021 were relatively flat compared to Industrial segment net sales excluding the disposal group of 837,039 for fiscal year 2020. There were no sales for the disposal group in fiscal year 2021 because the divestiture of the disposal group preceded the period. Foreign currency exchange rates had a favorable impact on segment net sales of 32,734 for fiscal year 2021. 
 The decrease in Industrial segment net sales in fiscal year 2021 was primarily attributable to the divestiture of the disposal group, and lower sales volumes as a result the ongoing impacts of the global COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by favorable effects of foreign currency exchange rates. 
 The demand for diesel fuel systems was negatively impacted by a softening of the oil and gas market amid a recovering global economy, pricing volatility and decreased capital investments related to reduced drilling activity, particularly within the North American fracking market. 
 Although there was a slight decline in industrial gas turbine sales in fiscal year 2021 as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the market is anticipated to stabilize during fiscal year 2022 as global power demand increases and domestic upgrade initiatives transition from planning to execution. We expect Industrial gas turbine sales to benefit from the depletion of inventory in the market and increased Woodward content on certain newer industrial gas turbines. 
 During fiscal year 2021, Industrial segment net sales were negatively impacted by approximately 16,000 due to global supply chain disruptions, which delayed delivery of orders scheduled for shipment during the fiscal year. 
 Industrial segment earnings increased by 8,351, or 8.3 , to 108,672 for fiscal year 2021, compared to 100,321 for fiscal year 2020. There were no earnings for the disposal group in fiscal year 2021 because the divestiture of the disposal group preceded the period. Industrial segment earnings excluding the disposal group for fiscal year 2020 were 96,719. 
 The net increase in Industrial segment earnings for fiscal year 2021 was due to the following: 

Earnings for the period ended September 30, 2020 

100,321 

Sales volume 

(21,400 

Price, sales mix and productivity 

(1,180 

Research and development costs 

4,831 

Savings from cost reduction initiatives 

15,427 

Effects of changes in foreign currency rates 

6,024 

Other, net 

4,649 

Earnings for the period ended September 30, 2021 

108,672 

Industrial segment earnings as a percentage of segment net sales were 12.9 for fiscal year 2021, compared to 11.1 for fiscal year 2020. Industrial segment earnings as a percentage of segment net sales, excluding the disposal group, were 11.6 for fiscal year 2020. The increase in Industrial segment earnings for fiscal year 2021 was primarily due to savings from cost reduction initiatives, favorable effects from changes in foreign currency rates, and lower research and development costs, partially offset by lower sales volume. 
 30 

Nonsegment 
 Nonsegment expenses decreased to 64,442 for fiscal year 2021, compared to 94,530 for fiscal year 2020. Included in nonsegment expenses for fiscal year 2021 was a restructuring charge of 5,008. Included in nonsegment expenses for fiscal year 2020 were the impairment charge on assets held for sale associated with the divestiture of the disposal group in the amount of 37,902, restructuring charges of 22,216, and merger and divestiture transaction costs of 16,355, partially offset by the net gain on settlement of our cross-currency interest rate swaps of 27,481, and a gain on the sale of a portion of our property in Duarte, California in the amount of 22,323. Excluding all of these charges and gains from each of fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2020, nonsegment expenses decreased in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 primarily due to savings from cost reduction initiatives. 
 For a discussion of the 2020 Results of Operations, including a discussion of the financial results for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, refer to Part I, Item 7 of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 20, 2020. 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Historically, we have satisfied our working capital needs, as well as capital expenditures, product development and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations, with cash flow provided by operating activities and borrowings under our credit facilities. We have also issued debt to supplement our cash needs, repay our other indebtedness, or finance our acquisitions. We expect that cash generated from our operating activities, together with borrowings under our revolving credit facility and other borrowing capacity, will be sufficient to fund our continuing operating needs, including capital expansion funding for the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. 
 Our aggregate cash and cash equivalents were 448,462 at September 30, 2021 and 153,270 at September 30, 2020, and our working capital was 1,098,466 at September 30, 2021 and 818,533 at September 30, 2020. Of the cash and cash equivalents held at September 30, 2021, 172,761 was held by our foreign locations. We are not presently aware of any significant restrictions on the repatriation of these funds, although a portion is considered indefinitely reinvested in these foreign subsidiaries. If these funds were needed to fund our operations or satisfy obligations in the United States, then they could be repatriated and their repatriation into the United States may cause us to incur additional U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes. Any additional U.S. taxes could be offset, in part or in whole, by foreign tax credits. The amount of such taxes and application of tax credits would be dependent on the income tax laws and other circumstances at the time these amounts are repatriated. Based on these variables, it is impractical to determine the income tax liability that might be incurred if these funds were to be repatriated. 
 Our revolving credit facility, as amended, provides a borrowing capacity of up to 1,000,000 with the option to increase total available borrowings to up to 1,500,000, subject to lenders participation. We can borrow against our revolving credit facility as long as we are in compliance with all of our debt covenants. Borrowings under the revolving credit facility can be made in U.S. dollars or in foreign currencies other than the U.S. dollar provided that the U.S. dollar equivalent of any foreign currency borrowings and U.S. dollar borrowings does not, in total, exceed the borrowing capacity of the revolving credit facility. Historically, we have used borrowings under our revolving credit facilities to meet certain short-term working capital needs, as well as for strategic uses, including repurchases of our common stock, payments of dividends, acquisitions, and facility expansions. 
 In addition to our revolving credit facility, we have various foreign credit facilities, some of which are tied to net amounts on deposit at certain foreign financial institutions. These foreign credit facilities are reviewed annually for renewal. We use borrowings under these foreign credit facilities to finance certain local operations on a periodic basis. For further discussion of our revolving credit facility and our other credit facilities, see Note 15, Credit facilities, short-term borrowings and long-term debt in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 At September 30, 2021, we had total outstanding debt of 734,850 consisting of various series of unsecured notes due between 2023 and 2033, and amounts borrowed under our revolving credit facility, and our finance leases. On November 15, 2020, we paid the entire principal balance of 100,000 on our Series G and J Notes using primarily free cash flow and proceeds from borrowings under our existing revolving credit facility. At September 30, 2021, we had additional borrowing availability of 989,039 under our revolving credit facility, net of outstanding letters of credit, and additional borrowing availability of 7,413 under various foreign credit facilities. 
 31 

At September 30, 2021 , we had no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. Revolving credit facility and short-term borrowing activity during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 were as follows: 

Maximum daily balance during the period 

20,100 

Average daily balance during the period 

716 

Weighted average interest rate on average daily balance 

1.26 

We believe we were in compliance with all our debt covenants as of September 30, 2021. Additionally, we believe the current known impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic will not affect our ability to remain in compliance with our debt covenants. See Note 15, Credit facilities, short-term borrowings and long-term debt in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, for more information about our covenants. 
 In addition to utilizing our cash resources to fund the working capital needs of our business, we evaluate additional strategic uses of our funds, including the repurchase of our common stock, payment of dividends, significant capital expenditures, consideration of strategic acquisitions and other potential uses of cash. 
 Our ability to service our long-term debt, to remain in compliance with the various restrictions and covenants contained in our debt agreements, and to fund working capital, capital expenditures and product development efforts will depend on our ability to generate cash from operating activities, which in turn is subject to, among other things, future operating performance as well as general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other conditions, some of which may be beyond our control. 
 We believe that cash flows from operations, along with our contractually committed borrowings and other borrowing capability, will continue to be sufficient to fund anticipated capital spending requirements and our operations for the foreseeable future. However, we could be adversely affected if the financial institutions providing our capital requirements refuse to honor their contractual commitments, cease lending, or declare bankruptcy. We believe the lending institutions participating in our credit arrangements are financially stable and do not currently foresee adverse impacts to financial institutions providing our capital requirements as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Cash Flows 

Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

464,669 

349,491 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(35,297 

(6,880 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(136,318 

(290,242 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

2,138 

1,828 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

295,192 

54,197 

Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, at beginning of year 

153,270 

99,073 

Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, at end of year 

448,462 

153,270 

2021 Cash Flows Compared to 2020 
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2021 was 464,669, compared to 349,491 for fiscal year 2020. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 is primarily attributable to the timing of certain cash payments to suppliers and certain tax payments, as well as cash payments for annual bonuses and proceeds from settlement of cross-currency interest rate swaps, which occurred in fiscal year 2020, while no such activity occurred in fiscal year 2021. 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities for fiscal year 2021 was 35,297, compared to 6,880 in fiscal year 2020. The increase in cash used in investing activities in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 is primarily due to proceeds in the amount of 30,089 from the sale of a parcel of our Duarte, California real property and proceeds in the amount of 10,443 from divestiture of the disposal group, each of which were recognized in fiscal year 2020, while no such proceeds were received in fiscal year 2021, partially offset by lower payments for property, plant, and equipment. 
 Net cash flows used in financing activities for fiscal year 2021 was 136,318, compared to net cash flows used in financing activities of 290,242 in fiscal year 2020. During fiscal year 2021, we had net debt payments in the amount of 101,639, compared to net debt payments in the amount of 264,201 in fiscal year 2020. This was partially offset by an increase in share repurchases in fiscal year 2021, in which we repurchased 294 shares of our common stock in cash for 33,344, compared to fiscal year 2020, in which we repurchased 124 shares of our common stock for 13,346. 
 32 

New Accounting Standards 
 From time to time, the FASB or other standards-setting bodies issue new accounting pronouncements. Updates to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification are communicated through issuance of an Accounting Standards Update. 
 To understand the impact of recently issued guidance, whether adopted or to be adopted, please review the information provided in Note 2, New accounting standards , in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Unless otherwise discussed, we believe that the impact of recently issued guidance, whether adopted or to be adopted in the future, is not expected to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements upon adoption. 
 Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted net earnings, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted effective tax rate, Industrial segment net sales excluding the disposal group, Industrial segment earnings excluding the disposal group, EBIT, adjusted EBIT, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow, and adjusted free cash flow are financial measures not prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, we believe these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures provide additional information that enables readers to evaluate our business from the perspective of management. 
 Industrial segment net sales excluding the disposal group 
 The Company presents certain sales measures excluding the disposal group net sales, which it refers to as excluding the disposal group to show the changes to Woodward s historical business without the businesses included in the disposal group, which occurred in April 2020. The Company calculates Industrial segment net sales excluding net sales attributable to the disposal group by removing the net sales of its disposal group from the net sales of its Industrial segment. The Company believes that the exclusion of the disposal group net sales for the prior fiscal year illustrates more clearly how the underlying business of its Industrial segment is performing in the current fiscal year, as the disposal group sales are no longer related to the ongoing operations of the Industrial segment business. The Company s calculation of Industrial segment earnings and Industrial segment earnings excluding the disposal group is discussed below. 
 The reconciliation of Industrial segment net sales to Industrial segment net sales excluding the disposal group is shown in the table below: 

Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Industrial segment net sales (U.S. GAAP) 

841,715 

904,702 

Disposal group net sales 

(67,663 

Industrial segment net sales excluding the disposal group (Non-U.S. GAAP) 

841,715 

837,039 

Earnings based non-U.S. GAAP financial measures 
 Adjusted net earnings is defined by the Company as net earnings excluding, as applicable, (i) the gain on sale of assets associated with the sale of the Company s real property, (ii) the charge from the impairment of assets held for sale, and the losses from assets sold, associated with the Company s divestiture of the disposal group, (iii) costs associated with the now-terminated merger agreement with Hexcel, (iv) transaction costs associated with the divestiture of the disposal group, (v) restructuring charges, (vi) acceleration of stock compensation expense related to restructuring activities, and (vii) the net gain on settlement of cross-currency interest rate swaps. 
 The Company believes that these excluded items are short-term in nature, not directly related to the ongoing operations of the business and therefore, the exclusion of them illustrates more clearly how the underlying business of Woodward is performing. Management uses adjusted net earnings to evaluate the Company s performance excluding these infrequent or unusual period expenses that are not necessarily indicative of the Company s operating performance for the period. Management defines adjusted earnings per share as adjusted net earnings, as defined above, divided by the weighted-average number of diluted shares of common stock outstanding for the period. Management uses both adjusted net earnings and adjusted earnings per share when comparing operating performance to other periods which may not have similar infrequent or unusual charges. 
 33 

The reconciliation of net earnings and earnings per share to adjusted net earnings and adjusted earnings per share, respectively, for the fiscal years ended and are shown in the tables below. 

Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Net Earnings 

Earnings Per 
 Share 

Net Earnings 

Earnings Per 
 Share 

Net earnings (U.S. GAAP) 

208,649 

3.18 

240,395 

3.74 

Non-U.S. GAAP adjustments: 

Gain on sale of properties, net of tax 

(18,551 

(0.29 

Impairment from assets sold, net of tax 

28,016 

0.44 

Merger and divestiture transaction costs, net of tax 

12,307 

0.19 

Restructuring charges, net of tax 

3,736 

0.06 

16,621 

0.26 

Loss on sale of disposal group, net of tax 

365 

0.01 

Acceleration of stock compensation, net of tax 

1,788 

0.03 

Net gain on cross-currency interest rate swaps, net of tax 

(26,904 

(0.42 

Total non-U.S. GAAP adjustments 

3,736 

0.06 

13,642 

0.22 

Adjusted net earnings (Non-U.S. GAAP) 

212,385 

3.24 

254,037 

3.96 

Industrial segment earnings excluding the disposal group 
 The Company also presents certain earnings measures excluding the disposal group for the prior year period to more clearly show how the underlying business of its Industrial segment is performing in the current period. Industrial segment earnings excluding the disposal group is defined by the Company as Industrial segment earnings excluding the earnings or losses related to businesses included in the disposal group. The Company believes that these earnings or losses are no longer related to the ongoing operations of the Industrial segment business and therefore, the exclusion of these earnings illustrates more clearly how the underlying business of Woodward s Industrial segment is performing. Industrial segment earnings excluding the disposal group as a percentage of Industrial segment net sales excluding the disposal group is defined by management as the percentage of segment earnings compared to segment net sales excluding the earnings (or losses) and net sales related to businesses included in the disposal group. 
 The reconciliation of Industrial segment earnings to Industrial segment earnings excluding the disposal group is shown in the table below. 

Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Industrial segment earnings (U.S. GAAP) 

108,672 

100,321 

Disposal group earnings 

(3,602 

Adjusted Industrial segment earnings excluding disposal group (Non-U.S. GAAP) 

108,672 

96,719 

Management uses EBIT to evaluate Woodward s performance without financing and tax related considerations, as these elements may not fluctuate with operating results. Management uses EBITDA in evaluating Woodward s operating performance, making business decisions, including developing budgets, managing expenditures, forecasting future periods, and evaluating capital structure impacts of various strategic scenarios. Securities analysts, investors and others frequently use EBIT and EBITDA in their evaluation of companies, particularly those with significant property, plant, and equipment, and intangible assets subject to amortization. The Company believes that EBIT and EBITDA are useful measures to the investor when measuring operating performance as they eliminate the impact of financing and tax expenses, which are non-operating expenses and may be driven by factors outside of our operations, such as changes in tax laws or regulations, and, in the case of EBITDA, the noncash charges associated with depreciation and amortization. Further, as interest from financing, income taxes, depreciation and amortization can vary dramatically between companies and between periods, management believes that the removal of these items can improve comparability. 
 Adjusted EBIT and adjusted EBITDA represent further non-U.S. GAAP adjustments to EBIT and EBITDA, in each case adjusted to exclude, as applicable, (i) the gain on sale of assets associated with the sale of the Company s real property, (ii) the charge from the impairment of assets held for sale, and the losses from assets sold, associated with the Company s divestiture of the disposal group, (iii) costs associated with the now-terminated merger agreement with Hexcel, (iv) transaction costs associated with the divestiture of the disposal group, (v) restructuring charges related to the COVID-19 pandemic, (vi) acceleration of stock compensation expense related to restructuring activities, and (vii) the net gain on settlement of cross-currency interest rate swaps. 
 34 

As these gains and charges are infrequent or unusual items that can be variable from period to period and do not fluctuate with operating results, management believes that by removing these gains and charges from EBIT and EBITDA it improves comparability of past, present and future operating results and provides consistency when comparing EBIT and EBITDA between periods. 
 EBIT and adjusted EBIT reconciled to net earnings were as follows: 

Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Net earnings (U.S. GAAP) 

208,649 

240,395 

Income tax expense 

37,150 

41,486 

Interest expense 

34,282 

35,811 

Interest income 

(1,495 

(1,764 

EBIT (Non-U.S. GAAP) 

278,586 

315,928 

Non-U.S. GAAP adjustments: 

Gain on sale of properties 

(24,653 

Impairment from assets sold 

37,902 

Merger and divestiture transaction costs 

16,355 

Restructuring charges 

5,008 

22,216 

Loss on sale of disposal group 

515 

Acceleration of stock compensation 

2,376 

Net gain on cross-currency interest rate swaps 

(27,481 

Total non-U.S. GAAP adjustments 

5,008 

27,230 

Adjusted EBIT (Non-U.S. GAAP) 

283,594 

343,158 

EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA reconciled to net earnings were as follows: 

Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Net earnings (U.S. GAAP) 

208,649 

240,395 

Income tax expense 

37,150 

41,486 

Interest expense 

34,282 

35,811 

Interest income 

(1,495 

(1,764 

Amortization of intangible assets 

41,893 

39,458 

Depreciation expense 

87,631 

91,700 

EBITDA (Non-U.S. GAAP) 

408,110 

447,086 

Non-U.S. GAAP adjustments: 

Gain on sale of properties 

(24,653 

Impairment from assets sold 

37,902 

Merger and divestiture transaction costs 

16,355 

Restructuring charges 

5,008 

22,216 

Loss on sale of disposal group 

515 

Acceleration of stock compensation 

2,376 

Net gain on cross-currency interest rate swaps 

(27,481 

Total non-U.S. GAAP adjustments 

5,008 

27,230 

Adjusted EBITDA (Non-U.S. GAAP) 

413,118 

474,316 

The use of these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share, adjusted effective tax rate, Industrial segment sales excluding the disposal group, Industrial segment earnings excluding the disposal group, EBIT, adjusted EBIT, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA exclude certain financial information compared with net earnings, the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure, users of this financial information should consider the information that is excluded. Our calculations of adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share, Industrial segment sales excluding the disposal group, Industrial segment earnings excluding the disposal group, EBIT, adjusted EBIT, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA may differ from similarly titled measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 35 

Cash flow-based non-U.S. GAAP financial measures 
 Management uses free cash flow, which is defined by the Company as net cash flows provided by operating activities less payments for property, plant and equipment, in reviewing the financial performance of and cash generation by Woodward s various business groups and evaluating cash levels. We believe free cash flow is a useful measure for investors because it portrays our ability to grow organically and generate cash from our businesses for purposes such as paying interest on our indebtedness, repaying maturing debt, funding business acquisitions, investing in research and development, purchasing our common stock, and paying dividends. In addition, securities analysts, investors, and others frequently use free cash flow in their evaluation of companies. 
 Adjusted free cash flow includes additional non-U.S. GAAP adjustments to free cash flow in the prior fiscal year to include cash proceeds from the sale of real property located at our former operations in Duarte, California, and exclude cash paid for merger and divestiture related transaction costs, cash paid for restructuring charges, and cash proceeds received on settlement of our cross-currency interest rate swaps. Management believes that by including or excluding these items, as applicable, in free cash flow it better portrays the cash impact of our fiscal year 2018 decision to relocate our Duarte, California operations to the renovated Drake Campus in Fort Collins, Colorado and excludes the infrequent or unusual cash payments for merger and divestiture transaction costs, restructuring charges, and proceeds from settlement of derivative instruments, which are not indicative of the Company s operating performance for the period. 
 The use of these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation of, or as substitutes for, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow do not necessarily represent funds available for discretionary use and are not necessarily a measure of our ability to fund our cash needs. Our calculation of free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow may differ from similarly titled measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 Free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow were as follows: 

Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by operating activities (U.S. GAAP) 

464,669 

349,491 

Payments for property, plant and equipment 

(37,689 

(47,087 

Free cash flow (Non-U.S. GAAP) 

426,980 

302,404 

Cash proceeds from the sale of the Duarte facility 

30,089 

Cash paid for merger and divestiture transaction costs 

19,853 

Cash paid for restructuring charges 

18,065 

Net cash proceeds from cross-currency interest rate swaps 

(55,191 

Adjusted free cash flow (Non-U.S. GAAP) 

426,980 

315,220 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Note 1, Operations and summary of significant accounting policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The estimates and assumptions described below are those that we consider to be most critical to an understanding of our financial statements because they involve significant judgments and uncertainties. All of these estimates reflect our best judgment about current, and for some estimates, future economic and market conditions and their effects based on information available as of the date of these financial statements. As estimates are updated or actual amounts are known, our critical accounting estimates are revised, and operating results may be affected by the revised estimates. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, and the Audit Committee has reviewed our disclosures in this Management s Discussion and Analysis. 
 36 

Revenue recognition 
 Revenue is recognized on contracts with customers for arrangements in which quantities and pricing are fixed and/or determinable and are generally based on customer purchase orders, often within the framework of a long-term supply arrangement with the customer. We recognize revenue for performance obligations within a customer contract when control of the associated product or service is transferred to the customer. Some of our contracts with customers contain a single performance obligation, while other contracts contain multiple performance obligations. Each product within a contract generally represents a separate performance obligation as we do not provide significant installation and integration services, the products do not customize each other, and the products can function independently of each other. 
 A contract's transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the customer obtains control of the associated product or service. When there are multiple performance obligations within a contract, we generally use the observable standalone sales price for each distinct product or service within the contract to allocate the transaction price to the distinct products or services. In instances when a standalone sales price for each product or service is not observable within the contract, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation using an estimate of the standalone selling price for each product or service, which is generally based on incurred costs plus a reasonable margin, for each distinct product or service in the contract. 
 When determining the transaction price of each contract, we consider contractual consideration payable by the customer and variable consideration that may affect the total transaction price. Variable consideration, consisting of early payment discounts, rebates and other sources of price variability, are included in the estimated transaction price based on both customer-specific information as well as historical experience. We regularly review our estimates of variable consideration on the transaction price and recognize changes in estimates on a cumulative catch-up basis as if the most current estimate of the transaction price adjusted for variable consideration had been known as of the inception of the contract. 
 Point in time and over time revenue recognition 
 Control of the products generally transfers to the customer at a point in time, as the customer does not control the products as they are produced. We exercise judgment and consider the timing of right of payment, transfer of the risk and rewards, transfers of title, transfer of physical possession, and customer acceptance when determining when control of the product transfers to the customer, generally upon shipment of products. Performance obligations are satisfied and revenue is recognized over time if: (i) the customer receives the benefits as we perform work, if the customer controls the asset as it is being enhanced, or if the product being produced for the customer has no alternative use to us and (ii) we have an enforceable right to payment with a profit. When services are provided, revenue from those services is recognized over time because control is transferred continuously to customers as we perform the work. 
 For services that are not short-term in nature, manufacturing, repair and overhaul MRO ), and sales of products that have no alternative use to us and an enforceable right to payment with a profit, we use an actual cost input measure to determine the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. For these revenue streams, revenue is recognized over time as work is performed based on the relationship between actual costs incurred to-date for each contract and the total estimated costs for such contract at completion of the performance obligation (the cost-to-cost method). We have concluded that this measure of progress best depicts the transfer of assets to the customer, because incurred costs are integral to our completion of the performance obligation under the specific customer contract and correlate directly to the transfer of control to the customer. Contract costs include labor, material and overhead. Contract cost estimates are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events. These assumptions include labor productivity and availability the complexity of the work to be performed the cost and availability of materials the performance of subcontractors and the availability and timing of funding from the customer. Revenues, including estimated fees or profits, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. 
 Inventory 
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Inventory cost is determined using methods that approximate the first-in, first-out basis. We include product costs, labor and related fixed and variable overhead in the cost of inventories. Inventory net realizable values are determined by giving substantial consideration to the expected product selling price. We estimate expected selling prices based on our historical recovery rates, general economic and market conditions, the expected channel of disposition, and current customer contracts and preferences. Actual results may differ from our estimates due to changes in resale or market value and the mix of these factors. 
 37 

We monitor inventory for events or circumstances, such as negative margins, recent sales history suggesting lower sales value, or changes in customer preferences, which would indicate the net realizable value of inventory is less than the carrying value of inventory, and management records adjustments as necessary. When inventory is written down below cost, such reduced amount is considered the cost for subsequent accounting purposes. Our recording of inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value has not historically required material adjustments once initially established. 
 The carrying value of inventory was 419,971 at September 30, 2021 and 437,943 at September 30, 2020. If economic conditions, customer product requirements, or other factors significantly reduce future customer demand for our products from forecast levels, then future adjustments to the carrying value of inventory may become necessary. We attempt to maintain inventory quantities at levels considered necessary to fill firm and expected orders in a reasonable time frame, which we believe mitigates our exposure to future inventory carrying cost adjustments. 
 Reviews for impairment of goodwill and other indefinitely lived intangible assets 
 Goodwill 
 At September 30, 2021, we had 805,333 of goodwill representing 20 of our total assets. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the fair value of a reporting unit may be below its carrying amount. 
 The identification of reporting units and consideration of the aggregation of components into a single reporting unit under U.S. GAAP requires management judgment. The impairment test consists of comparing the fair value of reporting units, determined using discounted cash flows, with their carrying amount including goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we compare the implied fair value of goodwill with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill, an impairment loss would be recognized to reduce the carrying amount to its implied fair value. 
 During the fourth quarter, we completed our annual goodwill impairment test as of July 31, 2021 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. The results of our annual goodwill impairment test performed as of July 31, 2021, indicated the estimated fair value of each reporting unit was in excess of its carrying value, and accordingly, no impairment existed. 
 Indefinitely lived intangible asset 
 We have one indefinitely lived intangible asset consisting of the Woodward L Orange trade name. At September 30, 2021, the carrying value of the Woodward L Orange trade name intangible asset was 67,245, representing 2 of our total assets. The Woodward L Orange trade name intangible asset is tested for impairment on an annual basis and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the fair value of the Woodward L Orange intangible asset may be below its carrying amount. The impairment test consists of comparing the fair value of the Woodward L Orange trade name intangible asset, determined using discounted cash flows based on the relief from royalty method under the income approach, with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the Woodward L Orange trade name intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss would be recognized to reduce the carrying amount to its fair value. Woodward has not recorded any impairment charges associated with the indefinitely lived intangible asset. 
 During the fourth quarter, we completed the annual impairment test, for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, of the Woodward L Orange trade name intangible asset as of July 31, 2021. The results of the annual impairment test performed as of July 31, 2021 indicated the estimated fair value of the Woodward L Orange trade name intangible asset was in excess of its carrying value, and accordingly, no impairment existed. 
 As part of our ongoing monitoring efforts to assess goodwill and the Woodward L Orange trade name indefinite lived asset for possible indications of impairment, we will continue to consider a wide variety of factors, including but not limited to the global economic environment and its potential impact on our business. There can be no assurance that our estimates and assumptions regarding forecasted cash flows of certain reporting units or the Woodward L Orange business, the current economic environment, or the other inputs used in forecasting the present value of forecasted cash flows will prove to be accurate projections of future performance. 
 38 

Income taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. 
 During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We establish reserves for tax-related uncertainties based on estimates of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. The reserves are established when we believe that certain positions are likely to be challenged and may not be fully sustained on review by tax authorities. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or refinement of an estimate. Although we believe our reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will be consistent with what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the current provision for income taxes. 
 Significant judgment is also required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. The determination of the amount of valuation allowance to be provided on recorded deferred tax assets involves estimates regarding the timing and amount of the reversal of taxable temporary differences, expected future taxable income, and the impact of tax planning strategies. A valuation allowance is established to offset any deferred tax assets if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income, and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. Changes in the relevant facts can significantly impact the judgment or need for valuation allowances. In the event we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. 
 Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be affected by earnings that are different than those anticipated in countries which have lower or higher tax rates by transfer pricing adjustments and/or changes in tax laws, regulations, and accounting principles, including accounting for uncertain tax positions, or interpretations thereof. There can be no assurance that these items will remain stable over time. Additionally, Woodward records through income tax expense all future excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies from stock options exercised. This creates unpredictable volatility in the effective tax rate because the additional expense or benefit recognized each quarter is based on the timing of the employee s election to exercise any vested stock options outstanding, which is outside Woodward s control, and the market price of Woodward s shares at the time of exercise, which is subject to market volatility. 
 Our effective tax rates differ from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to the tax impact of foreign operations, adjustments of valuation allowances, research tax credits, state taxes, and tax audit settlements. In addition to potential local country tax law and policy changes that could impact the provision for income taxes, management s judgment about and intentions concerning the repatriation of foreign earnings could also significantly impact the provision for income taxes. Management reassesses its judgment regularly, taking into consideration the potential tax impacts of these judgments and intentions. 
 39 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 In the normal course of business, we have exposures to interest rate risk from our long-term and short-term debt, and our postretirement benefit plans, and foreign currency exchange rate risk related to our foreign operations and foreign currency transactions. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk, Interest Rate Risk, and Related Hedging Activities 
 We are impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates when we sell product in currencies different from the currency in which product and manufacturing costs were incurred. The functional currencies and our purchasing and sales activities primarily include USD, EUR, RMB, JPY and GBP. We may also be impacted by changes in the relative buying power of our customers, which may impact sales volumes either positively or negatively. As these currencies fluctuate against each other, and other currencies, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk on sales, purchasing transactions, and labor. Foreign currency exchange rate risk is reduced through the maintenance of local production facilities in the markets we serve, which we believe creates a natural hedge to our foreign currency exchange rate exposure. 
 The percentages of our net sales denominated in a currency other than the USD were as follows: 

For the Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Functional currency: 

EUR 

14.2 

14.7 

RMB 

8.0 

6.8 

JPY 

1.3 

1.7 

GBP 

2.6 

2.2 

All other foreign currencies 

1.5 

1.3 

27.6 

26.7 

Currency exchange rates vary daily and often one currency strengthens against the USD while another currency weakens. Because of the complex interrelationship of our worldwide supply chains and distribution channels, it is difficult to quantify the impact of a particular change in exchange rates. 
 We use derivative instruments as risk management tools that involve complexity and are not used for trading or speculative purposes. From time to time, we will enter into a foreign currency exchange rate contract to hedge against changes in foreign currency exchange rates on liabilities expected to be settled at a future date. Market risk arises from the potential adverse effects on the value of derivative instruments that result from a change in foreign currency exchange rates. We minimize this market risk by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types of, and degree to which we enter into, derivative instruments. We enter into derivative instruments for risk management purposes only. We do not enter into or issue derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had no open foreign currency exchange rate contracts and all previous exchange rate derivative instruments were settled or terminated. 
 For more information on derivative instruments, see Note 8, Derivative instruments and hedging activities , in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Our reported financial results of operations, including the reported value of our assets and liabilities, are also impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The assets and liabilities of substantially all of our subsidiaries outside the United States are translated at period end rates of exchange for each reporting period. Earnings and cash flow statements are translated at weighted-average rates of exchange. Although these translation changes have no immediate cash impact, the translation changes may impact future borrowing capacity, debt covenants, and the overall value of our net assets. In addition, we also have assets and liabilities, specifically accounts receivable, accounts payable and current inter-company receivables and payables, whose carrying amounts approximate their fair value, which are denominated in currencies other than their relevant functional currencies. Foreign currency exchange rate risk is mitigated through several means, including the invoicing of customers in the same currency as the source of the products, and the prompt settlement of inter-company balances utilizing a global netting system. 
 40 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Woodward, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Woodward, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive earnings, shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 41 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Intangible Assets, net Trade name Refer to Notes 1 and 14 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company has one indefinitely lived intangible asset consisting of the Woodward L Orange trade name trade name ). As of September 30, 2021, the carrying value of the trade name is 67.2 million. The trade name is tested for impairment on an annual basis and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the fair value of the trade name may be below its carrying amount. The Company completed its annual impairment test of the trade name as of July 31, 2021. The results of impairment test indicated the estimated fair value of the trade name was in excess of its carrying value and, accordingly, no impairment existed. 
 The fair value of the trade name was determined using discounted cash flows based on the relief from royalty method under the income approach. This method incorporates various estimates and assumptions, the most significant being projected revenue growth rates, royalty rates and the present value of the forecasted cash flows based on the discount rate and terminal growth rate. The Company projects revenue growth rates and cash flows based on Woodward L Orange s current operational results, expected performance and operational strategies over a five-year period. These projections are adjusted to reflect current economic conditions and demand for certain products and require considerable management judgment. Changes in these estimates and assumptions can have a significant impact on the fair value. 
 We identified the fair value of the trade name as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments and assumptions management makes related to the projection of revenue growth rates and the selection of the discount rate, terminal growth rate and royalty rate. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s projection of revenue growth rates and selection of the discount rate, terminal growth rate and royalty rate. 
 42 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the projection of revenue growth rates and selection of the discount rate, terminal growth rate, and royalty rate used in determining the fair value of the trade name included the following, among others: 

We tested the effectiveness of controls over the fair value of the trade name, including those over the projection of revenue growth rates and the selection of the discount rate, terminal growth rate and royalty rate. 

With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rate, terminal growth rate, and royalty rate by: 

Testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rate, terminal growth rate and royalty rate and recalculating the mathematical accuracy of management s calculation of the discount rate 

Developing a range of independent estimates over the discount rate and terminal growth rate and comparing those to the discount and terminal growth rates selected by management 

Comparing the royalty rate from comparable licensing agreements to the rate selected by management 

Searching for any events which could adversely impact the fair value of the brand 

We evaluated the reasonableness of management s projected revenue growth rates by: 

Comparing management s projections to: 

Historical revenue results for Woodward L Orange 

Internal communications to management and the board of directors 

Analyst and industry reports 

Peer company forecasts 

Considering the impact of changes in management s projections from the July 31, 2021, annual assessment date to September 30, 2021 by comparing actual results for the period to management projections within the original valuation model. 

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 Denver, Colorado 
 November 19, 2021 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2008. 
 
 43 

WOODWARD, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net sales 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of goods sold 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Research and development costs 

Impairment of assets sold 

Restructuring charges 

Gain on cross-currency interest rate swaps, net 

Interest expense 

Interest income 

Other (income) expense, net 

Total costs and expenses 

Earnings before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net earnings 

Earnings per share: 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 44 

WOODWARD, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive earnings: 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Net gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions designated as hedges of net investments in foreign subsidiaries 

Taxes on changes on foreign currency translation adjustments 

Foreign currency translation and transactions adjustments, net of tax 

Unrealized (loss) gain on fair value adjustment of derivative instruments 

Reclassification of net realized (gains) losses on derivatives to earnings 

Taxes on changes on derivative transactions 

Derivative adjustments, net of tax 

Minimum retirement benefit liability adjustments: 

Net gain (loss) arising during the period 

Prior service cost arising during the period 

Amortization of: 

Prior service cost 

Net loss 

Foreign currency exchange rate changes on minimum retirement benefit liabilities 

Taxes on changes on minimum retirement benefit liability adjustments 

Total comprehensive earnings 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 45 

WOODWARD, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

September 30, 

September 30, 

2021 

2020 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash of and , respectively 

Accounts receivable, less allowance for uncollectible amounts of and , respectively 

Inventories 

Income taxes receivable 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Deferred income tax assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Accounts payable 

Income taxes payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

Deferred income tax liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 22) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued 

Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive losses 

Deferred compensation 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock at cost, shares and shares, respectively 

Treasury stock held for deferred compensation, at cost, shares and shares, respectively 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 46 

WOODWARD, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment of assets sold 

Net (gain) loss on sales of assets and businesses 

Net (gain) on cross-currency interest rate swaps 

Stock-based compensation 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade accounts receivable 

Unbilled receivables (contract assets) 

Costs to fulfill a contract 

Inventories 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Contract liabilities 

Income taxes 

Retirement benefit obligations 

Other 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Payments for purchase of property, plant, and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of assets 

Proceeds from business divestiture 

Proceeds from sales of short-term investments 

Payments for purchases of short-term investments 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Cash dividends paid 

Proceeds from sales of treasury stock 

Payments for repurchases of common stock 

Borrowings on revolving lines of credit and short-term borrowings 

Payments on revolving lines of credit and short-term borrowings 

Payments of long-term debt and finance lease obligations 

Payments for debt financing costs 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, at end of year 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 47 

WOODWARD, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Number of shares 

Stockholders' equity 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) earnings 

Common 
 stock 

Treasury 
 stock 

Treasury 
 stock held for 
 deferred 
 compensation 

Common 
 stock 

Additional 
 paid-in 
 capital 

Foreign 
 currency 
 translation 
 adjustments 

Unrealized 
 derivative 
 gains 
 (losses) 

Minimum 
 retirement 
 benefit 
 liability 
 adjustments 

Total 
 accumulated 
 other 
 comprehensive 
 (loss) earnings 

Deferred 
 compensation 

Retained 
 earnings 

Treasury 
 stock at 
 cost 

Treasury 
 stock held for 
 deferred 
 compensation 

Total 
 stockholders' 
 equity 

Balances as of September 30, 2018 

Cumulative effect from adoption of ASC 606 

Cumulative effect from adoption of ASU 2016-16 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

Cash dividends paid per share) 

Purchases of treasury stock 

Sales of treasury stock 

Common shares issued from treasury stock for benefit plans 

Stock-based compensation 

Purchases and transfers of stock by/to deferred compensation plan 

Distribution of stock from deferred compensation plan 

Balances as of September 30, 2019 

Balances as of September 30, 2019 

Cumulative effect from adoption of ASC 842 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax 

Cash dividends paid per share) 

Purchases of treasury stock 

Sales of treasury stock 

Common shares issued from treasury stock for benefit plans 

Stock-based compensation 

Purchases and transfers of stock by/to deferred compensation plan 

Distribution of stock from deferred compensation plan 

Balances as of September 30, 2020 

Balances as of September 30, 2020 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax 

Cash dividends paid per share) 

Purchases of treasury stock 

Sales of treasury stock 

Common shares issued from treasury stock for benefit plans 

Stock-based compensation 

Purchases and transfers of stock by/to deferred compensation plan 

Distribution of stock from deferred compensation plan 

Balances as of September 30, 2021 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 48 

WOODWARD, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Summary of significant accounting policies 
 49 
 
 in fiscal year 2021, a net foreign currency gain of in fiscal year 2020, and a net foreign currency loss of in fiscal year 2019. 
 
 50 

51 

. 
 . 
 52 

Included in computer equipment and software are Woodward s enterprise resource planning ERP systems, which have an estimated useful life of years. All other computer equipment and software is generally depreciated over to . 
 53 

impairment charges were recorded in the year ended September 30, 2021 or since the goodwill was originally recorded due to the annual goodwill impairment test. impairment charges related to its other intangibles as of September 30, 2021 or since the other intangibles were originally recorded due to the annual goodwill impairment test. 
 Woodward has one indefinitely lived intangible asset consisting of the Woodward L Orange trade name. The Woodward L Orange trade name intangible asset is tested for impairment on an annual basis and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the fair value of the Woodward L Orange intangible asset may be below its carrying amount. The impairment test consists of comparing the fair value of the Woodward L Orange trade name intangible asset, determined using discounted cash flows, with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the Woodward L Orange intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss would be recognized to reduce the carrying amount to its fair value. Woodward has not recorded any impairment charges. 
 54 

55 

56 

MRO 

Services 

Point in time and over time revenue recognition 

Over time 

Total net sales 

Material Rights and Costs to Fulfill a Contract 

Cost of goods sold 

Cost of goods sold 

As of September 30, 2021, Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets included of capitalized costs to fulfill contracts with customers, compared to as of September 30, 2020. 
 Accounts Receivable and Contract assets 
 Customer receivables include amounts billed and currently due from customers as well as unbilled amounts (contract assets) and are included in Accounts receivable in Woodward s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts are billed in accordance with contractual terms, which are generally tied to shipment of the products to the customer, or as work progresses in accordance with contractual terms. Billed accounts receivable are typically due within days. Woodward s contracts with customers generally have no financing components. 
 57 

Other (Chinese financial institutions) 

Total billed receivables 

Current unbilled receivables (contract assets) 

Total accounts receivable 

Less: Allowance for uncollectible amounts 

Total accounts receivable, net 

As of September 30, 2021, Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets includes of unbilled receivables not expected to be invoiced and collected within a period of twelve months, compared to as of September 30, 2020. Unbilled receivables not expected to be invoiced and collected within a period of twelve months are primarily attributable to customer delays for deliveries on firm orders in the Aerospace segment due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Billed and unbilled accounts receivable from the U.S. Government were less than of total billed and unbilled accounts receivable at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020. 

Charged to costs and expenses, or sales allowance 

Deductions 

Other additions 1 

Balance, ending 

(1) 

Woodward adopted ASU 2016-13 on October 1, 2021. The change in the allowance for uncollectible amounts during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 is based on incurred losses rather than expected credit losses per the CECL impairment model. 
 Contract liabilities 

Deferred revenue from advanced invoicing and/or prepayments from customers 

Liability related to customer supplied inventory 

Deferred revenue from material rights related to engineering and development funding 

Net contract liabilities 

The current portion of contract liabilities is included in Accrued liabilities and the noncurrent portion is included in Other liabilities of Woodward s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Woodward recognized revenue of in the year ended September 30, 2021 from contract liabilities balances recorded as of September 30, 2020, compared to in the year ended September 30, 2020 from contract liabilities balances recorded as of September 30, 2019. 
 58 
 
 for the fiscal year 2021, compared to for the fiscal year 2020 and for fiscal year 2019, related to noncash consideration received from customers. The Aerospace segment recognized for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared to for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, while the Industrial segment recognized for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 compared to for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. 
 Remaining performance obligations 
 Remaining performance obligations related to the aggregate amount of the total contract transaction price of firm orders for which the performance obligation has not yet been recognized in revenue as of September 30, 2021 was , compared to as of September 30, 2020, the majority of which in both periods relate to Woodward s Aerospace segment. Woodward expects to recognize almost all of these remaining performance obligations within after September 30, 2021. 
 Remaining performance obligations related to material rights that have not yet been recognized in revenue as of September 30, 2021 was , of which is expected to be recognized in fiscal year , and the balance is expected to be recognized thereafter. Woodward expects to recognize revenue from performance obligations related to material rights over the life of the underlying programs, which may be as long as . 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 Woodward designs, produces and services reliable, efficient, low-emission, and high-performance energy control products for diverse applications in markets throughout the world. Woodward reports financial results for each of its Aerospace and Industrial reportable segments. Woodward further disaggregates its revenue from contracts with customers by primary market and by geographical area as Woodward believes this best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of its revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. 

Commercial aftermarket 

Defense OEM 

Defense aftermarket 

Total Aerospace segment net sales 

Industrial turbines 

Renewables 1 

Total Industrial segment net sales 

(1) 

59 

Germany 

Europe, excluding Germany 

China 

Asia, excluding China 

Other countries 

Total net sales 

Denominator: 

Basic shares outstanding 

Dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock units 

Diluted shares outstanding 

Income per common share: 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

Weighted-average option price 

60 

Lessee arrangements 
 Woodward has entered into operating leases for certain facilities and equipment with terms in excess of one year under agreements that expire at various dates. Some leases require the payment of property taxes, insurance, maintenance costs, or other similar costs in addition to rental payments. Woodward has also entered into finance leases for equipment with terms in excess of one year under agreements that expire at various dates. 
 None of Woodward s lease agreements contain significant residual value guarantees, restrictions, or covenants. As of September 30, 2021, Woodward has not entered into any lease arrangements that have not yet commenced but would create significant rights and obligations. Woodward does not have any lease transactions between related parties. 

Finance lease assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Total lease assets 

Current liabilities: 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accrued liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Noncurrent liabilities: 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

Total lease liabilities 

In the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, Woodward determined that the approved plan to divest of the renewable power systems business and other related businesses (as described more fully in Note 10, Sale of businesses , and defined therein as the disposal group represented a triggering event requiring the long-lived assets attributable to the disposal group be assessed for impairment. Given the facts and circumstances at that time, Woodward determined that the remaining value of the ROU assets of the disposal group were not recoverable, and a non-cash impairment charge was recorded during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. years 

years 

Finance leases 

years 

years 

Weighted average discount rate 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Amortization of financing lease assets 

Interest on financing lease liabilities 

Variable lease expense 

Short-term lease expense 

Sublease income 1 

Total lease expense 

(1) 

61 

Operating cash flows for finance leases 

Financing cash flows for finance leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for recorded lease obligations: 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total lease obligations 

Lessor arrangements 
 Woodward has assessed its manufacturing contracts and concluded that certain of the contracts for the manufacture of customer products met the criteria to be considered a leasing arrangement embedded leases with Woodward as the lessor. The specific manufacturing contracts that met the criteria were those that utilized Woodward property, plant and equipment and which is substantially (more than 90 dedicated to the manufacturing of the product(s) for a single customer. Woodward has dedicated manufacturing lines with four of its customers representing embedded leases, all of which qualified as operating leases with undefined quantities of future customer purchase commitments. 
 Although Woodward expects to allocate some portion of future net sales to these customers to embedded lessor arrangements, it cannot provide expected future undiscounted lease payments from property, plant and equipment leased to customers as of September 30, 2021. If, in the future, customers reduce purchases of related products from Woodward, the Company believes it will derive additional value from the underlying equipment by repurposing its use to support other customer arrangements. 
 Woodward recognizes revenue from the embedded lessor arrangements based on the value of the underlying dedicated property, plant, and equipment. There are no fixed payments that the customers under the embedded lessor arrangements are obligated to pay. Therefore, all the customer payments under the embedded lessor arrangements are considered variable with the associated leasing revenue recognized when the revenue from underlying product sale related to variable lease payment is recognized . Revenue from contracts with customers that included embedded operating leases, which is included in Net sales at the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, was for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, compared to for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment leased to others through embedded leasing arrangements, net 

62 

Other liabilities 

Amortization of the deferred revenue (material right) recognized as an increase to sales was for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. 
 Woodward and GE jointly manage the JV and any significant decisions and/or actions of the JV require the mutual consent of both parties. Neither Woodward nor GE has a controlling financial interest in the JV, but both Woodward and GE do have the ability to significantly influence the operating and financial decisions of the JV. Therefore, Woodward is accounting for its ownership interest in the JV using the equity method of accounting. The JV is a related party to Woodward. In addition, GE will continue to pay contingent consideration to Woodward consisting of fifteen annual payments of each, which began on January 4, 2017, subject to certain claw-back conditions. Woodward received its third and fourth annual payments of during the three-months ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021, respectively, which were recorded as deferred income and included in Net cash provided by operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Neither Woodward nor GE contributed any tangible assets to the JV. 

(1) 
 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 related to royalties owed to the JV by Woodward on sales by Woodward directly to third party aftermarket customers . 

Accounts payable 

Other assets 

63 
 
 compared to as of fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. Woodward s costs to fulfill a contract included in Other assets related to JV activities were as of September 30, 2021 and as of fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. In the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, Woodward recognized a reduction in the contract liability in Other liabilities and a reduction in costs to fulfill a contract in Other assets related to the recognition of revenue and cost of goods sold that was included in the contract liability and contract asset, respectively, at the beginning of the fiscal year. In the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, Woodward recognized a 6,609 reduction in the contract liability in Other liabilities and a 6,261 reduction in costs to fulfill a contract in Other assets related to the termination of a JV engineering and development project previously recognized as a material right. No reductions in costs to fulfill a contract or contract liabilities were recorded during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 as a result of the termination of joint venture engineering and development projects. 

Equity securities 

Total financial assets 

Financial liabilities: 

Cross currency interest rate swaps 

Total financial liabilities 

Investments in term deposits with foreign banks: Woodward s foreign subsidiaries sometimes invest excess cash in various highly liquid financial instruments that Woodward believes are with creditworthy financial institutions. Such investments are reported in Cash and cash equivalents at fair value, with realized gains from interest income recognized in earnings. The carrying value of Woodward s investments in term deposits with foreign banks are considered equal to the fair value given the highly liquid nature of the investments. 
 Equity securities: Woodward holds marketable equity securities, through investments in various mutual funds, related to its deferred compensation program. Based on Woodward s intentions regarding these instruments, marketable equity securities are classified as trading securities. The trading securities are reported at fair value, with realized gains and losses recognized in Other (income) expense, net on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. The trading securities are included in Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair values of Woodward s trading securities are based on the quoted market prices for the net asset value of the various mutual funds. 
 Cross-currency interest rate swaps: Woodward holds cross currency interest rate swaps, which are accounted for at fair value. The swaps in an asset position are included in Other assets, and swaps in a liability position are included in Other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair values of Woodward s cross currency interest rate swaps are determined using a market approach that is based on observable inputs other than quoted market prices, including contract terms, interest rates, currency rates, and other market factors. 
 Cash, trade accounts receivable, accounts payable, and short-term borrowings are not remeasured to fair value, as the carrying cost of each approximates its respective fair value. 
 64 
 
 : 

Note receivable from sale of disposal group 

2 

Investments in short-term time deposits 

2 

Liabilities: 

Long-term debt 

2 

In connection with certain economic incentives related to Woodward s development of a second campus in the greater-Rockford, Illinois area for its Aerospace segment and Woodward s development of a new campus at its corporate headquarters in Fort Collins, Colorado, Woodward received long-term notes from municipalities within the states of Illinois and Colorado. The fair value of the long-term notes was estimated based on a model that discounted future principal and interest payments received at an interest rate available to the Company at the end of the period for similarly rated municipal notes of similar maturity, which is a level 2 input as defined by the U.S. GAAP fair value hierarchy. The interest rates used to estimate the fair value of the long-term notes were at September 30, 2021 and at September 30, 2020. 
 In connection with the sale of the disposal group (See Note 10, Sale of businesses ), Woodward received a promissory note from the buyer for deferral of a portion of the purchase price, which is due by . The fair value of the note was estimated based on a model that discounted future principal and interest payments received at an interest rate available to Woodward at the end of the period for similarly rated promissory notes of similar maturity, which is a level 2 input as defined by the U.S. GAAP fair value hierarchy. The interest rate used to estimate the fair value of the note was at September 30, 2021 and at September 30, 2020 . 
 From time to time, certain of Woodward s foreign subsidiaries will invest excess cash in short-term time deposits with a fixed maturity date of longer than three months but less than one year from the date of the deposit. Woodward believes that the investments are with creditworthy financial institutions. The fair value of the investments in short-term time deposits was estimated based on a model that discounted future principal and interest payments to be received at an interest rate available to the foreign subsidiary entering into the investment for similar short-term time deposits of similar maturity. This was determined to be a level 2 input as defined by the U.S. GAAP fair value hierarchy. The interest rates used to estimate the fair value of the short-term time deposits was at September 30, 2021 and at September 30, 2020. 
 The fair value of long-term debt was estimated based on a model that discounted future principal and interest payments at interest rates available to the Company at the end of the period for similar debt of the same maturity, which is a level 2 input as defined by the U.S. GAAP fair value hierarchy. The weighted-average interest rates used to estimate the fair value of long-term debt were at September 30, 2021 and at September 30, 2020. of floating-rate debt under Woodward s then existing revolving credit agreement to Euro denominated floating-rate debt in conjunction with the L Orange acquisition (the Floating-Rate Cross Currency Swap ). Also, in May 2018, Woodward entered into cross currency interest rate swap agreements that synthetically converted an aggregate principal amount of of fixed-rate debt associated with the 2018 Note Purchase Agreement (as defined in Note 15, Credit facilities short-term borrowings and long-term debt to Euro denominated fixed-rate debt (the Fixed-Rate Cross Currency Swaps ). The cross-currency interest rate swaps, which effectively reduce the interest rate on the underlying fixed and floating-rate debt under the 2018 Notes (as defined in Note 15, Credit facilities short-term borrowings and long-term debt and Woodward s then existing revolving credit agreement, respectively, is recorded as a reduction to Interest expense in Woodward s Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 65 
 
 and , respectively . Woodward received net cash proceeds of , which includes related to the fair value of the derivative assets and of net accrued interest, less payment of for fees to terminate the swap agreements . The proceeds received for the fair value of the instruments is recorded in Other , while net accrued interest is recorded in Other and Accrued liabilities , respectively, in cash flows provided by operating activities of Woodward s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows . The fees to terminate the swap agreements were expensed as incurred and presented in the line item Selling, general and administrative expenses in Woodward s Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 Upon termination and settlement of the instruments, Woodward entered into a new floating-rate cross-currency interest rate swap (the 2020 Floating-Rate Cross-Currency Swap ), with a notional value of , and fixed-rate cross-currency interest rate swap agreements (the 2020 Fixed-Rate Cross-Currency Swaps ), with an aggregate notional value of , which effectively reduce the interest rates on the underlying fixed and floating-rate debt under the 2018 Notes and Woodward s existing revolving credit agreement, respectively. The net interest income of the cross-currency interest rate swaps is recorded as a reduction to Interest expense in Woodward s Consolidated Statements of Earnings. As of September 30, 2021, the total notional value of the 2020 Floating-Rate Cross-Currency Swap and 2020 Fixed-Rate Cross-Currency Swaps was and 400,000, respectively. See Note 7, Financial Instruments and fair value measurements , for the related fair value of the derivative instruments as of September 30, 2021. 
 Derivatives instruments in fair value hedging relationships 
 Concurrent with the entry into the Floating-Rate Cross Currency Swap in May 2018, a corresponding Euro denominated intercompany loan receivable with identical terms and notional amount as the underlying Euro denominated floating-rate debt, with a reciprocal cross currency interest rate swap, was entered into by Woodward Barbados Financing SRL Barbados ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Woodward, and is designated as a fair value hedge under the criteria prescribed in ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The objective of the derivative instrument is to hedge against the foreign currency exchange risk attributable to the spot remeasurement of the Euro denominated intercompany loan. 
 In May 2020, Woodward settled the Euro denominated intercompany loan receivable with identical terms and notional value to the Floating-Rate Cross-Currency Swap and reciprocal intercompany cross-currency interest rate swap. The fair value hedge designated on these instruments was discontinued at the date of settlement and resulted in a reclassification of of previously unrecognized losses from accumulated OCI into earnings. The loss on discontinuation of the fair value hedging relationship is recognized in Gain on cross-currency interest rate swaps, net in Woodward s Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Concurrent with settlement of the Floating-Rate Cross-Currency Swap and discontinuation of the previous fair value hedging relationship, a US dollar denominated intercompany loan payable with identical terms and notional value as the 2020 Floating-Rate Cross-Currency Swap, together with a reciprocal intercompany floating-rate cross-currency interest rate swap, was entered into by Woodward Barbados Euro Financing SRL Euro Barbados ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Woodward. The US dollar denominated intercompany loan and reciprocal intercompany floating-rate cross-currency interest rate swap is designated as a fair value hedge under the criteria prescribed in ASC 815. The objective of the derivative instrument is to hedge against the foreign currency exchange risk attributable to the spot remeasurement of the US dollar denominated intercompany loan, as Euro Barbados maintains a Euro functional currency. 
 For each floating-rate intercompany cross-currency interest rate swap, only the change in the fair value related to the cross-currency basis spread, or excluded component, of the derivative instrument is recognized in accumulated OCI. The remaining change in the fair value of the derivative instrument is recognized in foreign currency transaction gain or loss included in Selling, general and administrative costs in Woodward s Consolidated Statements of Earnings. The change in the fair value of the derivative instrument in foreign currency transaction gain or loss offsets the change in the spot remeasurement of the intercompany Euro and US dollar denominated loans. Hedge effectiveness is assessed based on the fair value changes of the derivative instrument, after excluding any fair value changes related to the cross-currency basis spread. The initial cost of the cross-currency basis spread is recorded in earnings each period through the swap accrual process. There are no credit-risk-related contingent features associated with the intercompany floating-rate cross-currency interest rate swap. 
 66 
 
 corresponding intercompany loans receivable, with identical terms and amounts of each tranche of the underlying aggregate principal amount of of fixed-rate debt, and reciprocal cross currency interest rate swaps were entered into by Barbados, which are designated as cash flow hedges under the criteria prescribed in ASC 815. The objective of these derivative instruments is to hedge the risk of variability in cash flows attributable to the foreign currency exchange risk of cash flows for future principal and interest payments associated with the Euro denominated intercompany loans over a fifteen-year period. 
 In May 2020, Woodward settled the Euro denominated intercompany loans receivable with identical terms and notional value to the Fixed-Rate Cross-Currency Swaps and reciprocal cross-currency interest rate swaps. The cash flow hedges designated on these instruments were discontinued at the date of settlement and resulted in a reclassification of of previously unrecognized gains from accumulated OCI into earnings. The gain on discontinuation of the cash flow hedging relationships is recognized in Gain on cross-currency interest rate swaps, net in Woodward s Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Concurrent with settlement of the Fixed-Rate Cross-Currency Swaps and the discontinuation of the previous cash flow hedging relationships, corresponding US dollar intercompany loans payable, with identical terms and notional values of each tranche of the 2020 Fixed-Rate Cross-Currency Swaps, together with reciprocal fixed-rate intercompany cross-currency interest rate swaps were entered into by Euro Barbados, which are designated as cash flow hedges under the criteria prescribed in ASC 815. The objective of these derivative instruments is to hedge the risk of variability in cash flows attributable to the foreign currency exchange risk of cash flows for future principal and interest payments associated with the US dollar denominated intercompany loans over a thirteen-year period, as Euro Barbados maintains a Euro functional currency. 
 For each of the fixed-rate intercompany cross-currency interest rate swaps, changes in the fair values of the derivative instruments are recognized in accumulated OCI and reclassified to foreign currency transaction gain or loss included in Selling, general and administrative costs in Woodward s Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Reclassifications out of accumulated OCI of the change in fair value occur each reporting period based upon changes in the spot rate remeasurement of the Euro and US dollar denominated intercompany loans, including associated interest. Hedge effectiveness is assessed based on the fair value changes of the derivative instruments and such hedges are deemed to be highly effective in offsetting exposure to variability in foreign exchange rates. There are no credit-risk-related contingent features associated with these fixed-rate cross-currency interest rate swaps. 
 Derivatives instruments in net investment hedging relationships 
 On , Woodward and Woodward International Holding B.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of Woodward organized under the laws of The Netherlands (the BV Subsidiary ), each entered into a note purchase agreement (the 2016 Note Purchase Agreement relating to the sale by Woodward and the BV Subsidiary of an aggregate principal amount of of senior unsecured notes in a series of private placement transactions. Woodward issued aggregate principal amount of Woodward s Series M Senior Notes due (the Series M Notes ). Woodward designated the Series M Notes as a hedge of a foreign currency exposure of Woodward s net investment in its Euro denominated functional currency subsidiaries. Related to the Series M Notes, included in foreign currency translation adjustments within total comprehensive (losses) earnings are net foreign exchange gains of for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 , compared to net foreign exchanges losses of for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 and net foreign exchange gains of for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. 
 Impact of derivative instruments designated as qualifying hedging instruments 

Cross-currency interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Treasury lock agreement designated as cash flow hedge 

Interest expense 

67 

Cross-currency interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

The following table discloses the amount of (gain) loss reclassified in accumulated OCI on derivative instruments designated as qualifying hedging instruments: 

Year Ended September 30, 

Derivatives in: 

Location 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Cross-currency interest rate swap agreement designated as fair value hedges 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Cross-currency interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Treasury lock agreement designated as cash flow hedge 

Interest expense 

The remaining unrecognized gains and losses in Woodward s Consolidated Balance Sheets associated with derivative instruments that were previously entered into by Woodward, which are classified in accumulated OCI were net losses of as of September 30, 2021 and of as of September 30, 2020 . 

Income taxes paid 

Income tax refunds received 

Non-cash activities: 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment on account 

Impact of the adoption of ASC 606 

Impact of the adoption of ASC 842 

Impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-16 

Common shares issued from treasury to settle benefit obligations 

Purchases of treasury stock on account 

non-cash impairment charge was recorded during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. The non-cash impairment charge removed all the goodwill, intangible assets, ROU assets and property, plant, and equipment associated with the disposal group from the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2020. 
 68 
 
 . 
 In determining the amount by which the carrying value of the disposal group s remaining net assets exceeded their fair value, Woodward considered primarily the market value of the assets held for sale based on negotiations it had entered into with affiliates of the AURELIUS Group for the sale of the majority of the disposal group. On January 31, 2020, Woodward entered into a definitive agreement to sell the majority of the disposal group to affiliates of the AURELIUS Group for , subject to customary purchase price adjustments, consisting of cash and a promissory note, which is due by . The assets were primarily located in Germany, Poland and Bulgaria and accounted for approximately of sales in fiscal year 2019. The valuation reserve recorded to reduce the carrying value of the net assets held for sale was based on the estimated selling price pursuant to the definitive agreement reduced by the estimated working capital adjustments, transaction costs, and anticipated losses on assets held for sale that were not included in the disposal group to be sold to the AURELIUS Group. 

Inventories 

Other current assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Work in progress 

Component parts (1) 

Finished goods 

Customer supplied inventory 

On-hand inventory for which control has transferred to the customer 

(1) 

69 

Buildings and building improvements 

Leasehold improvements 

Machinery and production equipment 

Computer equipment and software 

Office furniture and equipment 

Other 

Construction in progress 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

In the second quarter of fiscal year 2018, the Company announced its decision to relocate its Duarte, California operations to the Company s newly renovated Drake Campus in Fort Collins, Colorado, and in fiscal year 2019, finalized the relocation. On December 30, 2019, the Company closed on the sale of one of two parcels of real property at the Duarte facility and recorded a pre-tax gain on sale of assets of . On August 11, 2020, the Company closed on the sale of the final parcel of real property at the Duarte facility and recorded a pre-tax gain on sale of assets of . 
 During the three-months ended December 31, 2019, Woodward determined that the approved plan to divest of the disposal group represented a triggering event requiring the long-lived assets attributable to the disposal group be assessed for impairment. Given the facts and circumstances at that time, Woodward determined that the remaining value of the plant, property and equipment of the disposal group was not recoverable, and a non-cash impairment charge was recorded during fiscal year 2020. 
 On September 25, 2020 the Company closed on the sale of its Loveland, Colorado campus with a concurrent purchase of a new property in Windsor, Colorado for future operations, resulting in recognition of a pre-tax gain on sale of assets of . 

Industrial 

Consolidated 

September 30, 
 2019 

Impairment Charges 

Effects of 
 Foreign 
 Currency 
 Translation 

September 30, 
 2020 

Aerospace 

Industrial 

Consolidated 

70 

During the three-months ended December 31, 2019 , Woodward determined that the approved plan to divest of the disposal group represented a triggering event requiring the long-lived assets attributable to the disposal group be assessed for impairment. Given the facts and circumstances at the time, Woodward determined that the remaining value of the goodwill of the disposal group was not recoverable and an non-cash impairment charge was recorded during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 . 
 Woodward tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis or at any time there is an indication goodwill may be impaired, commonly referred to as triggering events. Woodward completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of July 31, 2021 during the quarter ended September 30, 2021 . The fair value of each of Woodward s reporting units was determined using a discounted cash flow method. This method represents a level 3 input and incorporates various estimates and assumptions, the most significant being projected revenue growth rates, earnings margins, future tax rates, and the present value, based on an estimated weighted-average cost of capital (or the discount rate) and terminal growth rate, of forecasted cash flows. Management projects revenue growth rates, earnings margins and cash flows based on each reporting unit s current operational results, expected performance and operational strategies over a five-year period. These projections are adjusted to reflect current economic conditions and demand for certain products, and require considerable management judgment. 
 Forecasted cash flows used in the July 31, 2021 impairment test were discounted using weighted-average cost of capital assumptions ranging from to . The terminal values of the forecasted cash flows were calculated using the Gordon Growth Model and assumed an annual compound growth rate after five years of . These inputs, which are unobservable in the market, represent management s best estimate of what market participants would use in determining the present value of the Company s forecasted cash flows. Changes in these estimates and assumptions can have a significant impact on the fair value of forecasted cash flows. Woodward evaluated the reasonableness of the reporting units resulting fair values utilizing a market multiple method. The results of Woodward s goodwill impairment test performed as of July 31, 2021 did not indicate impairment of any of Woodward s reporting units. 

Industrial 

Total 

Intellectual property: 

Aerospace 

Industrial 

Total 

Process technology: 

Aerospace 

Industrial 

Total 

Other intangibles: 

Aerospace 

Industrial 

Total 

Intangible asset with indefinite life: 

Trade name: 

Aerospace 

Industrial 

Total 

Total intangibles: 

Aerospace 

Industrial 

Consolidated Total 

71 

Indefinite lived intangible assets 
 The Woodward L Orange trade name intangible asset is tested for impairment on an annual basis and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the fair value of the Woodward L Orange intangible asset may be below its carrying amount. The impairment test consists of comparing the fair value of the Woodward L Orange trade name intangible asset, determined using discounted cash flows based on the relief from royalty method under the income approach, with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the Woodward L Orange trade name intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss would be recognized to reduce the carrying amount to its fair value. Woodward has not recognized any impairment charges for this asset. 
 During the fourth quarter, Woodward completed its annual impairment test of the Woodward L Orange trade name intangible asset as of July 31, 2021 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. The fair value of the Woodward L Orange trade name intangible assets was determined using discounted cash flows based on the relief from royalty method under the income approach. This method represents a Level 3 input (based upon a fair value hierarchy established by U.S. GAAP) and incorporates various estimates and assumptions, the most significant being projected revenue growth rates, royalty rates, future tax rates and the present value, based on an estimated weighted-average cost of capital (or the discount rate) and terminal growth rate, of the forecasted cash flow. Management projects revenue growth rates and cash flows based on Woodward L Orange s current operational results, expected performance and operational strategies over a five year period. These projections are adjusted to reflect current economic conditions and demand for certain products, and require considerable management judgment. 
 The forecasted cash flow used in the July 31, 2021 impairment test was discounted using weighted-average cost of capital assumption of . The terminal value of the forecasted cash flow was calculated using the Gordon Growth Model and assumed an annual compound growth rate after of . These inputs, which are unobservable in the market, represent management s best estimate of what market participants would use in determining the present value of the Company s forecasted cash flows. Changes in these estimates and assumptions can have a significant impact on the fair value of the forecasted cash flow. The results of impairment test performed as of July 31, 2021 indicated the estimated fair value of the Woodward L Orange trade name intangible asset was in excess of its carrying value, and accordingly, no impairment existed. 
 Finite-lived intangible assets 
 During the three-months ended December 31, 2019, Woodward determined that the approved plan to divest of the disposal group represented a triggering event requiring the long-lived assets attributable to the disposal group be assessed for impairment. Given the facts and circumstances at that time, Woodward determined that the remaining value of the intangible assets of the disposal group was not recoverable and a non-cash impairment charge was recorded for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

72 

Foreign lines of credit and overdraft facilities 

Foreign performance guarantee facilities 

Revolving credit facility 
 Woodward maintains a revolving credit facility established under a revolving credit agreement among Woodward, a syndicate of lenders and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the Revolving Credit Agreement ). The Revolving Credit Agreement provided for the option to increase available borrowings up to , subject to lenders participation. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement can be made by Woodward and certain of its foreign subsidiaries in U.S. dollars or in foreign currencies other than the U.S. dollar and generally bear interest at LIBOR plus to . The Revolving Credit Agreement matures on June 19, 2024. Under the Revolving Credit Agreement, there were borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020. , the occurrence of which would permit the lenders to accelerate the amounts due thereunder. In addition, the Revolving Credit Agreement includes the following financial covenants: (i) a maximum permitted leverage ratio of consolidated net debt to consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, stock-based compensation, and amortization, plus any usual non-cash charges to the extent deducted in computing net income and transaction costs associated with permitted acquisitions (incurred within six-months of the permitted acquisition), minus any usual non-cash gains to the extent added in computing net income Leverage Ratio for Woodward and its consolidated subsidiaries of to 1.0, which ratio, subject to certain restrictions, may increase to to 1.0 for each period of four consecutive quarters during which a permitted acquisition occurs, and (ii) a minimum consolidated net worth of plus (a) of Woodward s positive net income for the prior fiscal year and (b) of Woodward s net cash proceeds resulting from certain issuances of stock, subject to certain adjustments. 
 Woodward s obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement are guaranteed by Woodward FST, Inc., Woodward MPC, Inc., and Woodward HRT, Inc., each of which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Woodward. 
 Short-term borrowings 
 Woodward has other foreign lines of credit and foreign overdraft facilities at various financial institutions, which are generally reviewed annually for renewal and are subject to the usual terms and conditions applied by the financial institutions. Pursuant to the terms of the related facility agreements, Woodward s foreign performance guarantee facilities are limited in use to providing performance guarantees to third parties. There were borrowings outstanding on Woodward s foreign lines of credit and foreign overdraft facilities as of both September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 . 
 73 
 
 , due unsecured 

Series H notes , due unsecured 

Series I notes , due unsecured 

Series J notes Floating rate (LIBOR plus ), due unsecured 

Series K notes , due unsecured 

Series L notes , due unsecured 

Series M notes due unsecured 

Series N notes due unsecured 

Series O notes due unsecured 

Series P notes due unsecured 

Series Q notes due unsecured 

Series R notes due unsecured 

Series S notes due unsecured 

Series T notes due unsecured 

Finance leases (Note 5) 

Unamortized debt issuance costs 

Total long-term debt 

Less: Current portion of long-term debt 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

The Notes 
 On October 1, 2013, Woodward entered into a note purchase agreement relating to the sale by Woodward of an aggregate principal amount of of its senior unsecured notes in a series of private placement transactions. Woodward issued the Series G, H and I Notes (the First Closing Notes on October 1, 2013. Woodward issued the Series J, K and L Notes (the Second Closing Notes and with the First Closing Notes, collectively the USD Notes on November 15, 2013. On November 15, 2020, Woodward paid the entire principal balance of on the Series G and J Notes. 
 On September 23, 2016, Woodward and the BV Subsidiary each entered into note purchase agreements (the 2016 Note Purchase Agreements relating to the sale by Woodward and the BV Subsidiary of an aggregate principal amount of of senior unsecured notes in a series of private placement transactions. Woodward issued Series M Notes. The BV Subsidiary issued (a) aggregate principal amount of the BV Subsidiary s Series N Senior Notes (the Series N Notes and (b) aggregate principal amount of the BV Subsidiary s Series O Senior Notes (the Series O Notes and together with the Series M Notes and the Series N Notes, the 2016 Notes ). 
 On May 31, 2018, Woodward entered into a note purchase agreement (the 2018 Note Purchase Agreement relating to the sale by Woodward of an aggregate principal amount of of senior unsecured notes comprised of (a) aggregate principal amount of its Series P Senior Notes (the Series P Notes ), (b) aggregate principal amount of its Series Q Senior Notes (the Series Q Notes ), (c) aggregate principal amount of its Series R Senior Notes (the Series R Notes ), (d) aggregate principal amount of its Series S Senior Notes (the Series S Notes ), and (e) aggregate principal amount of its Series T Senior Notes (the Series T Notes , and together with the Series P Notes, the Series Q Notes, the Series R Notes, and the Series S Notes, the 2018 Notes, and, together with the USD Notes and 2016 Notes, the Notes ), in a series of private placement transactions. 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2018 Notes, the Company entered into cross currency swap transactions in respect of each tranche of the 2018 Notes, which effectively reduced the interest rates on the Series P Notes to per annum, the Series Q Notes to per annum, the Series R Notes to per annum, the Series S Notes to per annum and the Series T Notes to per annum. Following the termination and settlement of the Floating-Rate Cross-Currency Swap and Fixed-Rate Cross-Currency Swaps entered into in 2018, the Company entered into the 2020 Floating-Rate Cross-Currency Swap and 2020 Fixed-Rate Cross-Currency Swaps, which effectively resulted in the interest rates on the Series P Notes being per annum, the Series Q Notes to per annum, the Series R Notes to per annum, the Series S Notes to per annum and the Series T Notes to per annum (see Note 8, Derivative instruments and hedging activities). 
 74 
 
 of its consolidated net worth. Woodward s Leverage Ratio cannot exceed to 1.0 during any material acquisition period, or to 1.0 at any other time on a rolling four quarter basis. In the event that Woodward s Leverage Ratio exceeds to 1.0 during any material acquisition period, the interest rate on each series of Notes will increase. The minimum consolidated net worth, prior year positive net income, and net cash proceeds resulting from certain issuances of stock for satisfaction of Woodward s leverage ratio are consistent between the Notes and Revolving Credit Agreement. 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Certain financial and other covenants under Woodward s debt agreements contain customary restrictions on the operation of its business. Management believes that Woodward was in compliance with the covenants under the long-term debt agreements at September 30, 2021 . 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 Amounts recognized as interest expense from the amortization of debt issuance costs were in fiscal year 2021, in fiscal year 2020, and in fiscal year 2019. Unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the Notes of as of September 30, 2021 and as of September 30, 2020 were recorded as a reduction in Long-term debt, less current portion in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Unamortized debt issuance costs associated with Woodward s Revolving Credit Agreements of as of September 30, 2021 and as of September 30, 2020 were recorded as Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amortization of debt issuance costs is included in operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 75 

Warranties 

Interest payable 

Accrued retirement benefits 

Net current contract liabilities (Note 3) 

Current portion of accrued restructuring charges 

Taxes, other than income 

Purchase of treasury stock in transit 

Other 

Warranties 
 Provisions of Woodward s sales agreements include product warranties customary to these types of agreements. Accruals are established for specifically identified warranty issues that are probable to result in future costs. Warranty costs are accrued as revenue is recognized on a non-specific basis whenever past experience indicates a normal and predictable pattern exists. 

Impact from adoption of ASC 606 

Expense, net of recoveries 

Reductions for settling warranties 

Foreign currency exchange rate changes 

Warranties, end of period 

Restructuring charges 
 In fiscal year 2021, the Company recognized restructuring charges consisting of workforce management costs to align the Company s hydraulics and engine systems businesses with current market conditions. Restructuring charges of were recorded during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 as nonsegment expenses, the majority of which are expected to be paid within . 
 In fiscal year 2020, the Company committed to a plan of termination (the Termination Plan ), as well as other cost savings actions, in response to the ongoing global economic challenges resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the Company s business. The Termination Plan involved the termination and/or furlough of employees and contractors at certain of the Company s operating facilities, primarily in the United States. As a result of the Termination Plan and other related actions, the Company incurred of restructuring charges for employee severance and benefits costs as of September 30, 2020, with the majority of the cash expenditures being paid by September 30, 2020. All of the restructuring charges recorded during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 were recorded as nonsegment expenses and were paid as of September 30, 2021. 

Engine Systems Realignment 

COVID-19 pandemic 

Total 

76 

Other liabilities included of accrued restructuring charges that are not expected to be settled or paid within twelve months as of September 30, 2021. 

Industrial turbomachinery business realignment 

COVID-19 pandemic 

Total 

Total unrecognized tax benefits 

Noncurrent income taxes payable 

Deferred economic incentives (1) 

Cross-currency swap derivative liability 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Net noncurrent contract liabilities 

Other 

(1) 

Net (gain) loss on sales of assets and businesses 1) 

) 

Rent income 

) 

Net gain on investments in deferred compensation program 

) 

Other components of net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit, excluding service cost and interest expense 

) 

Other 

) 

) 

(1) 
 
 Included in net (gain) loss on sale of assets and businesses for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 was the pre-tax gain on sale of Duarte real property in the amount of and the pre-tax gain on sale of the Loveland campus of . 

77 

State 

Foreign 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Other countries 

Foreign net operating loss carryforwards 

Inventory 

Stock-based and other compensation 

Defined benefit plans, pension 

Deferred revenue net of unbilled receivables 

Other reserves 

Tax credits and incentives 

Lease obligations 

Other 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Goodwill and intangibles - net 

Property, plant and equipment 

Right of use assets 

Defined benefit plans, pension 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

Woodward has recorded a net operating loss NOL deferred tax asset of as of September 30, 2021 and as of September 30, 2020. A portion of these NOL carryforwards were utilized in the current year. The majority of the NOL carryforwards as of September 30, 2021 expire at various times beginning in fiscal years 2023 through 2027, and Woodward has recognized valuation allowances against all NOL carryforwards that are less than 50 percent likely to be realized. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Both positive and negative evidence are considered in forming Woodward s judgment as to whether a valuation allowance is appropriate, and more weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. Valuation allowances are reassessed whenever there are changes in circumstances that may cause a change in judgment. 
 78 
 
 that it considered indefinitely reinvested. These earnings could become subject to income taxes if they are remitted as dividends, are loaned to Woodward or any of Woodward s subsidiaries located in the United States, or if Woodward sells its stock in the foreign subsidiaries. Any additional U.S. taxes could be offset, in part or in whole, by foreign tax credits. The amount of such taxes and application of tax credits would be dependent on the income tax laws and other circumstances at the time these amounts are repatriated. Based on these variables, it is impractical to determine the income tax liability that might be incurred if these funds were to be repatriated. in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019 to Woodward s effective income tax rate: 

Year Ending September 30, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Percent of pretax earnings 

Statutory tax rate 

State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Taxes on international activities 

Research credit 

Net excess income tax benefit from stock-based compensation 

Adjustments of prior period tax items 

Compensation and benefits 

Transition Tax 

Other items, net 

Effective tax rate 

In determining the tax amounts in Woodward s financial statements, estimates are sometimes used that are subsequently adjusted in the actual filing of tax returns or by updated calculations. In addition, Woodward occasionally has resolutions of tax items with tax authorities related to prior years due to the conclusion of audits and the lapse of applicable statutes of limitations. Such adjustments are included in the Adjustments of prior period tax items line in the above table. 
 The increase in the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 is primarily attributable to (i) decreased current fiscal year foreign earnings in lower tax jurisdictions when compared to the prior fiscal year, and (ii) decreased Research and Development Credit in the current fiscal year when compared to the prior fiscal year. This increase is partially offset by (i) a larger favorable net excess income tax benefit from stock-based compensation, (ii) a favorable U.S. current fiscal year state tax provision when compared to the prior fiscal year, and (iii) a smaller detrimental adjustment to prior period tax items when compared to the prior fiscal year. 

Additions to current year tax positions 

Reductions to prior year tax positions 

Additions to prior year tax positions 

Lapse of applicable statute of limitations 

Ending balance 

Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits were as of September 30, 2021 and as of September 30, 2020 of tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. At this time, Woodward estimates that it is reasonably possible that the liability for unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by as much as in the next twelve months due to the completion of review by tax authorities, lapses of statutes, and the settlement of tax positions. Woodward accrues for potential interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits and all other interest and penalties related to tax payments in tax expense. 
 79 
 
 and thereafter. In fiscal year 2020, Woodward concluded its U.S. Federal income tax examination through fiscal year , which included a foreign tax carryback to fiscal year 2016. Woodward s fiscal years remaining open to examination for significant U.S. state income tax jurisdictions include fiscal years and thereafter. Woodward closed various audits in foreign jurisdictions in the second and third quarters of fiscal year 20 20 . Consequently, fiscal years remaining open to examination in significant foreign jurisdictions include and thereafter. of qualifying service (such two years of service, the Initial Period of Service received an annual contribution of Woodward stock, generally equal to of their eligible prior year wages, to their personal Woodward Retirement Savings Plan accounts (the Stock Contribution ). In the second quarters of fiscal years 2021, 2020, and 2019, Woodward fulfilled its annual Woodward stock contribution obligation using shares held in treasury stock by issuing a total of shares of common stock for a value of in fiscal year 2021, total shares of common stock for a value of in fiscal year 2020, and shares of common stock for a value of in fiscal year 2019. The Woodward Retirement Savings Plan (the WRS Plan held shares of Woodward stock as of September 30, 2021 and shares as of September 30, 2020. The shares held in the WRS Plan participate in dividends and are considered issued and outstanding for purposes of calculating basic and diluted earnings per share. Accrued liabilities included obligations to contribute shares of Woodward common stock to the WRS Plan of as of September 30, 2021 and as of September 30, 2020. 
 Effective as of , the Board amended the Woodward Retirement Savings Plan to eliminate the Initial Period Service for purposes of the Stock Contribution. Eligible U.S. employees are now generally eligible to receive the Stock Contribution if they are employed by the Company on the last day of the applicable calendar year without regard to service time. The first Company Stock Contribution under the amended contribution rules will be made during the second quarter of fiscal year 2022. 

Defined benefit plans 
 Woodward has defined benefit plans that provide pension benefits for certain retired employees in the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan, and Germany. Woodward also provides other postretirement benefits to its employees including postretirement medical benefits and life insurance benefits. Postretirement medical benefits are provided to certain current and retired employees and their covered dependents and beneficiaries in the United States and the United Kingdom. Life insurance benefits are provided to certain retirees in the United States under frozen plans, which are no longer available to current employees. A September 30 measurement date is utilized to value plan assets and obligations for all of Woodward s defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. 
 80 

Weighted-average assumptions to determine periodic benefit costs: 

Discount rate 

Long-term rate of return on plan assets 

The discount rate assumption is intended to reflect the rate at which the retirement benefits could be effectively settled based upon the assumed timing of the benefit payments. 
 . 

Rate of compensation increase 

Weighted-average assumptions to determine periodic benefit costs: 

Discount rate - service cost 

Discount rate - interest cost 

Rate of compensation increase 

Long-term rate of return on plan assets 

Rate of compensation increase 

Weighted-average assumptions to determine periodic benefit costs: 

Discount rate - service cost 

Discount rate - interest cost 

Rate of compensation increase 

Long-term rate of return on plan assets 

Rate of compensation increase 

Weighted-average assumptions to determine periodic benefit costs: 

Discount rate - service cost 

Discount rate - interest cost 

Rate of compensation increase 

81 

. 
 Compensation increase assumptions, where applicable, are based upon historical experience and anticipated future management actions. 
 In determining the long-term rate of return on plan assets, Woodward assumes that the historical long-term compound growth rates of equity and fixed-income securities will predict the future returns of similar investments in the plan portfolio. Investment management and other fees paid out of the plan assets are factored into the determination of asset return assumptions. 
 Mortality assumptions are based on published mortality studies developed primarily based on past experience of the broad population and modified for projected longevity trends. The projected benefit obligations in the United States as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 were based on the Society of Actuaries SOA Pri-2012 Mortality Tables Report using the SOA s Mortality Improvement Scale MP-2019 MP-2019 and projected forward using a custom projection scale based on MP-2019 with a -year convergence period and a long-term rate of . 
 As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, mortality assumptions in Japan were based on the Standard rates 2020 and mortality assumptions for the United Kingdom pension scheme were based on the Self-administered pension scheme SAPS S3 all tables with a projected annual improvement rate. As of September 30, 2021, and September 30, 2020, mortality assumptions in Germany were based on the Heubeck 2018 G mortality tables. 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

Amortization of: 

Net losses 

Net prior service cost 

Net periodic (benefit) cost 

82 

Plan amendment 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Net actuarial losses (gains) 

Contribution by participants 

Benefits paid 

Settlements 

Foreign currency exchange rate changes 

Projected benefit obligation at end of year 

Changes in fair value of plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

Contributions by the Company 

Contributions by plan participants 

Benefits paid 

Settlements 

Foreign currency exchange rate changes 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Net over/(under) funded status at end of year 

At September 30, 2021, the Company s defined benefit pension plans in the United Kingdom, Japan and Germany represented , and of the total projected benefit obligation, respectively. At September 30, 2021, the United Kingdom and Japan pension plan assets represented and of the total fair value of all plan assets, respectively. The German pension plans are unfunded and have plan assets. 
 
 The largest contributor to the net actuarial gains affecting the funded status for the defined benefit pension plans in the United States is due to an increase in the discount rate. The largest contributor to the net actuarial gains affecting the benefit obligation for the defined benefit pension plans in the United Kingdom, Japan, and Germany is due to an increase in the discount rate. 
 The accumulated benefit obligations of the Company s defined benefit pension plans at September 30, 2021 was in the United States, in the United Kingdom, in Japan, and in Germany, and at September 30, 2020 was in the United States, in the United Kingdom, in Japan and in Germany. 

Accumulated benefit obligation 

Fair value of plan assets 

83 

Accrued liabilities 

Other non-current liabilities 

Net over/(under) funded status at end of year 

Amounts recognized in accumulated other 
 comprehensive income consist of: 

Unrecognized net prior service cost 

Unrecognized net (gains) losses 

Total amounts recognized 

Deferred taxes 

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income 

Net (gain) loss 

Prior service cost due to plan amendment 

Amortization of: 

Net losses 

Prior service cost 

Foreign currency exchange rate changes 

Accumulated other comprehensive losses at end of year 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 2031 

Woodward expects its pension plan contributions in fiscal year 2022 will be in the United Kingdom, in Japan and in Germany. Woodward expects to have pension plan contributions in fiscal year 2022 in the United States. 
 84 

Debt Securities 

Other 

United Kingdom: 

Asset Class 

Equity Securities 

Debt Securities 

Other 

Japan: 

Asset Class 

Equity Securities 

Debt Securities 

Other 

Actual allocations to each asset class can vary from target allocations due to periodic market value fluctuations, investment strategy changes, and the timing of benefit payments and contributions. 
 85 

Mutual funds: 

U.S. corporate bond fund 

U.S. equity large cap fund 

International equity large cap growth fund 

Pooled funds: 

Japanese equity securities 

International equity securities 

Japanese fixed income securities 

International fixed income securities 

Global target return equity/bond fund 

Index linked U.K. equity fund 

Index linked international equity fund 

Index linked U.K. corporate bonds fund 

Index linked U.K. government securities fund 

Index linked U.K. long-term government securities fund 

Total assets 

At September 30, 2020 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

United 
 States 

Other 
 Countries 

United 
 States 

Other 
 Countries 

United 
 States 

Other 
 Countries 

Total 

Asset Category: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Mutual funds: 

U.S. corporate bond fund 

U.S. equity large cap fund 

International equity large cap growth fund 

Pooled funds: 

Japanese equity securities 

International equity securities 

Japanese fixed income securities 

International fixed income securities 

Global target return equity/bond fund 

Index linked U.K. equity fund 

Index linked international equity fund 

Index linked U.K. corporate bonds fund 

Index linked U.K. government securities fund 

Index linked U.K. long-term government securities fund 

Total assets 

Cash and cash equivalents : Cash and cash equivalents held by the Company s pension plans are held on deposit with creditworthy financial institutions. The fair value of the cash and cash equivalents are based on the quoted market price of the respective currency in which the cash is maintained. 
 Pension assets invested in mutual funds : The assets of the Company s U.S. pension plans are invested in various mutual funds which invest in both equity and debt securities. The fair value of the mutual funds is determined based on the quoted market price of each fund. 
 86 
 
 and a Medicare supplemental plan after age . Life insurance benefits are also provided to certain retirees in the United States under frozen plans which are no longer available to current employees. A September 30 measurement date is utilized to value plan assets and obligations for Woodward s other postretirement benefit plans. 
 The postretirement medical benefit plans, other than the plan assumed in an acquisition in fiscal year 2009, were frozen in fiscal year 2006 and no additional employees may participate in the plans. Generally, employees who had attained age and had rendered 10 or more years of service before the plans were frozen were eligible for these postretirement medical benefits. 
 Certain participating retirees are required to contribute to the plans in order to maintain coverage. The plans provide postretirement medical benefits for approximately retired employees and their covered dependents and beneficiaries and may provide future benefits to active employees and their covered dependents and beneficiaries, upon retirement, if the employees elect to participate. All the postretirement medical plans are fully insured for retirees who have attained age . 

Weighted-average discount rate used to determine net periodic benefit cost 

The discount rate assumption is intended to reflect the rate at which the postretirement benefits could be effectively settled based upon the assumed timing of the benefit payments. 
 . 
 Mortality assumptions are based on published mortality studies developed primarily based on past experience of the broad population and modified for projected longevity trends. The projected benefit obligations in the United States as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 were based on the SOA Pri-2012 Mortality Tables Report using the SOA s MP-2019 and projected forward using a custom projection scale based on MP-2019 with a -year convergence period and a long-term rate of . 

Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline 

(the ultimate trend rate) 

Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 

87 

Interest cost 

Amortization of: 

Net losses 

Net prior service cost (benefit) 

Net periodic cost 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Premiums paid by plan participants 

Net actuarial gains 

Benefits paid 

Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at end of year 

Changes in fair value of plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Contributions by the company 

Premiums paid by plan participants 

Benefits paid 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Funded status at end of year 

Other non-current liabilities 

Funded status at end of year 

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income consist of: 

Unrecognized net prior service cost (benefit) 

- 

Unrecognized net gains 

Total amounts recognized 

Deferred taxes 

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income 

Woodward pays plan benefits from its general funds therefore, there are no segregated plan assets as of September 30, 2021 or September 30, 2020. 
 The accumulated benefit obligations of the Company s postretirement plans were at September 30, 2021 and at September 30, 2020. The largest contributor to the actuarial gains affecting the Company s postretirement plans accumulated benefit obligations were the claims experience being lower than expected and increase in discount rate. 
 88 

Net gain 

Amortization of: 

Net losses 

Prior service (cost) benefit 

Accumulated other comprehensive losses at end of year 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 2031 

Dividend per share amount 

Stock repurchase program 
 In November 2019, the Board approved a program for the repurchase of up to of Woodward s outstanding shares of common stock on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions over a period that will end in 2022 (the 2019 Authorization ). In fiscal year 2021 , Woodward repurchased shares of its common stock for under the 2019 Authorization, of which shares repurchases were in-transit for as of September 30, 2021. In fiscal year 2020, Woodward repurchased shares of common stock for under the 2019 Authorization and in fiscal year 2019, Woodward repurchased shares of common stock for under a prior repurchase authorization that was superseded and replaced by the 2019 Authorization. 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Non-qualified stock option awards and restricted stock awards are granted to key management members and directors of the Company. The grant date for these awards is used for the measurement date. Vesting would be accelerated in the event of retirement, disability, or death of a participant, or change in control of the Company, as defined in the individual stock option agreements. These awards are valued as of the measurement date and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite vesting period for all awards, including awards with graded vesting. Stock for exercised stock options and for restricted stock awards is issued from treasury stock shares. 
 Provisions governing outstanding stock option awards are included in the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the 2017 Plan and the 2006 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2006 Plan ), as applicable. 
 The 2017 Plan was approved by Woodward s stockholders in January 2017 and is a successor plan to the 2006 Plan. As of September 14, 2016, the effective date of the 2017 Plan, the Board delegated authority to administer the 2017 Plan to the compensation committee of the board of directors (the Committee ), including, but not limited to, the power to 
 89 
 
 shares of Woodward s common stock to be made available for future grants. Under the 2017 Plan, there were approximately shares of Woodward s common stock available for future grants as of September 30, 2021 . 
 Stock options 
 Woodward believes that stock options align the interests of its employees and directors with the interests of its stockholders. Stock option awards are granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of Woodward s stock at the date the grants are awarded, a ten-year term, and generally have a vesting schedule at a rate of per year. 

Expected term (years) 

6.5 

- 

8.7 

6.4 

- 

8.7 

6.5 

- 

8.7 

Estimated volatility 

- 

- 

- 

Estimated dividend yield 

- 

- 

- 

Risk-free interest rate 

- 

- 

- 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options forfeited 

Options expired 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

Exercise prices of stock options outstanding as of September 30, 2021 range from to . 

Options granted 

Options vested 

Options forfeited 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

90 

6.0 

Options vested and exercisable 

4.7 

Options vested and expected to vest 

6.0 

Total intrinsic value of options exercised 

Cash received from exercises of stock options 

Excess tax benefit realized from exercise of stock options 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 Woodward recognizes stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Pursuant to the form stock option agreements used by the Company, with terms approved by the administrator of the applicable plan, the requisite service period can be less than the four-year vesting period based on grantee s retirement eligibility. As such, the recognition of stock-based compensation expense associated with some stock option grants can be accelerated to a period of less than four years, including immediate recognition of stock-based compensation expense on the date of grant. 

At September 30, 2021 , there was approximately of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements, including both stock options and restricted stock awards. The pre-vesting forfeiture rates for purposes of determining stock-based compensation expense recognized were estimated to be for members of Woodward s board of directors and for all others. The remaining unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

91 

The U.S. Government, and other governments, may terminate any of Woodward s government contracts (and, in general, subcontracts) at their convenience, as well as for default based on specified performance measurements. If any of Woodward s government contracts were to be terminated for convenience, the Company generally would be entitled to receive payment for work completed and allowable termination or cancellation costs. If any of Woodward s government contracts were to be terminated for Woodward s default, the U.S. Government generally would pay only for the work accepted, and could require Woodward to pay the difference between the original contract price and the cost to re-procure the contract items, net of the work accepted from the original contract. The U.S. Government could also hold Woodward liable for damages resulting from the default. 
 Woodward is currently involved in claims, pending or threatened litigation or other legal proceedings, investigations and/or regulatory proceedings arising in the normal course of business, including, among others, those relating to product liability claims, employment matters, worker s compensation claims, contractual disputes, product warranty claims and alleged violations of various laws and regulations. Woodward accrues for known individual matters using estimates of the most likely amount of loss where it believes that it is probable the matter will result in a loss when ultimately resolved and such loss is reasonably estimable. Legal costs are expensed as incurred and are classified in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 Woodward is partially self-insured in the United States for healthcare and worker s compensation up to predetermined amounts, above which third party insurance applies. Management regularly reviews the probable outcome of related claims and proceedings, the expenses expected to be incurred, the availability and limits of the insurance coverage, and the established accruals for liabilities. 
 While the outcome of pending claims, legal and regulatory proceedings, and investigations cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that any liabilities that may result from these claims, proceedings and investigations will not have a material effect on Woodward s liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 In the event of a change in control of Woodward, as defined in change-in-control agreements with its current corporate officers, Woodward may be required to pay termination benefits to any such officer if such officer s employment is terminated within following the change of control. reportable segments - Aerospace and Industrial. When appropriate, Woodward s reportable segments are aggregations of Woodward s operating segments. Woodward uses operating segment information internally to manage its business, including the assessment of operating segment performance and decisions for the allocation of resources between operating segments. 
 The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those of the Company. Woodward evaluates segment profit or loss based on internal performance measures for each segment in a given period. In connection with that assessment, Woodward generally excludes matters such as certain charges for restructuring, interest income and expense, certain gains and losses from asset dispositions, or other non-recurring and/or non-operationally related expenses. 

Industrial 

Total consolidated net sales 

Segment earnings: 

Aerospace 

Industrial 

Nonsegment expenses 

Interest Expense, net 

Consolidated earnings before income taxes 

92 

Industrial 

Unallocated corporate property, plant and equipment, net 

Other unallocated assets 

Consolidated total assets 

Segment depreciation and amortization: 

Aerospace 

Industrial 

Unallocated corporate amounts 

Consolidated depreciation and amortization 

Segment capital expenditures: 

Aerospace 

Industrial 

Unallocated corporate amounts 

Consolidated capital expenditures 

Sales to Boeing were made by Woodward s Aerospace segment and totaled approximately of net sales in fiscal year 2021, of net sales in fiscal year 2020, and of net sales in fiscal year 2019. Sales to GE were made by both of Woodward s reportable segments and totaled approximately of net sales in fiscal year 2021 and 2020, and of net sales in fiscal year 2019. 
 Accounts receivable from Boeing totaled approximately of accounts receivable at September 30, 2021 and of accounts receivable at September 30, 2020. Accounts receivable from GE totaled approximately of accounts receivable at September 30, 2021 and of accounts receivable at and September 30, 2020. 

Industrial 

Total net external sales 

Percentage of total net sales 

Fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 

Aerospace 

Industrial 

Total net external sales 

Percentage of total net sales 

Fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 

Aerospace 

Industrial 

Total net external sales 

Percentage of total net sales 

93 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants 

 There have been no disagreements or any reportable events requiring disclosure under Item 304(b) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

 We have established disclosure controls and procedures, which are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Principal Executive Officer (Thomas A. Gendron, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President) and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer (Mark D. Hartman, Chief Financial Officer), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Thomas A. Gendron and Mark D. Hartman evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. Based on their evaluations, they concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2021. 
 There have been no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. We have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting using the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and, based on that evaluation, have concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021, the end of the Company s most recent fiscal year. 
 Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, conducted an audit of Woodward s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 as stated in their report included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our Board of Directors, management, and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorization of management and directors of the Company and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 94 

Item 9B. 
 
 Othe r Information 

 On November 16, 2021 the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board approved changes to the Company s previously adopted form of Amended and Restated Executive Change-in-Control Severance Agreement. The principal changes were to provide for certain severance benefits for a qualifying termination of employment not in connection with a change in control of the Company. Previously, the agreement provided for severance benefits for a qualifying termination of employment only in connection with a change in control. The non-change in control severance benefits are lesser than the change in control severance benefits. 
 Under the amended agreement, now entitled the Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Change in Control Agreement (the Agreement ), an eligible employee who experiences a qualifying termination of employment not in connection with a change in control will, subject to signing a release of claims in favor of the Company, receive (1) any unpaid base salary, accrued vacation pay, unreimbursed business expenses, and any other amounts earned by and owed to the eligible employee (2) a payment equal to the Company's cost (less the eligible employee s premium co-pay obligations) to provide the employee with one year of continued health and welfare benefit coverage under Company-provided plans (3) the then-current year's annual incentive award that the eligible employee would have actually earned, if any, prorated based on the portion of the year before the qualifying termination of employment (4) the actual amount that the eligible employee would have earned, if any, for the applicable performance period for all outstanding Cash LTI cycles, or the target award for each such cycle (whichever is larger), and in either case prorated based on the portion of the performance cycle before the qualifying termination of employment) (5) in exchange for the eligible employee agreeing to restrictive covenants including, without limitation, non-competition and non-solicitation requirements, one year of base salary and one year of target bonus and (6) the eligible employee s equity compensation awards that are scheduled to vest within 12 months based on continued employment (specifically excluding any awards that remain subject to performance goals that have not been achieved) will continue to vest, and any vested stock options or stock appreciation rights will be exercisable for the remaining life of the option (subject to earlier termination as provided in the applicable plan or award agreement). 
 The severance benefits payable to an eligible employee for a qualifying termination of employment in connection with a change in control mostly were unchanged. The only material change was that, upon a qualifying termination of employment in connection with a change of control, the agreement now provides for equity vesting benefits. The eligible employee s equity compensation awards that remain scheduled to vest based on continued employment (specifically excluding any awards that remain subject to performance goals that have not been achieved) will continue to vest after the qualifying termination of employment (limited to 12 months of vesting for any awards granted after the change in control), and any vested stock options or stock appreciation rights will be exercisable for the remaining life of the option (subject to earlier termination as provided in the applicable plan or award agreement). 
 A qualifying termination of employment under the Agreement generally means a termination of the eligible employee s employment by the Company without cause or by the employee for good reason (as both terms are defined in the Agreement). A qualifying termination of employment is considered in connection with a change in control if the termination is within the period beginning three months before the change in control and ending two years after the change in control. Payments of cash amounts owed under the Agreement will be made only after the release of claims in favor of the Company becoming effective and irrevocable. 
 The above description of the Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the actual terms of the Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.29 to this Report on Form 10-K. 

Ite m 9C . 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

 Not applicable. 
 95 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 The information required by this item relating to our directors and nominees, regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Act of 1934, and regarding our Audit Committee is included under the captions Proposal 1: Election of Directors, Board Meetings and Committees Audit Committee (including information with respect to audit committee financial experts), Stock Ownership of Management, and, Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in our Proxy Statement related to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held virtually on January 26, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. There have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. 
 We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial and accounting officer. This code of ethics is posted on our Website. The Internet address for our Website is www.woodward.com, and the code of ethics may be found from our main Web page by clicking first on Investors and then on Corporate Governance, and then on Woodward Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 We intend to satisfy any disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this code of ethics by posting such information to our Website, at the address and location specified above. 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

 Information regarding executive compensation is under the captions Board Meetings and Committees Director Compensation, Board Meetings and Committees Compensation Committee Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report, Executive Compensation and Board Meetings and Committees Compensation Committee Risk Assessment in our Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference, except the section captioned Compensation Committee Report on Compensation Discussion and Analysis is hereby furnished and not filed with this Form 10-K. 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters is under the tables captioned Stock Ownership of Management, Persons Owning More Than Five Percent of Woodward Stock, and Executive Compensation Equity Compensation Plan Information in our Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 The information set forth under Related Person Transaction Policies and Procedures, Proposal 1: Election of Directors and Audit Committee Report to Stockholders in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference except the section captioned Audit Committee Report is hereby furnished and not filed with this Form 10-K. 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

 Information regarding principal accountant fees and services is under the captions Audit Committee Report to Stockholders Audit Committee s Policy on Pre-Approval of Services Provided by Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Audit Committee Report to Stockholders Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 96 

PA RT I V 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Page Number in Form 10-K 

(a) 
 
 (1) 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

41 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 

44 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 

45 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2021 and 2020 

46 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 

47 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 

48 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

49 

Financial statements and schedules other than those listed above are omitted for the reason that they are not applicable, are not required, or the information is included in the financial statements or the footnotes. 

(a) 
 
 (2) 
 
 Exhibits Filed as Part of This Report: 

2.1 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement relating to the sale and purchase of all shares in L Orange GmbH and Fluid Mechanics LLC dated April 8, 2018, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 8, 2018 

3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended October 3, 2007, filed as Exhibit 3(i)(a) to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 20, 2008 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Woodward, Inc., as amended and restated on January 11, 2020, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 12, 2015 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, dated January 23, 2008, filed as Exhibit 3(i)(b) to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 20, 2008 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated January 26, 2011, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 28, 2011 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Rights, Preferences and Privileges of Series B Preferred Stock 

10.1 
 
 Long-Term Management Incentive Compensation Plan, filed as Exhibit 10(c) to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed December 22, 2000 

10.2 
 
 Summary Description of the Woodward Variable Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 16, 2016 

10.3 
 
 2006 Omnibus Incentive Plan, effective January 25, 2006, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed April 28, 2006 

10.4 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Woodward, Inc. 2006 Omnibus Incentive Plan, effective as of January 26, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.10 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 16, 2011 

10.5 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.12 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 15, 2012 

97 

10.6 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.13 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 14, 2013 

10.7 
 
 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, effective September 14, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed January 25, 2017 

10.8 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed January 25, 2017 

10.9 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to 2008 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2013, by and among the Company and the noteholders named therein, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 4, 2013 

10.10 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated October 1, 2013, by and among the Company and the purchasers named therein, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 4, 2013 

10.11 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated September 23, 2016, by and among the Company and the purchasers named therein, filed as Exhibit 10.20 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 16, 2016 

10.12 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated September 23, 2016, by and among Woodward International Holding B.V. and the purchasers named therein, filed as Exhibit 10.21 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 16, 2016 

10.13 
 
 Form of Change in Control Agreement for the Company s principal executive officer and other executive officers, filed as Exhibit 10.25 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 12, 2014 

10.14 
 
 Form of Change in Control Agreement for Robert F. Weber, Jr., filed as Exhibit 10.26 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 12, 2014 

10.15 
 
 Executive Benefit Plan, as amended and restated as of September 18, 2013, filed as Exhibit 10.31 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 14, 2013 

10.16 
 
 Woodward Retirement Savings Plan, as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed February 9, 2016 

10.17 
 
 Thomas G. Cromwell employment offer letter, dated January 30, 2019, filed as exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 8, 2019 

10.18 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement between Woodward, Inc. and General Electric Company dated January 4, 2016 filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 8, 2016 

10.19 
 
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Convergence Fuel Systems, LLC, dated January 4, 2016 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 8, 2016 

10.20 
 
 Frame Development and Purchase Agreement between MTU Friedrichshafen GmbH and L Orange GmbH, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 8, 2018 

10.21 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated May 31, 2018, by and among Woodward, Inc. and the purchasers named therein, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 4, 2018 

10.22 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to 2013 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2018, by and among Woodward, Inc. and the noteholders names therein, filed as Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 4, 2018 

10.23 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to 2016 Series M Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2018, by and among Woodward, Inc. and the noteholders names therein filed as Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 4, 2018 

10.24 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to 2016 Series N and O Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2018, by and among Woodward International Holding B.V., Woodward, Inc. and the noteholders names therein, filed as Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 4, 2018 

98 

10.25 
 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated June 19, 2019, by and among the Company, certain foreign subsidiaries borrowers of the Company from time to time parties thereto, the institutions from time to time party thereto, as lenders, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, filed as Exhibit 10.1 on Form 10-Q, filed August 12, 2019 

10.26 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.40 on Form 10-K, filed November 13, 2018 

10.27 
 
 Outside Director Compensation Policy 

10.28 
 
 Mark D. Hartman promotion offer letter, dated July 29, 2021 

10.29 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Change in Control Agreement 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification of Thomas A. Gendron 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification of Mark D. Hartman 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 certifications 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and Contained in Exhibit 101) 

Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following materials from Woodward, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Report (file number 000-08408, unless otherwise indicated). 

Filed as an exhibit to this Report. 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

 Not applicable. 
 99 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WOODWARD, INC. 

Date: November 19, 2021 

/s/ Thomas A. Gendron 

Thomas A. Gendron 

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 19, 2021 

/s/ Mark D. Hartman 

Mark D. Hartman 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Rajeev Bhalla 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Rajeev Bhalla 

/s/ John D. Cohn 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

John D. Cohn 

/s/ Paul Donovan 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Paul Donovan 

/s/ Eileen P. Drake 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Eileen P. Drake 

/s/ David Hess 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

David Hess 

/s/ Thomas A. Gendron 

Chairman of the Board 

November 19, 2021 

Thomas A. Gendron 

and Director 

/s/ Daniel G. Korte 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Daniel G. Korte 

/s/ Mary L. Petrovich 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Mary L. Petrovich 

/s/ Ronald M. Sega 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Ronald M. Sega 

/s/ Gregg C. Sengstack 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Gregg C. Sengstack 

100 

<EX-10.27>
 2
 wwd-ex1027_309.htm
 EX-10.27

wwd-ex1027_309.htm

Exhibit 10.27 
 Woodward, Inc. 
 OUTSIDE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION POLICY 
 (Effective October 1, 2021) 
 Woodward, Inc. (the Company believes that the granting of equity and cash compensation to its members of the Board of Directors (the Board, and members of the Board, the Directors represents an effective tool to attract, retain and fairly compensate Directors who are not employees of the Company (the Outside Directors ). This Outside Director Compensation Policy (the Policy is intended to formalize the Company s policy regarding cash compensation and grants of equity to its Outside Directors. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Policy will have the meaning given such term in the Woodward, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan ). Each Outside Director will be solely responsible for any income tax obligations incurred as a result of the equity and cash payments received under this Policy. 

1. 
 
 Cash Compensation 

 Annual Cash Retainer 
 Each Outside Director will be paid an annual cash retainer in such amount as may be determined by the Board from time to time in accordance with Section 4, below. As of the date hereof, the annual cash retainer for each Outside Director has been established to be 85,000. If an Outside Director serves for less than a full fiscal year, the retainer fee and the applicable additional annual cash retainers listed below will be pro-rated on a monthly basis based on the full calendar months such Outside Director serves on the Board for such fiscal year. 
 Additional Annual Cash Retainers 
 Each Outside Director who serves as a member of a committee of the Board or as the Lead Director will be paid additional annual fees as follows: 

Lead Director 
 
 25,000 

Audit Committee Chairman 
 Audit Committee Non-Chair Members 
 
 23,000 
 13,000 

Compensation Committee Chairman 
 Compensation Committee Non-Chair Members 
 
 12,500 
 6,500 

Nominating Governance Committee Chairman 
 Nominating Governance Committee Non-Chair Members 
 
 12,500 
 6,500 

Annual, Lead Director, and Committee membership retainers are paid in four equal quarterly installments. Directors do not receive additional compensation for individual Board or Committee meetings held. 
 The Board in its discretion may change and otherwise revise the terms of the cash compensation granted under this Policy, including without limitation the amount of cash compensation to be paid. 

Exhibit 10.27 

2. 
 
 Equity Compensation 

 Outside Directors will be entitled to receive all types of Awards (except Incentive Stock Options) under the Plan (or the applicable equity plan in place at the time of grant), including discretionary Awards not covered under this Policy. All grants of Awards to Outside Directors pursuant to Section 2 of this Policy (each, a Policy Grant will be automatic and nondiscretionary, except as otherwise provided herein, and will be made in accordance with the following provisions: 

a. 
 
 Initial Grant . Each Outside Director appointed to the Board at any time, other than (i) as of the beginning of the Company s fiscal year (thereby entitling such Outside Director to the Annual Grant (as defined in subsection b. below)), or (ii) during the last month of the Company s fiscal year, shall be entitled to receive an initial, interim grant in the form of Non-Qualified Stock Options (each Non-Qualified Stock Option, an option such grant, the Initial Grant ). The Initial Grant shall have a targeted delivered value equal to the targeted delivered value of the Annual Grant awarded to Outside Directors as of the beginning of the then-current fiscal year, pro-rated on the basis of the remaining full months of service such Outside Director will serve for the balance of such then-current fiscal year. 

b. 
 
 Annual Grant . Outside Directors are annually awarded equity compensation on the first business day of the Company s fiscal year in the form of options based on a targeted delivered value of 140,000 (the Annual Grant ). The number of options awarded to each director in the Annual Grant is based on the targeted delivered value divided by the Black-Scholes value of an option as calculated by the Company s compensation consultant for a given year. 

c. 
 
 Delivered Value . For purposes of this Policy, delivered value means the total Black-Scholes value of the option grant as calculated as of as closely to the effective date of the grant as practicable. 

d. 
 
 No Discretion . Unless otherwise determined by the Board, no person will have any discretion to select which Outside Directors will be granted an Initial Grant or Annual Grant under this Policy or to determine the number of options to be covered by such Initial Grant or Annual Grant, as applicable (except as provided in Sections 7 and 10 below). 

e. 
 
 Terms . The exercise price of the options will be determined on the effective grant date and will not be less than (and typically will be equal to) the closing price of the Company s stock as quoted on NASDAQ on that day. Each Policy Grant will be subject to the terms of the Company s applicable form Award Agreement for Outside Directors, as approved by the Compensation Committee from time to time. As of the date of adoption of this Policy, such form Award Agreement provides as follows: 

i. 
 
 Each option tranche will vest at the rate of 25 per year, assuming continued service on the Board. 

ii. 
 
 For options granted on or after October 1, 2013, upon termination as a Director due to retirement, any such options will (a) (subject to the death or disability of the grantee) continue vest in accordance with the original vesting schedule, and (b) upon 

Exhibit 10.27 

vesting, continue to be exercisable until the expiration of the options. For the foregoing purposes our directors are eligible for retirement upon attaining age 55. 

3. 
 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan 

 Our Outside Directors are eligible to participate in a non-qualified deferred compensation plan, the Woodward Executive Benefit Plan EBP ). Under the EBP, our Outside Directors are able to defer up to 100 of their cash compensation, including retainer fees, and any fees for participation as a committee member, committee chairman, or Lead Director. 

4. 
 
 Evaluation of Board Compensation Program 

 The Nominating Governance Committee evaluates the market competitiveness of the Company s Board compensation program on a periodic basis, typically every two years. As a part of such evaluation, the Nominating Governance Committee commissions the Company s compensation consultant to conduct a competitive assessment of the Company s Board compensation program relative to market practice. Based on the results of the competitive assessment, the Nominating Governance Committee recommends to the Board changes (if any) to the cash and/or equity compensation granted to Outside Directors, including any additional compensation paid for service as a member of a committee of the Board or as the Lead Director. 

5. 
 
 Expenses 

 All expenses reasonably incurred by each Outside Director in connection with such individual s services on the Board will be reimbursed by the Company. 

6. 
 
 Additional Provisions 

 Except as specifically described in this Policy, all provisions of the Plan will apply to Awards granted to Outside Directors. 

7. 
 
 Adjustments 

 In accordance with the Plan, in the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, reincorporation, reclassification, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares occurs, the Administrator, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under this Policy, will adjust the number and class of shares of stock that may be issued under this Policy and/or the number, class and price of shares of stock covered by each outstanding Award, and the numerical share limits applicable to Outside Directors in Sections 3 and 5 of Plan. 

8. 
 
 Limitations 

Exhibit 10.27 

As of the date of adoption of this Policy, the Plan provides that no Outside Director may be granted, in any Fiscal Year, Awards (the value of which will be based on their Grant Date fair value determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles) which, in the aggregate, exceed 300,000, provided that such amount is increased to 450,000 in the Fiscal Year of his or her initial service as an Outside Director. Any Awards or other compensation provided to an individual for his or her services as an Employee, or for his or her services as a Consultant other than as an Outside Director, will be excluded for purposes of the limitations in this Section 8. 

9. 
 
 Section 409A 

 Policy Grants and all payments made hereunder will be in accordance with the Plan, which as of the date of adoption of this Policy provides that they are to be designed and operated in such a manner that they are either exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral thereof, as applicable, will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Section 409A, except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. This Policy, the Plan and each Award Agreement is intended to meet the requirements of Section 409A, to the extent applicable, and will be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent, except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. To the extent that a Policy Grant or other payment, or the settlement or deferral thereof, is subject to Section 409A, such grant or payment will be granted, paid, settled or deferred in a manner that will meet the requirements of Section 409A, such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Section 409A. In no event will the Company or other Employer have any obligation under this Policy or the Plan to reimburse an Outside Director for any taxes or other costs that may be imposed on an Outside Director as a result of Section 409A. 

10. 
 
 Revisions 

 The Board or any committee designated by the Board may amend, alter, suspend or terminate this Policy at any time and for any reason. No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of this Policy will materially impair the rights of an Outside Director with respect to compensation that already has been paid or awarded, unless otherwise mutually agreed between the Outside Director and the Company. Termination or modification of this Policy will not affect the Board s or the Administrator s ability to exercise the powers granted to it under the Plan with respect to Awards granted under the Plan and pursuant to this Policy prior to the date of such termination or modification. 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 3
 wwd-ex1028_85.htm
 EX-10.28

wwd-ex1028_85.htm

Exhibit 10.28 
 To: Mark Hartman 
 Date: July 29, 2021 
 
 On July 27, 2021, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors met and approved your compensation in connection with your upcoming appointment to the position of Chief Financial Officer. In this role, you will continue to be based in Fort Collins, Colorado and will report to Tom Gendron, Chairman and CEO. 
 Your new compensation information, effective October 1, 2021, is as follows: 

Annual base salary: 475,000 

WVIP target: 70 of base salary 

o 
 
 The WVIP is considered variable pay and is contingent on company performance. 

Total LTI compensation target of 850,000, consisting of: 

o 
 
 Stock option delivered value target: 690,400 

This position is eligible for consideration for stock options. Options are typically reviewed and approved by the Compensation Committee in the October timeframe. The target delivered value is being provided as a reference for this position as actual award may vary. 

o 
 
 Woodward Cash Long Term Incentive (Cash LTI) target: 159,600 (40 of base salary) : 

You will continue to participate in the Woodward Cash LTI Program, at the level specified above. This is a cash incentive compensation plan for selected top executives of the Company. The plan consists of a three-year performance period, with a new performance period starting at the beginning of each fiscal year. To the extent that the designated goals are achieved, some multiple of the target award will be paid at the end of the performance period. 

 Award value adjusted for risk of forfeiture 
 
 Total Target Compensation: 475,000 + 332,500 + 850,000 = 1,657,500 
 
 Woodward values your contributions and congratulates you on this advancement in your career! 
 Best regards, 

/s/ Tom Gendron 

/s/ Paul Benson 

Tom Gendron 

Paul Benson 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.29>
 4
 wwd-ex1029_308.htm
 EX-10.29

wwd-ex1029_308.htm

Exhibit 10.29 
 Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Change in Control Agreement 
 THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AND CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT is made, entered into, and is effective this ___________________ day of ___________ 2021, (hereinafter referred to as the " Effective Date "), by and between Woodward, Inc. (the " Company "), a Delaware corporation, and __________________ (the " Executive "). 
 WHEREAS, the Executive is currently employed by the Company and possesses considerable experience and knowledge of the business and affairs of the Company concerning its policies, methods, personnel, and operations; and 
 WHEREAS, the Company is desirous of assuring insofar as possible, that it will continue to have the benefit of the Executive's services; and the Executive is desirous of having such assurances; and 
 WHEREAS, the Company recognizes that circumstances may arise in which the Executive s employment may be terminated without cause, including (without limitation) in connection with a Change in Control, through acquisition or otherwise, thereby causing uncertainty of employment without regard to the Executive's competence or past contributions. Such uncertainty may result in the loss of the valuable services of the Executive to the detriment of the Company and its stockholders; and 
 WHEREAS, both the Company and the Executive are desirous that the Executive be motivated to remain with the Company and that any proposal for a Change in Control or acquisition be considered by the Executive objectively and with reference only to the business interests of the Company and its stockholders; and 
 WHEREAS, the Executive will be in a better position to consider the Company's best interests if the Executive is afforded reasonable security, as provided in this Agreement, against certain altered conditions of employment, including (without limitation) in connection with a Change in Control; and 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive previously entered into an Amended and Restated Executive Change in Control Severance Agreement dated [DATE] (the " Prior Agreement "); and 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive now desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement as hereinafter provided. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and agreements of the parties set forth in this Agreement, and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 
 1 

Exhibit 10.29 
 ARTICLE 1 Definitions 
 Wherever used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below and, when the meaning is intended, the initial letter of the word is capitalized: 
 (a) " Agreement " means this Amended and Restated Executive Change in Control Severance Agreement. 
 (b) " Base Salary " means, at any time, the then regular annual rate of pay which the Executive is receiving as annual base salary. 
 (c) " Board " means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (d) " Cause " means the occurrence, prior to any termination of employment, of any one or more of the following: 
 (i) The Executive's willful and continued failure to substantially perform the Executive's duties with the Company (other than any such failure resulting from the incapacity due to physical or mental illness), after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the Executive that specifically identifies the manner in which the Committee believes that the Executive has not substantially performed the Executive's duties, and the Executive has failed to remedy the situation within fifteen (15) business days of such written notice from the Committee; or 
 (ii) The Executive's commission of an act materially and demonstrably detrimental to the financial condition and/or goodwill of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, which act constitutes gross negligence or willful misconduct by the Executive in the performance of the Executive's material duties to the Company or any of its subsidiaries; or 
 (iii) The Executive's commission of any material act of dishonesty or breach of trust resulting or intended to result in material personal gain or enrichment of the Executive at the expense of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; or 
 (iv) The Executive's conviction of a felony involving moral turpitude, but specifically excluding any conviction based entirely on vicarious liability. 
 No act or failure to act will be considered "willful" unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Executive's action or omission was in the best interests of the Company. In addition, no act or omission will constitute Cause unless (A) a resolution finding that Cause exists has been approved by a majority of all of the members of the Board at a meeting at which the Executive is allowed to appear with legal counsel and (B) the Company has given detailed written notice thereof to the Executive and, where remedial action is feasible, the Executive then fails to remedy the act or omission within a reasonable time after receiving such notice. 
 2 

Exhibit 10.29 
 (e) " Change in Control " of the Company means the occurrence during the Term of any one (1) or more of the following events: 
 (i) Any "person" (as defined in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the " Exchange Act ")), excluding for this purpose the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or any employee benefit plan of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or any person or entity organized, appointed or established by the Company for or pursuant to the terms of such plan which acquires beneficial ownership of voting securities of the Company, is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d 3 under the Exchange Act) directly or indirectly of securities of the Company representing thirty percent (30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities; provided, however, that no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred (1) as the result of an acquisition of securities of the Company by the Company which, by reducing the number of voting securities outstanding, increases the direct or indirect beneficial ownership interest of any person to thirty percent (30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities, but any subsequent increase in the direct or indirect beneficial ownership interest of such a person in the Company shall be deemed a Change in Control provided that such subsequent increase either occurs while such person has a direct or indirect beneficial ownership interest of thirty percent (30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities or results in such person then having a direct or indirect beneficial ownership interest of thirty percent (30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities, or (2) as a result of the acquisition directly from the Company of securities of the Company representing less than 50 of the voting power of the Company, or (3) if the Board determines in good faith that a person who has become the beneficial owner directly or indirectly of securities of the Company representing thirty percent (30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities has inadvertently reached that level of ownership interest, and if such person divests as promptly as practicable a sufficient amount of securities of the Company so that the person no longer has a direct or indirect beneficial ownership interest in thirty percent (30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities; or 
 (ii) During any period of twelve (12) consecutive months (not including any period prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such twelve month period constitute the Board and any new director or directors (except for any director designated by a person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in subparagraph (i), above, or subparagraph (iii), below) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company's shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board (such individuals and any such new directors being referred to as the " Incumbent Board "); or 
 3 

Exhibit 10.29 
 (iii) Consummation of a plan of merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation or a similar transaction or series of transactions involving the Company (a " Business Combination " ), in each case unless after such a Business Combination (x the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to the Business Combination continue to own, directly or indirectly, at least fifty one percent (51 of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the new (or continued) entity (including, but not by way of limitation, an entity which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company ' s former assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) immediately after such Business Combination, in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such Business Combination, and (y at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the entity resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; or 
 (iv) During any period of not more than twelve (12) consecutive months (not including any period prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement), the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of at least forty percent (40 of the total gross fair market value of the Company's assets as determined by the Committee (or any transaction or series of transactions having a similar effect) unless after such transaction or series of transactions (x) the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to the transaction or series of transactions continue to own, directly or indirectly, at least fifty one percent (51 of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the acquiring entity (including, but not by way of limitation, an entity which as a result of such transaction or series of transactions owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company's former assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) immediately after such transaction or series of transactions, in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions, and (y) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of such entity were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such transaction or series of transactions. 
 (f) " Change in Control Period " means the time period beginning on the date that is three (3) months prior to a Change in Control and ending on the date that is twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control. 
 (g) " Code " means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Reference to a specific section of the Code or regulation thereunder will include such section or regulation, any valid regulation promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such section or regulation. 
 (h) " Committee " means the Compensation Committee of the Board or, if no Compensation Committee exists, then the full Board of Directors of the Company, or a committee of Board members, as appointed by the full Board to administer this Agreement. 
 4 

Exhibit 10.29 
 (i) " Company " means Woodward, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto as provided in Article 9. 
 (j) " Disability " or " Disabled " means the absence of the Executive from the Executive's duties with the Company on a full time basis for a six consecutive month period as a result of incapacity due to mental or physical illness which is determined to be total and permanent by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to the Executive or the Executive's legal representative. 
 (k) " Effective Date " means the date as specified in the opening sentence of this Agreement. 
 (l) " Effective Date of Termination " means the date on which a Qualifying Termination occurs, as provided in Section 2.2, which triggers the payment of Severance Benefits hereunder. 
 (m) " Good Reason " means, without the Executive's express written consent, the occurrence of any one (1) or more of the following (whether on account of a single action or a series of actions): 
 (i) The material diminution in the Executive's authorities, duties or responsibilities as an executive and/or officer of the Company; or 
 (ii) The Company's requiring the Executive to have a principal job location in excess of fifty (50) miles from the location of the Executive's principal job location at any time during the 12 month period immediately preceding the Change in Control; except for required travel on the Company's business to an extent substantially consistent with the Executive's then present business travel obligations; or 
 (iii) (A) During a Change in Control Period, a reduction by the Company of the Executive's Base Salary by more than 10 , and (B) Outside of a Change in Control Period, a reduction by the Company of the Executive's Base Salary by more than 15 (provided that outside of a Change in Control Period, a reduction will not be a basis for Good Reason if the same or a larger percentage reduction contemporaneously is applied to all other executive officers of the Company); or 
 (iv) (A) During a Change in Control Period, a reduction by the Company of more than 10 in the Executive's overall compensation, including short and long term incentive compensation opportunities (including, but not limited to, equity compensation awards at target grant date fair value), employee benefits and retirement plans, policies, practices or other compensation arrangements in which the Executive participates; and (B) Outside of a Change in Control Period, a reduction by the Company of more than 15 in the Executive's overall compensation, including short and long term incentive compensation opportunities (including, but not limited to, equity compensation awards at target grant date fair value), employee benefits and retirement plans, policies, practices or other compensation arrangements in which the Executive participates (provided that outside of a Change in Control Period, a reduction will 
 5 

Exhibit 10.29 
 not be a basis for Good Reason if the same or a larger percentage reduction contemporaneously is applied to all other executive officers of the Company) ; or 
 (v) The failure of the Company to obtain an agreement from any successor to the Company to assume and agree to perform the Company's obligations under this Agreement, as contemplated in Article 9; or 
 (vi) A material breach of this Agreement by the Company. 
 Unless the Executive becomes Disabled, the Executive's right to terminate employment for Good Reason shall not be affected by the Executive's incapacity due to physical or mental illness. A termination of employment by the Executive for one of the reasons set forth in subparagraphs (i) through (vi), above, will not constitute "Good Reason" unless, within the 90 day period immediately following the occurrence of such Good Reason event, the Executive has given written notice to the Company specifying the event or events relied upon for such termination, the Company has not remedied such event or events within 30 days of the receipt of such notice and the Executive resigns within six months following the occurrence of the Good Reason event or at such later time as the Executive and the Company mutually agree (it being understood that the parties consider any effects of Section 409A before reaching agreement). 
 (n) " Notice of Termination " means a written notice which shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive's employment under the provision so indicated. 
 (o) " Qualifying Termination " is defined in Section 2.2. The occurrence of a Qualifying Termination may trigger the payment of Severance Benefits, as provided under this Agreement 
 (p) " Severance Benefits " mean the payment of severance and non severance compensation as provided in Section 2.3 or Section 2.4, whichever is applicable. 
 (q) " Term " means the term of this Agreement as provided in Article 7. 
 ARTICLE 2 Severance Benefits 
 2.1 Right to Severance Benefits . Subject to the provisions of Section 11.11, the Executive shall be entitled to receive from the Company Severance Benefits as described in Section 2.3 or 2.4, as applicable if the Executive incurs a Qualifying Termination. The Executive shall not be entitled to receive duplicative severance benefits under any other Company related plans or programs if benefits are triggered hereunder. 
 6 

Exhibit 10.29 
 2.2 Qualifying Termination . A Qualifying Termination shall be the occurrence of any one of the following events: 
 (a) The Company's termination of the Executive's employment without Cause; or 
 (b) The termination of employment by the Executive for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, a Qualifying Termination shall not include the Executive's termination of employment by reason of death or Disability, or the Executive's voluntary retirement or other voluntary termination for reasons other than as specified in Section 2.2(b), or the Company's termination for Cause. 
 2.3 Severance Benefits outside of a Change in Control Period . In the event the Executive becomes entitled to receive Severance Benefits, as provided in Section 2.1, for a termination of employment that occurs outside of a Change in Control Period, the Company shall pay to the Executive and provide the Executive with the following Severance Benefits subject to the provisions of Article 5 below: 
 (a) A lump sum amount equal to the Executive's unpaid Base Salary, accrued vacation pay, unreimbursed business expenses, and all other items earned by and owed to the Executive through and including the Effective Date of Termination (the " Accrued Obligations "). 
 (b) A lump sum amount equal to (i) the Executive's annual bonus (if any) that the Executive otherwise would have earned for the year that includes the Effective Date of Termination (had the Executive remained employed for the entirety of such year), as determined at the Committee's discretion; multiplied by (ii) a fraction the numerator of which is the full number of completed days in the annual bonus plan year as of the Effective Date of Termination, and the denominator of which is 365. Any such payment will be made at the same time as other payouts (if any) under the applicable bonus plan and will be in lieu of any other payment to be made to the Executive under the annual bonus plan in which the Executive is then participating for the plan year in which the Executive's Effective Date of Termination occurs. 
 (c) In consideration for the Executive agreeing to the restrictive covenants described in Article 4, a lump sum amount equal to the sum of: (i) Executive's Base Salary in effect upon the Effective Date of Termination (without regard to any reduction that would constitute Good Reason), and (ii) the higher of: (A) the Executive's annual target bonus established under the annual bonus plan in which the Executive then is participating for the bonus plan year in which the Executive's Effective Date of Termination occurs, or (B) the Executive's annual target bonus for the most recent bonus plan year ended prior to the bonus plan year in which the Executive's Effective Date of Termination occurs. 
 7 

Exhibit 10.29 
 (d) Vesting and cash out of any and all outstanding cash based long term incentive awards held by the Executive, as granted to the Executive by the Company as a component of the Executive ' s compensation . The cash out of any such award (s) shall be in a lump sum amount or amounts equal to i the Executive ' s cash based award (s) (if any) under the Company's long term incentive plan that the Executive otherwise would have earned for the performance period(s) that include the Effective Date of Termination (had the Executive remained employed for the entirety of each respective performance period), as determined at the Committee ' s discretion; multiplied by (ii a fraction the numerator of which is the full number of completed days in the preestablished performance period for the award as of the Effective Date of Termination, and the denominator of which is the full number of days in the entire performance period (e.g., typically thirty six (36) months) . Any such payment(s) will made at the same time as other payouts (if any) for the applicable performance period(s) under the long-term cash-based incentive plan and will be in lieu of any other payment to be made to the Executive for the applicable performance period(s) under these cash based long term performance based awards. 
 (e) Continued vesting of the Executive s then outstanding but unvested Company-issued equity compensation awards that would have vested based solely on continued employment had Executive remained employed for an additional twelve (12) months) (in other words, excluding any awards the vesting of which as of the date of termination of employment is (i) subject to the attainment of performance conditions that have not been achieved as of the date of termination of employment, or (ii) scheduled to occur more than twelve (12) months after such termination of employment). 
 (f) Executive s vested unexpired stock options (if any) and vested unexpired stock appreciation rights (if any) will continue to be exercisable (if not exercised earlier) until the maximum expiration date of the stock option or stock appreciation right as set forth in the applicable award agreement (but subject to earlier termination upon certain corporate transactions as provided in the applicable award agreement or applicable Company equity plan) For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 2.3(f) shall apply to any stock options and stock appreciation rights that are vested as of the date of the Executive s termination of employment and to any stock options and stock appreciation rights that vest after the date of the Executive s termination of employment pursuant to Section 2.3(e) or otherwise. 
 (g) A lump sum amount equal to the cash equivalent of the aggregate amount of the cost (in excess of applicable contributions whether made on a pre tax or after tax basis that the Executive would be required to make as an active employee) to the Company and its affiliates of continuing for twelve (12) month period, or if shorter, to the date which the Executive becomes eligible to receive Medicare benefits, the health and welfare benefit coverages under which the Executive was covered immediately prior to the Executive's Effective Date of Termination. The lump sum amount shall be determined based the same coverage level and cost to the Company as in effect immediately prior to the Executive's Effective Date of Termination. 
 8 

Exhibit 10.29 
 (h) For the avoidance of doubt, the Severance Benefits provided under this Section 2.3 are not intended to deprive the Executive of any accelerated or continued vesting or continued exercisability of Company-issued equity compensation awards to which the Executive otherwise may be entitled under any applicable Company equity compensation plan or applicable award agreement for any such Company-issued equity compensation award. 
 2.4 Severance Benefits within a Change in Control Period . In the event the Executive becomes entitled to receive Severance Benefits, as provided in Section 2.1, for a termination of employment that occurs within a Change in Control Period, the Company shall pay to the Executive and provide the Executive with the following Severance Benefits subject to the provisions of Article 5 below: 
 (a) A lump sum amount equal to the Executive's unpaid Base Salary, accrued vacation pay, unreimbursed business expenses, and all other items earned by and owed to the Executive through and including the Effective Date of Termination (the " Accrued Obligations "). 
 (b) A lump sum amount equal to (i) the higher of the following: (A) the Executive's annual bonus award earned as of the Effective Date of Termination, based on annualized actual year to date performance, as determined at the Committee's discretion, under the annual bonus plan in which the Executive is then participating for the bonus plan year in which the Executive's Effective Date of Termination occurs or (B) the Executive's annual target bonus (without regard to any reduction that would constitute Good Reason) established under such plan for such year; multiplied by (ii) a fraction the numerator of which is the full number of completed days in the annual bonus plan year as of the Effective Date of Termination, and the denominator of which is 365. This payment will be in lieu of any other payment to be made to the Executive under the annual bonus plan in which the Executive is then participating for the plan year in which the Executive's Effective Date of Termination occurs. 
 (c) A lump sum amount equal to the sum of the following: (i) the higher of: (A) the Executive's Base Salary in effect upon the Effective Date of Termination, or (B) the Executive's Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the date of the Change in Control (without regard to any reduction that would constitute Good Reason); and (ii) the higher of: (A) the Executive's annual target bonus established under the annual bonus plan in which the Executive is then participating for the bonus plan year in which the Executive's Effective Date of Termination occurs, or (B) the Executive's annual target bonus for the most recent bonus plan year ended prior to the date of the Change in Control. 
 (d) In consideration for the Executive agreeing to the restrictive covenants described in Article 4, an additional lump sum amount equal to the sum of the following: (i) the higher of: (A) the Executive's Base Salary in effect upon the Effective Date of Termination, or (B) the Executive's Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the date of the Change in Control (without regard to any reduction that would constitute Good Reason); and (ii) the higher of: (A) the Executive's annual target bonus established under the annual bonus plan in which the Executive is then participating for the bonus plan year in which the Executive's Effective Date of Termination occurs, or (B) the Executive's annual target bonus (without regard to any reduction 
 9 

Exhibit 10.29 
 that would constitute Good Reason) for the most recent bonus plan year ended prior to the date of the Change in Control. 
 (e) Vesting and cash out of any and all outstanding cash based long term incentive awards held by the Executive, as granted to the Executive by the Company as a component of the Executive's compensation. The cash out of any such award shall be in a lump sum amount equal to (i) the higher of the following: (A) the Executive's cash based award earned as of the Effective Date of Termination under the Company's long term incentive plan, based on actual performance, as determined at the Committee's discretion, for the applicable performance period through the Effective Date of Termination, or (B) the target award level (without regard to any reduction that would constitute Good Reason) established for such award; multiplied by (ii) a fraction the numerator of which is the full number of completed days in the preestablished performance period for the award as of the Effective Date of Termination, and the denominator of which is the full number of days in the entire performance period (e.g., typically thirty six (36) months). This payment(s) will be in lieu of any other payment to be made to the Executive under these cash based long term performance based awards. 
 (f) A lump sum amount equal to the cash equivalent of the aggregate amount of contributions (other than pre tax salary deferral contributions by the Executive) that the Company and its affiliates would have made on behalf of the Executive to its tax qualified, defined contribution retirement plan(s), whether or not the Executive was vested therein, during the twenty four (24) month period beginning on the Effective Date of Termination, had (i) the Executive continued as an active participant therein during such period, (ii) the Executive's rate of compensation being recognized by each plan prior to the Effective Date of Termination continued in effect, (iii) in the case of matching contributions, the Executive's rate of contributions in effect on the date immediately prior to the Effective Date of Termination remained in effect and (iv) in the case of discretionary contributions by the Company or its affiliates, the Company and its affiliates continued to make such contributions at the rate that applied to the most recent plan year that ended prior to the Effective Date of Termination. 
 (g) A lump sum amount equal to the cash equivalent of the aggregate amount of the cost (in excess of applicable contributions whether made on a pre tax or after tax basis that the Executive would be required to make as an active employee) to the Company and its affiliates of continuing for a twenty four (24) month period, or if shorter, to the date which the Executive becomes eligible to receive Medicare benefits, the health and welfare benefit coverages under which the Executive was covered immediately prior to the Executive's Effective Date of Termination. The lump sum amount shall be determined based the same coverage level and cost to the Company as in effect immediately prior to the Executive's Effective Date of Termination. 
 (h) With regard to any Company-issued equity compensation awards that were issued prior to the Change in Control and did not immediately vest in connection with such Change in Control, continued vesting of such awards (but excluding any awards the vesting of which as of the date of termination of employment are subject to the attainment of performance conditions that have not been achieved as of the date of termination of employment). 
 10 

Exhibit 10.29 
 (i) With regard to any Company-issued equity compensation awards that were issued in or after the Change in Control, continued vesting of such awards that would have vested based solely on continued employment had Executive remained employed for an additional twelve (12) months (in other words, excluding any awards the vesting of which as of the date of termination of employment is i subject to the attainment of performance conditions that have not been achieved as of the date of termination of employment, or (ii) scheduled to occur more than twelve (12) months after such termination of employment). 
 (j) Executive s vested unexpired stock options (if any) and vested unexpired stock appreciation rights (if any) will continue to be exercisable (if not exercised earlier) until the maximum expiration date of the stock option or stock appreciation right as set forth in the applicable award agreement (but subject to earlier termination upon certain corporate transactions as provided in the applicable award agreement or applicable Company equity plan). For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 2.4(j) shall apply to any stock options and stock appreciation rights that are vested as of the date of the Executive s termination of employment and to any stock options and stock appreciation rights that vest after the date of the Executive s termination of employment pursuant to Section 2.4(i), Section 2.4(h) or otherwise. 
 (k) For the avoidance of doubt, the Severance Benefits provided under this Section 2.4 are not intended to deprive the Executive of any accelerated or continued vesting or continued exercisability of Company-issued equity compensation awards to which the Executive otherwise may be entitled under any applicable Company equity compensation plan or applicable award agreement for any such Company-issued equity compensation award. 
 2.5 Termination for Any Reason Other Than a Qualifying Termination . Following a Change in Control, if the Executive incurs a termination of employment which is not a Qualifying Termination, the Company shall pay the Executive the Executive's Accrued Obligations and the Company shall have no further obligations to the Executive under this Agreement. 
 2.6 Notice of Termination . Any termination of the Executive's employment by the Company for Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party. 
 ARTICLE 3 Form and Timing of Severance Benefits 
 3.1 Form and Timing of Severance Benefits . Subject to the provisions of Article 10, the Severance Benefits described in Section 2.3 shall be paid in cash to the Executive in a single lump sum as soon as practicable but, except as provided in Section 11.11, in no event later than thirty (30) days following the Effective Date of Termination. 
 3.2 Withholding . The Company shall withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement all federal, state, city, or other taxes and amounts as legally shall be required. 
 11 

Exhibit 10.29 
 ARTICLE 4 Restrictive Covenants 
 The Executive shall be subject to the following restrictive covenants as of the Effective Date of this Agreement: 
 (a) Noncompetition . Unless prohibited by applicable law, during the term of employment with the Company or its affiliates or subsidiaries and for a period of twelve (12) months after the Effective Date of Termination, the Executive shall not: (i) directly or indirectly act alone or in concert or conspire with any person in order to engage in or prepare to engage in or to have a financial or other interest in any business or any activity which the Executive knows (or reasonably should have known) to be directly competitive with the business of the Company or its subsidiaries as then being carried on; or (ii) serve as an employee, agent, partner, shareholder, director or consultant for, or in any other capacity participate, engage, or have a financial or other interest in any business or any activity which the Executive knows (or reasonably should have known) to be directly competitive with the business of the Company or its subsidiaries as then being carried on (provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Executive may own up to five percent (5 of the outstanding shares of the capital stock of a company whose securities are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). 
 (b) Confidentiality . The Company has advised the Executive, and the Executive acknowledges, that it is the policy of the Company to maintain as secret and confidential all Protected Information (as defined below), and that Protected Information has been and will be developed at substantial cost and effort to the Company. Other than in the regular course of the Executive's employment with the Company, all Protected Information shall remain confidential permanently and the Executive shall not at any time, directly or indirectly, divulge, furnish, or make accessible to any person, firm, corporation, association, or other entity, nor use in any manner, either during the term of employment or after termination, at any time, for any reason, any Protected Information, or cause any such information of the Company to enter the public domain, other than with the written consent of the Company or as may be required by law or legal process (after giving the Company notice and an opportunity to contest such requirement). 
 For purposes of this Agreement, " Protected Information " means trade secrets, confidential and proprietary business information of the Company and its subsidiaries, and any other information of the Company and its subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, customer lists (including potential customers), sources of supply, processes, plans, materials, pricing information, internal memoranda, marketing plans, internal policies, and products and services which may be developed from time to time by the Company and its subsidiaries and their agents or employees, including the Executive; provided, however, that information that is in the public domain (other than as a result of a breach by the Executive of this Agreement), approved for release by the Company or lawfully obtained from third parties who are not bound by a confidentiality agreement with the Company, is not Protected Information. 
 12 

Exhibit 10.29 
 (c) Nonsolicitation . During the term of employment and for a period of twelve (12) months after the Effective Date of Termination, the Executive shall not employ or retain or solicit for employment or arrange to have any other person, firm, or other entity employ or retain or solicit for employment or otherwise participate in the employment or retention of any person who is an employee or consultant of the Company or any subsidiary thereof. 
 (d) Cooperation . Executive agrees to cooperate with the Company and its attorneys in connection with any and all lawsuits, claims, investigations, or similar proceedings that have been or could be asserted at any time arising out of or related in any way to Executive's employment by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 
 (e) Nondisparagement . At all times, the Executive agrees not to disparage the Company or otherwise make comments harmful to the Company's reputation. 
 (f) Remedies . The Executive and the Company agree that the restrictive covenants contained in this Article 4 are reasonable under the circumstances, and further agree that if in the opinion of any court of competent jurisdiction any such covenant is not reasonable in any respect, such court will have the right, power and authority to excise or modify any provision or provisions of such covenants as to the court will appear not reasonable and to enforce the remainder of the covenants as so amended. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the remedy at law available to the Company for breach of any of the Executive's obligations under this Article 4 would be inadequate and that damages flowing from such a breach may not readily be susceptible to being measured in monetary terms. Accordingly, the Executive acknowledges, consents and agrees that, in addition to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have at law, in equity or under this Agreement, upon adequate proof of the Executive's violation of any such provision of this Agreement, the Company will be entitled to seek immediate injunctive relief, including but not limited to, a temporary order restraining any threatened or further breach, without the necessity of proof of actual damage. 
 ARTICLE 5 Golden Parachute 
 5.1 Potential Reduction . If any portion of the Severance Benefits or any other payment under this Agreement, or under any other agreement with, or plan of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates, including, without limitation, any stock option or similar right, or the lapse or termination of any restriction on or vesting or exercisability of any of the foregoing (in the aggregate, " Total Payments ") would constitute an "excess parachute payment" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and but for this Section, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then such Total Payments shall be either (a) delivered in full, or (b) delivered as to the maximum extent which would result in no portion of such Total Payments being subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 or similar state or local law, results in the receipt by the Executive on an after tax basis, of the greatest amount of Total Payments, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such Total Payments may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. 
 13 

Exhibit 10.29 
 5.2 Determination . A determination as to whether a reduction of Total Payments will be made pursuant to Section 5.1 shall be made at the Company ' s expense by a nationally recognized accounting or consulting firm " Advisor " selected by the Company . The Advisor shall provide such determination (the " Determination " ), together with detailed supporting calculations and documentation to the Executive and the Company within ten (10) business days of the Effective Date of Termination if applicable, or such other time as requested by the Company or by the Executive (provided the Executive reasonably believes that any of the Total Payments may be subject to the Excise Tax) . For purposes of making the calculations required by this paragraph, the Advisor may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code . The Company and the Executive shall furnish to the Advisor such information and documents as the Advisor may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section . Within ten (10) business days of the delivery of the Determination to the Executive and the Company, the Executive shall have the right to dispute the Determination . If there is no dispute, the Determination shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and the Executive subject to the application of Section 5.3. 
 5.3 Assignment of Reduction . In the event the Advisor shall determine that the Total Payments provided to the Executive should be reduced in order to provide the Executive the greatest amount of Total Payments, on an after tax basis, as described in Section 5.1, the Total Payments under this Agreement shall be reduced by the minimum extent necessary (but in no event to less than zero) so that no portion of such Total Payments, as so reduced, shall be subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code. Any necessary reduction shall be applied against the Severance Benefits in the following order: (a) reduction of cash payments in reverse chronological order (that is, the cash payment owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the excise tax will be the first cash payment to be reduced); (b) cancellation of equity awards that were granted contingent on a change in ownership or control within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code in the reverse order of date of grant of the equity awards (that is, the most recently granted equity awards will be cancelled first); (c) reduction of the accelerated or continued vesting of equity awards in the reverse order of date of grant of the equity awards (that is, the vesting of the most recently granted equity awards will be cancelled first); and (d) reduction of employee benefits in reverse chronological order (that is, the benefit owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the Excise Tax will be the first benefit to be reduced). In no event will Executive have any discretion with respect to the ordering of any reductions. 
 ARTICLE 6 The Company's Payment Obligation 
 6.1 Payment Obligations Absolute . The Company's obligation to make the payments and the arrangements provided for herein shall be absolute and unconditional, and shall not be affected by any circumstances including, without limitation, any offset, counterclaim, recoupment, defense, or other right which the Company may have against the Executive or anyone else. All amounts payable by the Company hereunder shall be paid without notice or demand. Each and every payment made hereunder by the Company shall be final. 
 14 

Exhibit 10.29 
 The Executive shall not be obligated to seek other employment in mitigation of the amounts payable or arrangements made under any provision of this Agreement, and the obtaining of any such other employment shall in no event affect the Company ' s obligations to make the payments and arrangements required to be made under this Agreement. 
 6.2 Contractual Rights to Benefits . This Agreement establishes and vests in the Executive a contractual right to the benefits to which the Executive is entitled hereunder. However, nothing herein contained shall require or be deemed to require, or prohibit or be deemed to prohibit, the Company to segregate, earmark, or otherwise set aside any funds or other assets, in trust or otherwise, to provide for any payments to be made or required hereunder. 
 ARTICLE 7 Term of Agreement 
 The term of this Agreement (the " Term ") will commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on the fifth anniversary thereof; provided, however, on the third anniversary of the Effective Date and on each anniversary thereafter, the then-existing Term shall be extended automatically by one (1) year, unless either party delivers written notice to the other party twenty-four (24) months prior to the end of the Term as it may have been extended, stating that the Term of this Agreement will not be extended or further extended, as the case may be. In such case, the Agreement will terminate at the end of the Term, or last automatically extended Term, as applicable. 
 Neither the expiration or termination of the Term nor the occurrence of a Change in Control will impair the rights or obligations of the Executive or the Company that accrue hereunder prior to such expiration, termination or occurrence, except to the extent specifically stated herein. In addition to the foregoing, (a) provided that the Executive is entitled to and ultimately receives Severance Benefits under Section 2.1, the Executive's covenants contained in Article 4 and release under Section 11.11 will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement and the Term or the termination of Executive's employment for any reason whatsoever and (b) in all cases the provisions of Article 11 and the Company's obligations under Section 8.1 will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement and the Term or the termination of the Executive's employment for any reason whatsoever. 
 15 

Exhibit 10.29 
 ARTICLE 8 Legal Fees 
 8.1 Legal Fees and Expenses . 
 (a) This Section 8 shall apply only to any actual, planned or threatened Qualifying Termination or claim of Good Reason that occurs within a Change in Control Period. 
 (b) It is the intent of the Company that the Executive not be required to incur legal fees and the related expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Executive's rights in connection with any dispute arising under this Agreement because the cost and expense thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to the Executive hereunder. Accordingly, if it should appear to the Executive that the Company has failed to comply with any of its obligations under this Agreement or in the event that the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Executive the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Executive hereunder, the Company irrevocably authorizes the Executive from time to time to retain counsel of Executive's choice, at the expense of the Company as hereafter provided, to advise and represent the Executive in connection with any such dispute or proceeding. Notwithstanding any existing or prior attorney client relationship between the Company and such counsel, the Company irrevocably consents to the Executive's entering into an attorney client relationship with such counsel, and in that connection the Company and the Executive agree that a confidential relationship will exist between the Executive and such counsel. Without respect to whether the Executive prevails, in whole or in part, in connection with any of the foregoing, the Company will pay and be solely financially responsible for any and all reasonable attorneys' and related fees and expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with any of the foregoing (including, without limitation, costs of mediation, arbitration, litigation, court fees, expert fees, witness expenses and reasonable attorneys' fees) during the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending 10 years after the date of the Executive's termination of employment. 
 (c) Payments due to the Executive under this Section 8 will be made within five business days (but in any event no later than the last day of the Executive's tax year following the tax year in which the Executive incurs the expense) after delivery of the Executive's written requests for payment, accompanied by such evidence of fees and expenses incurred as the Company may reasonably require, provided that (i) the reimbursements or in kind benefits to be provided by the Company in one taxable year will not affect the reimbursement or in kind benefits that the Company is obligated to pay in any other taxable year and (ii) the Executive's right to reimbursement or in kind benefits will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 16 

Exhibit 10.29 
 ARTICLE 9 Successors 
 9.1 Successors to the Company . The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, reorganization, consolidation, acquisition of property or stock, liquidation, or otherwise) of all or a significant portion of the assets of the Company by agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Executive, to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. Regardless of whether such agreement is executed, this Agreement shall be binding upon any successor in accordance with the operation of law and such successor shall be deemed the "Company" for purposes of this Agreement. 
 9.2 Assignment by the Executive . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive's personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees, and legatees. If the Executive dies while any amount would still be payable to the Executive hereunder had the Executive continued to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to the Executive's devisee, legatee, or other designee, or if there is no such designee, to the Executive's estate. 
 ARTICLE 10 Section 409A of the Code 
 Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Agreement: 
 (a) Any amount payable upon the Effective Date of Termination that, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits, is deemed deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code (" Deferred Payments ") shall not be payable until the Executive has a "separation from service" with the Company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the Department of Treasury regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder (" Section 409A "). Any Deferred Payments will be paid on the sixtieth (60th) day following the Executive's separation from service or, if later, such time as required by subsection (c) below. 
 (b) It is intended that none of the severance payments under this Agreement will constitute a Deferred Payment but rather will be exempt from Section 409A as a payment that would fall within the "short term deferral period" as described below or resulting from an involuntary separation from service as described below. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code (including, without limitation, for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A 2(b)(2)(iii)), the Executive's right to receive any payment, including installment payments (if any), under the Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive separate payments or a series of separate payments and, accordingly, each such payment or installment payment shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment. 
 17 

Exhibit 10.29 
 (c) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Executive is a " specified employee " (within the meaning of Section 409A and determined pursuant to the identification methodology selected by the Company from time to time) at the time of the Executive ' s separation from service (other than due to death), then any Deferred Payments otherwise payable within the first six (6) months following the Executive ' s separation from service will be paid on the earlier of i the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of the Executive ' s separation from service, and (ii the Executive ' s death (the applicable date, the " Permissible Payment Date " . The Company will pay Interest Severance (as defined below) on the Deferred Payments delayed under this subsection (c), as set forth in Section 11.9 . Any remaining Deferred Payments due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein. 
 (d) Any amount paid under this Agreement that satisfies the requirements of the "short term deferral" rule set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A 1(b)(4) will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of subsection (a) above. Any amount paid under this Agreement that qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation from service pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A 1(b)(9)(iii) that does not exceed the Section 409A Limit (as defined below) will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of subsection (a) above. 
 (e) The provisions of this Article 10 are intended to comply with, or be exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided under this Agreement will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities and/or ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to so comply or be exempt. To the extent that there is a material risk that any payments under this Agreement may result in the imposition of an additional tax to the Executive under Section 409A, the Company will reasonably cooperate with the Executive to amend this Agreement such that payments hereunder comply with Section 409A without materially changing the economic value of this Agreement to either party. In no event will the Company reimburse the Executive for any taxes that may be imposed on the Executive as a result of Section 409A. 
 (f) For purposes of this Agreement, " Section 409A Limit " means two (2) times the lesser of: (i) the Executive's annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay paid to the Executive during the Executive's taxable year preceding the Executive's taxable year of the Executive's termination of employment as determined under, and with such adjustments as are set forth in, Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A 1(b)(9)(iii)(A)(1) and any Internal Revenue Service guidance issued with respect thereto; or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Code Section 401(a)(17) for the year in which the Executive's employment is terminated. 
 18 

Exhibit 10.29 
 ARTICLE 11 Miscellaneous 
 11.1 Employment Status . This Agreement is not, and nothing herein shall be deemed to create, an employment contract between the Executive and the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Executive acknowledges that the rights of the Company remain wholly intact to change or reduce at any time and from time to time the Executive's compensation, title, responsibilities, location, and all other aspects of the employment relationship, or to discharge the Executive at any time (subject to such discharge possibly being considered a Qualifying Termination pursuant to Section 2.2). 
 11.2 Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the Company and the Executive with respect to the subject matter hereof and amends and restates the Prior Agreement, which Prior Agreement will, without further action, be superseded and without further effect as of the Effective Date. In addition, the payment of Severance Benefits provided for under this Agreement in the event of the Executive's termination of employment shall be in lieu of any severance benefits payable under any severance plan, program, or policy of the Company to which the Executive might otherwise be entitled. 
 11.3 Notices . All notices, requests, demands, and other communications hereunder shall be sufficient if in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered by hand or, if sent by registered or certified mail to the Executive at the last address the Executive has filed in writing with the Company or, in the case of the Company, at its principal offices. 
 11.4 Execution in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be original, but all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same instrument, and all signatures need not appear on any one counterpart. 
 11.5 Conflicting Agreements . The Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that the Executive's entering into this Agreement, and the obligations and duties undertaken by the Executive hereunder, will not conflict with, constitute a breach of, or otherwise violate the terms of, any other employment or other agreement to which the Executive is a party, except to the extent any such conflict, breach, or violation under any such agreement has been disclosed to the Board in writing in advance of the signing of this Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, if there is any inconsistency between the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the terms and provisions of Company sponsored compensation and welfare plans and programs, the Agreement's terms and provisions shall completely supersede and replace the conflicting terms of the Company sponsored compensation and welfare plans and programs, where applicable. 
 19 

Exhibit 10.29 
 
 11.6 Severability . In the event any provision of this Agreement shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Agreement, and the Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. Further, the captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force and effect. 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall have no obligation to make any payment to the Executive hereunder to the extent, but only to the extent, that such payment is prohibited by the terms of any final order of a federal or state court or regulatory agency of competent jurisdiction; provided, however, that such an order shall not affect, impair, or invalidate any provision of this Agreement not expressly subject to such order. 
 11.7 Modification . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived, or discharged unless such modification, waiver, or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and by a member of the Committee, as applicable, or by the respective parties' legal representatives or successors. 
 11.8 Applicable Law . To the extent not preempted by the laws of the United States, the laws of Illinois shall be the controlling law in all matters relating to this Agreement without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws. 
 11.9 Interest . Without limiting the rights of the Executive at law or in equity, (a) if the Company fails to make any payment or provide any benefit required to be made or provided hereunder on a timely basis, or (b) any payments or benefits are delayed pursuant to subsection (c) of Article 10 above (in each case, the " Delayed Payments "), then the Company will pay interest on the amount or value of the Delayed Payments at an annualized rate of interest equal to the "prime rate" as set forth from time to time during the relevant period in The Wall Street Journal "Money Rates" column plus 2 (the " Interest Severance "). Any change in such prime rate will be effective on and as of the date of such change. For the avoidance of doubt, the Interest Severance will be deemed an additional severance amount of the Delayed Payment to which the Interest Severance relates. The Interest Severance will be paid in a single lump sum amount at the same time or times as when the Delayed Payment, to which the accrued Interest Severance relates, is made or provided to the Executive. In no event will the Executive have any discretion to determine the timing of receipt of any Interest Severance. 
 11.10 Other Benefits . Except as expressly provided herein, this Agreement will not affect any rights that Executive may have upon the Executive's termination of employment for any reason under any other agreement, policy, plan program or arrangement of the Company or any affiliate providing benefits, which rights shall be governed by the terms thereof. 
 20 

Exhibit 10.29 
 11.11 Release . The Executive ' s entitlement to receive from the Company Severance Benefits (other than Accrued Obligations) as provided in Section 2.1 is expressly conditioned on: (a the Executive executing and delivering to the Company a Release Agreement, in the form customarily used by the Company at the executive level prior to the Change in Control (and which restrictive covenants thereunder, if any, shall be no more restrictive on the Executive than those terms set forth in Article 4 above), within twenty one (21) days (or forty five (45) days if the Company determines and notifies the Executive in writing that such longer period is required under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended " ADEA " )) after the occurrence of the Executive ' s Qualifying Termination (provided that the Company must deliver the Release Agreement to the Executive no later than two (2) days following the Executive ' s Qualifying Termination), and (b Executive not revoking such Release Agreement within seven (7) days after execution and delivery of such Release Agreement to the Company . If the Executive does not execute the Release Agreement and deliver it to the Company within such period or executes and delivers the Release Agreement to the Company but revokes it within seven (7) days after execution and delivery, the Executive will not be entitled to any Severance Benefits (other than Accrued Obligations) . Subject to Article 10, in the event, the Company determines, as provided above, that forty five (45) days is required under ADEA, the thirty (30) day period to pay the Severance Benefits as provided in Section 3.1 shall be sixty (60) days. 
 
 The parties have executed this Agreement on this ________ day of ____________ 2021. 
 
 WOODWARD, INC. EXECUTIVE 
 By: [NAME] Signature 
 [TITLE] 
 Printed Name 
 21 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 wwd-ex211_7.htm
 EX-21.1

wwd-ex211_7.htm

Exhibit 21.1 
 Woodward, Inc. 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Entity Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

Convergence Fuel Systems, LLC (Joint Venture) 
 
 Delaware, USA 

Fluid Mechanics, LLC 
 
 Delaware, USA 

Genesis Merger Sub, Inc. 
 
 Delaware, USA 

Superturbo Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Delaware, USA 

Techni-Core, Inc 
 
 Delaware, USA 

MPC Products Corporation dba Woodward MPC, Inc. 
 
 Illinois, USA 

Woodward FST, Inc. 
 
 Delaware, USA 

Woodward Controls, LLC 
 
 Delaware, USA 

Woodward International, Inc 
 
 Delaware, USA 

Woodward Aken GmbH 
 
 Aken, Germany 

Woodward Swiss Holding GmbH 
 
 Lucerne, Switzerland 

WGC LLC 
 
 Delaware, USA 

Woodward Germany Verwaltungs GmbH 
 
 Frankfurt am Main, Germany 

Woodward Germany GmbH Co. KG 
 
 Frankfurt am Main, Germany 

Woodward India Private Limited 
 
 New Delhi, India 

Woodward International Holding B.V. 
 
 Hoofddorp, The Netherlands 

Woodward Nederland B.V. 
 
 Hoofddorp, The Netherlands 

Woodward Nederland Holding B.V. 
 
 Hoofddorp, The Netherlands 

Woodward (Japan) LLC 
 
 Chiba, Japan 

Woodward Poland Sp. z o.o. 
 
 Krakow, Poland 

Woodward Regulateur (Quebec), Inc. 
 
 Quebec, Canada 

Woodward Comercio de Sistemas de Controle e Protecao Electrica Ltda. 
 
 Sao Paulo, Brazil 

Woodward GmbH 
 
 Stuttgart, Germany 

Woodward Hong Kong Limited 
 
 Hong Kong, China 

Woodward (Tianjin) Controls Company Limited 
 
 Tianjin, China 

Woodward Controls (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. 
 
 Suzhou, China 

Woodward Kempen GmbH 
 
 Kempen, Germany 

Woodward HRT, Inc. 
 
 Delaware, USA 

Woodward Energy Controls Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

WWARD Asia Holdings Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

N1870G Leasing LLC 
 
 Delaware, USA 

Woodward Mototron Systems LLC (Joint Venture) 
 
 Delaware, USA 

Woodward Switzerland GmbH 
 
 Zug, Switzerland 

Woodward Bulgaria EOOD 
 
 Sofia, Bulgaria 

Woodward Fuel Systems Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware, USA 

Woodward (Barbados) Financing, SRL 
 
 Barbados 

Woodward (Barbados) Euro Financing, SRL 
 
 Barbados 

Woodward Financing, LLC 
 
 Delaware, USA 

Woodward France S.A.S. 
 
 France 

Woodward German Holding GmbH Co KG 
 
 Stuttgart, Germany 

Woodward German Holding Management GmbH 
 
 Stuttgart, Germany 

L Orange Fuel Injection Trading (Suzhou) Co., LTD 
 
 Suzhou, China 

Woodward L Orange GmbH 
 
 Stuttgart, Germany 

Woodward L Orange Unterstutzungskasse GmbH 
 
 Stuttgart, Germany 

Woodward Technology Ventures, LLC 
 
 Delaware, USA 

Woodward Inc. LLC Saudi Arabia 
 
 Al-Khobar, Saudi Arabia 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 wwd-ex231_310.htm
 EX-23.1

wwd-ex231_310.htm

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-10409, 333-66422, 333-82302, 333-112521, 333-133640, 333-179248, 333- 217435, 333-222697, 333-227584, 333-229655 , 333-236525 and 333-253044 on Form S-8 of our report dated November 19, 2021, relating to the financial statements of Woodward, Inc. and the effectiveness of Woodward, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Woodward, Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 Denver, Colorado 
 November 19, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 wwd-ex311_10.htm
 EX-31.1

wwd-ex311_10.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 Woodward, Inc. 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certifications 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Thomas A. Gendron, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2021, of Woodward, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2021 

/s/ Thomas A. Gendron 

Thomas A. Gendron 

Chairman of the Board, 
 Chief Executive Officer, and President 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), has been provided to Woodward and will be retained by Woodward and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 wwd-ex312_8.htm
 EX-31.2

wwd-ex312_8.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 Woodward, Inc. 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certifications 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Mark D. Hartman, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2021, of Woodward, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2021 

/s/ Mark D. Hartman 

Mark D. Hartman 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), has been provided to Woodward and will be retained by Woodward and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 wwd-ex321_11.htm
 EX-32.1

wwd-ex321_11.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 Woodward, Inc. 
 Section 1350 certifications 

We hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2021 (the Annual Report ), of Woodward, Inc., fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Woodward, Inc. 

Date: 

November 19, 2021 

/s/ Thomas A. Gendron 
 
 Thomas A. Gendron Chairman of the Board, 
 Chief Executive Officer , and President 

Date: 

November 19, 2021 

/s/ Mark D. Hartman 
 
 Mark D. Hartman Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(b)/15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement, has been provided to Woodward and will be retained by Woodward and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 wwd-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 wwd-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 wwd-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 wwd-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 wwd-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

