<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211122_10-K_edgar_data_1674862_0000950170-21-004843.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>40140464</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>538114</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3462159</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>19909860</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4332283</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>10720879</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-21-004843.hdr.sgml : 20211122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211122152114
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-21-004843
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		166
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ASHLAND GLOBAL HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001674862
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-CHEMICALS & ALLIED PRODUCTS [5160]
		IRS NUMBER:				812587835
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-211719
		FILM NUMBER:		211432185

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8145 BLAZER DRIVE
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19808
		BUSINESS PHONE:		304-995-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8145 BLAZER DRIVE
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19808

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-21-004843.txt : 20211122

10-K
 1
 ash-20210930.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to ___________ 
 Commission file number 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 Telephone Number 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262 (b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated Filer 

Non-Accelerated Filer 
 Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 At March 31, 2021, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately . In determining this amount, the Registrant has assumed that its directors and executive officers are affiliates. Such assumption shall not be deemed conclusive for any other purpose. 
 At October 31, 2021, there w ere sha res of Registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 

General 
 3 

Life Sciences 
 4 

Personal Care Household 
 5 

Specialty Additives 
 6 

Intermediate and Solvents 
 7 

Miscellaneous 
 7 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 23 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 

Item X. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 25 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 27 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 27 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 27 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 28 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 29 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 29 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 29 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 30 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 30 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 31 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 39 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 GENERAL 
 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. is a Delaware corporation, with its headquarters and principal executive offices at 8145 Blazer Drive, Wilmington, Delaware 19808 Telephone: (302) 995-3000. Ashland Global Holdings Inc. was incorporated in 2016 as the successor to a Kentucky corporation named Ashland Inc. organized in 2004 (now known as Ashland LLC), which was itself organized as the successor to a Kentucky corporation of the same name organized in 1936. Ashland Global Holdings Inc. replaced Ashland Inc. as the publicly held corporation, and Ashland Inc. was converted to a Kentucky limited liability company and is now an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. The terms Ashland and the Company as used herein include Ashland Global Holdings Inc., its predecessors, and its consolidated subsidiaries, except where the context indicates otherwise. Ashland is the successor issuer to Ashland Inc. pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and files periodic and other reports required by the Exchange Act. 
 Ashland is a global leader in providing additives and specialty ingredients to customers in a wide range of consumer and industrial markets, architectural coatings, construction, energy, food and beverage, nutraceuticals, personal care and pharmaceutical. With approximately 4,100 employees worldwide, Ashland serves customers in more than 100 countries. 
 Ashland s reportable segments include: Life Sciences; Personal Care Household; Specialty Additives; and Intermediates and Solvents. Unallocated and Other includes corporate governance activities and certain legacy matters. 
 On August 31, 2021, Ashland announced its agreement with Arkema, a French soci t anonyme , to sell its Performance Adhesive business for the sum of 1.65 billion. The transaction is expected to close by the March 31, 2022 quarter end, subject to closing conditions. Ashland expects net proceeds from the sale to be approximately 1.2 to 1.3 billion, with the aim of using the proceeds to invest in the growth of the other core businesses as well as optimize its balance sheet and return capital to shareholders. The expected divestiture represents a strategic shift in Ashland's business and qualifies as a discontinued operation. As a result, the assets, liabilities, operating results and cash flows related to Performance Adhesives have been classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented within the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Life Sciences is comprised of pharmaceuticals, nutrition, nutraceuticals, agricultural chemicals, advanced materials and fine chemicals. Pharmaceutical solutions include controlled release polymers, disintegrants, tablet coatings, thickeners, solubilizers and tablet binders. Nutrition solutions include thickeners, stabilizers, emulsifiers and additives for enhancing mouthfeel, controlling moisture migration, reducing oil uptake and binding structured foods. Nutraceutical solutions include products for weight management, joint comfort, stomach and intestinal health, sports nutrition and general wellness. The nutraceutical business also provides custom formulation, toll processing and particle engineering solutions. Customers include pharmaceutical, food, beverage, nutraceuticals and supplements manufacturers, hospitals and radiologists and industrial manufacturers. 
 Personal Care Household is comprised of biofunctionals, preservatives, skin care, sun care, oral care, hair care and household. These businesses have a broad range of nature-based, biodegradable, and performance ingredients for customer-driven solutions to help protect, renew, moisturize and revitalize skin and hair, and provide solutions for toothpastes, mouth washes and rinses, denture cleaning and care for teeth. Household supplies nature-derived rheology ingredients, biodegradable surface wetting agents, performance encapsulates, and specialty polymers for household, industrial and institutional cleaning products. Customers include formulators at large multinational branded consumer products companies and smaller, independent boutique companies. 
 On April 30, 2021, Ashland completed the 312 million acquisition of the personal care business from Sch lke Mayr GmbH (Sch lke), a portfolio company of the global investment organization, EQT. The completion of the acquisition strengthens the profitable growth of the personal care and household business segment, enhances the specialty ingredients solutions and expands the biotechnology and microbiology technical competencies. 
 Specialty Additives is comprised of rheology- and performance-enhancing additives serving the coatings, construction, energy, automotive and various industrial markets. Solutions include coatings additives for architectural paints, finishes and lacquers, cement- and gypsum- based dry mortars, ready-mixed joint compounds, synthetic plasters for commercial and 
 3 

residential construction, and specialty materials for industrial applications. Products include rheology modifiers (cellulosic and associative thickeners), foam control agents, surfactants and wetting agents, pH neutralizers, advanced ceramics used in catalytic converters, and environmental filters, ingredients that aid the manufacturing process of ceramic capacitors, plasma display panels and solar cells, ingredients for textile printing, thermoplastic metals and alloys for welding. Products help improve desired functional outcomes through rheology modification and control, water retention, workability, adhesive strength, binding power, film formation, deposition and suspension and emulsification. Customers include global paint manufacturers, electronics and automotive manufacturers, textile mills, the construction industry and welders. 
 Intermediates and Solvents is comprised of the production of 1,4 butanediol (BDO) and related derivatives, including n-methylpyrrolidone. These products are used as chemical intermediates in the production of engineering polymers and polyurethanes, and as specialty process solvents in a wide array of applications including electronics, pharmaceuticals, water filtration membranes and more. BDO is also provided as a feedstock to Life Sciences, Personal Care, and Specialty Additives for use as a raw material. 
 Unallocated and Other generally includes items such as certain significant company-wide restructuring activities, corporate governance costs and legacy costs or activities that relate to divested businesses that are no longer operated by Ashland. 
 Available Information - Ashland s Internet address is http://www.ashland.com. On this website, Ashland makes available, free of charge, its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as well as any beneficial ownership reports of officers and directors filed on Forms 3, 4 and 5. All such reports are available as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or electronically furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Ashland also makes available, free of charge on its website, its Corporate Governance Guidelines, Board Committee Charters, Director Independence Standards and global code of conduct that applies to Ashland s directors, officers and employees. These documents are also available in print to any stockholder who requests them. Information contained on Ashland s website is not part of this annual report on Form 10-K and is not incorporated by reference in this document. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 Our consumer businesses, which are comprised of Life Sciences and Personal Care Household, offer industry-leading products, technologies and resources for solving formulation and product-performance challenges. Using natural, synthetic and semisynthetic polymers derived from cellulose ethers, vinyl pyrrolidones, acrylic polymers, and plant and seed extract, as well as comprehensive and innovative solutions for consumer and industrial applications. 
 Key customers include pharmaceutical companies; makers of personal care products; food and beverage manufacturers; and makers of nutraceuticals and dietary supplements. Certain customer relationships are significant, and the loss of any one of those customers could have a material adverse effect on the consumer businesses. 
 The areas of expertise include: organic and synthetic chemistry, polymer chemistry, surface science, rheology, structural analysis and microbiology. 
 The solutions provide an array of properties, including: thickening, binding, delivery, rheology control and water retention. 
 These consumer businesses are composed of various end use markets. Many of the products of the end markets are produced in shared manufacturing facilities, to better manage capacity and achieve desired returns. 
 LIFE SCIENCES 
 Life Sciences is a leading supplier of excipients and tablet coating systems to the pharmaceutical, nutrition and nutraceutical industries. Excipients include a comprehensive range of polymers for use as tablet binders, superdisintegrants, sustained-release agents and drug solubilizers, as well as a variety of coating formulations for immediate, delayed, and sustained release applications. Core products include cellulosics and vinyl pyrrolidone polymers which are used primarily in oral solid dosage drug formulations. The portfolio also includes branded and proprietary nutraceutical ingredients and expertise in nutraceutical formulation, particle engineering and contract manufacturing. Its nutrition portfolio provides functional benefits in areas such as thickening, texture control, thermal gelation, structure enhancement, water binding, clarification and stabilization. Its core 
 4 

products include cellulose gums and vinyl pyrrolidone polymers which are used in a wide range of offerings for bakery, beverage, dairy, desserts, meat products, pet food, prepared foods, sauces and savory products. 
 Life Sciences operates throughout the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific. It has 20 manufacturing and lab facilities in five countries which serve its various end markets. It has manufacturing facilities and labs in Wilmington, Delaware; Calvert City, Kentucky; Kearny, Paterson, S. Hackensack and Totowa, New Jersey; Monroe, New York; Columbus, Ohio; Fiskeville, Rhode Island; Texas City, Texas; and Ogden, Utah; within the United States; Dusseldorf, Germany; Istanbul, Turkey; Jaumave and Mexico City, Mexico; and Cabreuva and Sao Paolo, Brazil; Mullingar, Ireland; Shanghai, China and Hyderabad, India. 
 Life Science markets and distributes its products and services directly in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific. 
 For fiscal 2021, the following Life Sciences product categories were 10 or greater of Ashland s total consolidated sales: 

Product 
 of Life Sciences sales 
 of Ashland total consolidated sales 

Cellulosics 
 37 
 39 

Polyvinylpyrrolidones (PVP) 
 36 
 19 

PERSONAL CARE HOUSEHOLD 
 Personal Care Household s portfolio of oral care products delivers active ingredients in toothpaste and mouthwashes; provides bioadhesive functionality for dentures; delivers flavor, texture and other functional properties; and provides product binding to ensure form and function throughout product lifecycle. 
 Personal Care Household s portfolio of hair care products includes advanced styling polymers, fixatives, conditioning polymers, emulsifiers, preservatives, rheology modifiers and biofunctional actives. 
 Personal Care Household s portfolio of ingredients and solutions for skin care, sun care, and cosmetics focuses on natural and sustainable solutions. Ashland s Personal Care Household business includes biofunctional actives, preservatives, and specialty polymers to provide functionality such as water resistance and rheology. Ashland s natural ingredients include a wide range of cellulose, guar, and cassia derivatives; unique active ingredients derived from botanical sources using exclusive Ashland technologies such as Zeta Fraction and PSR technology; emollients based on natural chemistries; encapsulation technology derived from alginates; and efficacious preservative blends inspired by nature. 
 Personal Care Household s portfolio of products and technologies is used in many types of cleaning and fragrance applications, including fabric care, home care and dishwashing. Personal Care Household s products are used in a variety of applications for viscosity enhancement, particle suspension, rheology modification, stabilization and fragrance enhancement. 
 Personal Care Household operates throughout the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific. It has 13 manufacturing and lab facilities in five countries which serve its various end markets and participates in one joint venture. It has manufacturing facilities and labs in Freetown, Massachusetts; Chatham, New Jersey; Ossining, New York; Merry Hill, North Carolina; Summerville, South Carolina; Kenedy, Texas; and Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin within the United States and Sophia Antipolis, France; Hyderabad and Mumbai, India; Mexico City, Mexico; Hamburg, Germany and Poole, United Kingdom. 
 Personal Care Household markets and distributes its products and services directly and through third-party distributors in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific. 
 For fiscal 2021, the following Personal Care Household product categories were 10 or greater of Ashland s total consolidated sales: 

Product 
 of Personal Care Household sales 
 of Ashland total consolidated sales 

Cellulosics 
 18 
 39 

Polyvinylpyrrolidones (PVP) 
 18 
 19 

5 

SPECIALTY ADDITIVES 
 Specialty Additives offers industry-leading products, technologies and resources for solving formulation and product-performance challenges. Using synthetic and semisynthetic polymers derived from polyester and polyurethane-based adhesives, and plant and seed extract, Industrial Specialties offers comprehensive and innovative solutions for industrial applications. 
 Key customers include manufacturers of paint, coatings and construction materials; packaging and converting companies; and oilfield service companies. Certain customer relationships are significant, and the loss of any one of those customers could have a material adverse effect on Specialty Additives. 
 The areas of expertise include: organic and synthetic chemistry, colloid science, rheology, structural analysis and microbiology. 
 The solutions provide an array of properties, including: thickening and rheology control, binding power, film formation, conditioning and deposition, colloid stabilization and suspension. 
 Specialty Additives is composed of various end use markets. Many of the products of the end markets are produced in shared manufacturing facilities, to better manage capacity and achieve desired returns. 
 Specialty Additives provides products and services to over 30 industries. Ashland offers a broad spectrum of organo- and water-soluble polymers that are derived from both natural and synthetic resources. Product lines include derivatized cellulose polymers, synthetics, and vinyl pyrrolidone polymers that impart effective functionalities to serve a variety of industrial markets and specialized applications. Many of the products within Specialty Additives function as performance additives that deliver high levels of end-user value in formulated products. In other areas, such as plastics and textiles, Specialty Additives products function as a processing aid, improving the quality of end products and reducing manufacturing costs. 
 Specialty Additives is a recognized leader in rheology solutions for waterborne architectural paint and coatings. Products include hydroxyethylcellulose (HEC), which provides thickening and application properties for interior and exterior paints, and nonionic synthetic associative thickeners (NSATs), which are APEO-free liquid synthetics for high-performance paint and industrial coatings. The Specialty Additives market complements its rheology offering with a broad portfolio of performance foam-control agents, surfactants and wetting agents, dispersants and pH neutralizers. 
 Specialty Additives is a major producer and supplier of cellulose ethers and companion products for the construction industry. These products control properties such as water retention, open time, workability, adhesion, stabilization, pumping, sag resistance, rheology, strength, appearance and performance in dry-mortar formulations. 
 Specialty Additives is a leading global manufacturer of synthetic- and cellulosic-based products for drilling fluids, oil-well cement slurries, completion and workover fluids, fracturing fluids and production chemicals. Specialty Additives offers the oil and gas industry solutions for drilling, stimulation, completion, cementing and production applications. 
 Specialty Additives operates throughout the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific. It has 12 manufacturing and lab facilities in eight countries which serve its various end markets. Specialty Additives has manufacturing facilities and labs in Huntsville, Alabama; Parlin, New Jersey; and Hopewell, Virginia; within the United States and Doel-Beveren, Belgium; Nanjing and Shanghai, China; Alizay, France; Dusseldorf, Germany; Mumbai, India; Zwijndrecht, the Netherlands; and Bradford and Newton Aycliffe, United Kingdom. 
 Specialty Additives distributes its products and services directly and through third-party distributors in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific. 
 For fiscal 2021, the following Specialty Additives products were 10 or greater of Ashland s total consolidated sales: 

Product 
 of Specialty Additives sales 
 of Ashland total consolidated sales 

Cellulosics 
 68 
 39 

Polyvinylpyrrolidones (PVP) 
 5 
 19 

6 

INTERMEDIATES AND SOLVENTS 
 Intermediates and Solvents is a leading producer of BDO and related derivatives, including n-methylpyrrolidone. These products are used as chemical intermediates in the production of engineering polymers and polyurethanes, and as specialty process solvents in a wide array of applications including electronics, pharmaceuticals, water filtration membranes and more. BDO is also provided as a feedstock to Life Sciences, Personal Care and Specialty Additives for use as a raw material. 
 Key customers include Ashland s Life Sciences, Personal Care and Specialty Additives segments, general industrial manufacturers, plastics and polymers producers, pharmaceutical companies, agricultural firms and producers of electronic components and systems. 
 Intermediates and Solvents has a manufacturing facility in Lima, Ohio, while some derivatives are produced at Life Sciences facilities in Texas City, Texas and Calvert City, Kentucky. Intermediates and Solvents markets and distributes its products directly and through third-party distributors in the Americas, Europe, and Asia Pacific. 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Environmental Matters 
 Ashland maintains a companywide environmental policy overseen by the Environmental, Health, Safety and Quality Committee of Ashland s Board of Directors. Ashland s Environmental, Health, Safety, Quality and Regulatory Affairs (EHSQ RA) department has the responsibility to ensure that Ashland s businesses worldwide maintain environmental compliance in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. This responsibility is carried out via training; widespread communication of EHSQ RA policies; information and regulatory updates; formulation of relevant policies, procedures and work practices; design and implementation of EHSQ RA management systems; internal auditing; monitoring of legislative and regulatory developments that may affect Ashland s operations; assistance to the businesses in identifying compliance issues and opportunities for voluntary actions that go beyond compliance; and incident response planning and implementation. 
 Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment have a significant impact on how Ashland conducts its businesses. In addition, Ashland s operations outside the United States are subject to the environmental laws of the countries in which they are located. These laws include regulation of air emissions and water discharges, waste handling, remediation and product inventory, registration and regulation. New laws and regulations may be enacted or adopted by various regulatory agencies globally. The costs of compliance with any new laws or regulations cannot be estimated until the manner in which they will be implemented has been more precisely defined. 
 7 

At September 30, 2021, Ashland s reserves for environmental remediation and related environmental litigation amounted to 207 million, reflecting Ashland s best estimates of the most likely costs that will be incurred over an extended period to remediate identified conditions for which the costs are reasonably estimable, without regard to any third-party recoveries. Engineering studies, historical experience and other factors are used to identify and evaluate remediation alternatives and their related costs in determining the estimated reserves for environmental remediation. Environmental remediation reserves are subject to numerous inherent uncertainties that affect Ashland s ability to estimate its share of the costs. Such uncertainties involve the nature and extent of contamination at each site, the extent of required cleanup efforts under existing environmental regulations, widely varying costs of alternate cleanup methods, changes in environmental regulations, the potential effect of continuing improvements in remediation technology and the number and financial strength of other potentially responsible parties at multiparty sites. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the ultimate costs of environmental remediation, Ashland currently estimates that the upper end of the reasonably possible range of future costs for identified sites could be as high as approximately 480 million. No individual remediation location is significant, as the largest reserve for any site is 13 of the remediation reserve. Ashland regularly adjusts its reserves as environmental remediation continues. Environmental remediation expense, net of insurance receivables, amounted to 51 million in 2021 compared to 48 million in 2020 and 34 million in 2019. 
 Product Control, Registration and Inventory - Many of Ashland s products and operations are subject to chemical control laws of the countries in which they are located. These laws include regulation of chemical substances and inventories under the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) in the United States and the Registration, Evaluation and Authorization of Chemicals (REACH) regulation in Europe. Under REACH, additional testing requirements, documentation, risk assessments and registrations are occurring and will continue to occur and may adversely affect Ashland s costs of products produced in or imported into the European Union. Examples of other product control regulations include right to know laws under the Global Harmonized System (GHS) for hazard communication, regulation of chemicals used in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals and personal care products and that contact food under the Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act in the United States, the Framework Regulation in Europe and other product control requirements for chemical weapons, drug precursors and import/export. New laws and regulations may be enacted or adopted by various regulatory agencies globally. The costs of compliance with any new laws or regulations cannot be estimated until the manner in which they will be implemented has been more precisely defined. 
 Remediation - Ashland currently operates, and in the past has operated, various facilities at which, during the normal course of business, releases of hazardous substances have occurred. Additionally, Ashland has known or alleged potential environmental liabilities at a number of third-party sites. Federal and state laws, including but not limited to the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA), the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) and various other remediation laws, require that contamination caused by hazardous substance releases be assessed and, if necessary, remediated to meet applicable standards. Some of these laws also provide for liability for related damage to natural resources, and claims for alleged property and personal injury damage can also arise related to contaminated sites. Laws in other jurisdictions in which Ashland operates require that contamination caused by such releases at these sites be assessed and, if necessary, remediated to meet applicable standards. 
 Air - In the United States, the Clean Air Act (CAA) imposes stringent limits on facility air emissions, establishes a federally mandated operating permit program, allows for civil and criminal enforcement actions and sets limits on the volatile or toxic content of many types of industrial materials and consumer products. The CAA establishes national ambient air quality standards (NAAQS) with attainment deadlines and control requirements based on the severity of air pollution in a given geographical area. Various state clean air acts implement, complement and, in many instances, add to the requirements of the federal CAA. The requirements of the CAA and its state counterparts have a significant impact on the daily operation of Ashland s businesses and, in many cases, on product formulation and other long-term business decisions. Other countries where Ashland operates also have laws and regulations relating to air quality. Ashland s businesses maintain numerous permits and emission control devices pursuant to these clean air laws. 
 8 

The United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) has increased its frequency in reviewing the NAAQS. The USEPA has stringent standards for particulate matter, ozone and sulfur dioxide. Throughout 2021, state and local agencies continued to implement options for meeting the newest standards. Particulate matter strategies include dust control measures for construction sites and reductions in emission rates allowed for industrial operations. Options for ozone include emission controls for certain types of sources, reduced limits on the volatile organic compound content of industrial materials and consumer products, and requirements on the transportation sector. Most options for sulfur dioxide focus on coal and diesel fuel combustion sources. It is not possible at this time to estimate the potential financial impact that these newest standards may have on Ashland s operations or products. Ashland will continue to monitor and evaluate these standards to meet these and all air quality requirements. 
 Solid Waste - Ashland s businesses are subject to various laws relating to and establishing standards for the management of hazardous and solid waste. In the United States, Ashland s facilities are subject to RCRA and its regulations governing generators of hazardous waste. Ashland has implemented systems to oversee compliance with the RCRA regulations. In addition to regulating current waste disposal practices, RCRA also addresses the environmental effects of certain past waste disposal operations, the recycling of wastes and the storage of regulated substances in underground tanks. Ashland has the remediation liability for certain facilities subject to these regulations. Other countries where Ashland operates also have laws and regulations relating to hazardous and solid waste, and Ashland has systems in place to oversee compliance. 
 Water - Ashland s businesses maintain numerous discharge permits. In the United States, such permits may be required by the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System of the Clean Water Act and similar state programs. Other countries have similar laws and regulations requiring permits and controls relating to water discharge. 
 Climate Change and Related Regulatory Developments - Ashland has been collecting energy use data and calculating greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions for many years. Ashland evaluates the potential impacts from both climate change and the anticipated GHG regulations to facilities, products and other business interests, as well as the strategies commonly considered by the industrial sector to reduce the potential impact of these risks. These risks are generally grouped as impacts from legislative, regulatory and international developments, impacts from business and investment trends and impacts to company assets from the physical effects of climate change. Current North American, European and other regional regulatory developments are not expected to have a material effect on Ashland s operations, although some facilities are subject to promulgated rules. Business and investment trends are expected to drive an increase in the demand for products that improve energy efficiency, reduce energy use and increase the use of renewable resources. At this time, Ashland cannot estimate the impact of this expected demand increase to its businesses. Physical effects from climate change have the potential to affect Ashland s assets in areas prone to sea level rise or extreme weather events much as they do the general public and other businesses. Due to the uncertainty of these matters, Ashland cannot estimate the impact at this time of GHG-related developments on its operations or financial condition. 
 Competition 
 Ashland competes in the highly fragmented additives and specialty ingredients industries. The participants in these industries offer a varied and broad array of product lines designed to meet specific customer requirements. Participants compete with service and product offerings on a global, regional and/or local level subject to the nature of the businesses and products, as well as the end-markets and customers served. Competition is based on several key criteria, including product performance and quality, product price, product availability and security of supply, responsiveness of product development in cooperation with customers, customer service, industry knowledge and technical capability. Certain key competitors are significantly larger than Ashland and have greater financial resources, leading to greater operating and financial flexibility. The industry has become increasingly global as participants have focused on establishing and maintaining leadership positions outside of their home markets. Many of these segments product lines face domestic and international competition, due to industry consolidation, pricing pressures and competing technologies. To improve its competitive position, as Ashland narrows its focus, the company is building and more strongly leveraging the Ashland corporate brand as a differentiator to create value and better communicate the capabilities, promise and scale of the company, making it easier to introduce new product lines and applications. 
 9 

Intellectual Property 
 Ashland has a broad intellectual property portfolio which is an important component of its business. Ashland relies on patents, trade secrets, formulae and know-how to protect and differentiate its products and technologies. In addition, these reportable segments own valuable trademarks which identify and differentiate its products from its competitors. Ashland also uses licensed intellectual property rights from third-parties. 
 Raw Materials 
 Ashland purchases its raw materials from multiple sources of supply in the United States and other countries and believes that raw material supplies will be available in quantities sufficient to meet demand in fiscal 2022. All of Ashland s reportable segments were impacted, to varying degrees, by the volatility of raw materials costs in fiscal 2021, and these conditions may continue in fiscal 2022. 
 Research and Development 
 Ashland s program of research and development is focused on defining the needs of the marketplace and framing those needs into technology platforms. Ashland has the capability to develop and deliver the intellectual property required to grow and protect those platforms. Ashland is focused on developing new chemistries, market-changing technologies and customer driven solutions at numerous technology centers located in the Americas, Europe and the Asia Pacific region. 
 Seasonality 
 Ashland s business may vary due to seasonality. Ashland s business units typically experience stronger demand during warmer weather months. 
 Human Capital 
 Employee Health and Safety - Cultivating a safety culture is intentional at Ashland and is best shown by our commitment to a Zero Incident Culture (ZIC). ZIC begins with the vision, values, beliefs, and actions of Ashland s leaders demonstrating that zero incidents is possible. It means developing processes where compliance is the minimum expectation, allowing employees to proactively manage safety above compliance on the journey to ZERO. 
 As an indication of its commitment to Responsible Care, Ashland obtained a third-party certification to RC14001, which includes the internationally recognized ISO 14001 certification and adds additional health, safety, security, and chemical industry requirements. Currently, Ashland has 29 international sites participating on a group RC14001 certification. Also, as part of its commitment to health and safety, 16 of the company's sites have obtained an additional ISO 45001 certification, an international health and safety management system. 
 As part of ZIC, the company strives every day to achieve zero incidents. Ashland continues to make good progress on its journey. For the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company had a Total Preventable Recordable Rate (TPRR) of 0.73. 
 Ashland has implemented several tools for communicating lessons learned from injuries, process safety incidents, and environmental releases. Immediately following an event, flash reports are developed and shared to communicate key lessons learned across the company. Additionally, incidents and root causes/corrective and preventive actions are reviewed monthly with company leadership to discuss areas for improvement and highlight the importance of identifying and addressing management system errors. 
 Ashland has implemented the Good Catch Program aimed at identifying underlying unsafe conditions or behaviors that could lead to an undesirable outcome. Employees are encouraged to report good catches that fall into one of three categories substandard conditions, near misses, and suggestions. These are tracked with the goal of continuing to increase overall reporting of identified good catches year to year. 
 Environmental - Ashland has a conscious and proactive mindset for sustainability and has established a renewable annual trust for ongoing and future environmental remediation and related litigation cash outlays. The initiative follows Ashland's announcement in February 2021 to align its operations with the ambitious aim of the Paris Climate Accord to limit global temperature rise to 1.5 C above preindustrial levels. At that time, Ashland also became a signatory to the United Nations Global 
 10 

Compact and is making the United Nations principles part of the company's business strategy, culture, and day-to-day operations. 
 COVID-19 - The COVID-19 pandemic has challenged the world in unprecedented ways, affecting millions of people and countless institutions around the world. Ashland s Incident Management Teams (IMT) have operated with the focus of keeping our employees, customers, and families safe while continuing to provide essential additives and specialty ingredients during this crisis. 
 Since the beginning of its ZIC journey over 20 years ago, Ashland has focused on preparedness and prevention and established an IMT which executed pandemic response plans. The COVID-19 IMT was formed in early January 2020 to support its China and Asia-Pacific operations and scaled to five regional teams under the direction of the Global IMT and Executive Leadership Team. 
 Ashland s safety, health, purchasing, IT, supply chain, and human resource teams have worked with the company s facilities to rapidly implement workplace changes, obtain personal protective equipment, and provide sanitization supplies to its employees while developing a reserve of materials to ensure continued safe operations. In addition, to foster a safe work environment, Ashland deployed its workforce expertise and raw materials to manufacture hand sanitizers when it became unavailable. The company distributed thousands of gallons of sanitizers for use in its facilities, and made significant donations to first responders in the communities in which the company operates to support the global response locally. 
 Ashland s first priority is always the health and well-being of its employees, customers, and communities. Since the start of the pandemic, the company s focus has shifted from managing an immediate crisis to building in the flexibility needed to adjust for regional differences and changing conditions. In some regions, employees have been able to return to their work sites. Other regions, including most of EMEA, India and South America, remain on work-from-home protocols for non-essential personnel. 
 Human Capital Management - Ashland s global workforce is foundational to its success. The company strives to be a great place to work by being a diverse and inclusive workplace, attracting and developing exceptional global talent, supporting employees physical, emotional, and financial wellbeing, and recognizing and rewarding performance. To reach its highest potential as an organization, Ashland is focused on strengthening its performance by building an inclusive culture where everyone belongs and feels inspired to excel. 
 As of September 30, 2021, Ashland had approximately 4,100 employees who thrive on developing practical, innovative, and simple solutions to complex problems for customers in more than 100 countries. The employees global demographics consist of approximately 72 male employees and approximately 28 female employees, and in the U.S., approximately 24 of its employees self-identify as ethnically diverse. 
 11 

Ashland's global footprint (including Performance Adhesives) is geographically located as follows: 
 
 Competitive Pay and Benefits - Ashland is committed to paying its employees in a fair and equitable manner, regardless of race or gender, and has implemented global total rewards tools to promote equitable remuneration. The company provides a total compensation package that is designed to be competitive with the markets in which it competes for talent. Ashland believes employees should be compensated equitably based on performance, skills, and experience. The company s compensation programs are globally aligned, and, where possible, its total rewards plans include base salary, short and long-term incentives, benefits, financial, and special recognition programs. The company routinely reviews its total rewards practices in the markets in which it operates to ensure its plans allow for the recruitment and retention of the diverse talent it needs to be successful. 
 Ashland offers a competitive global benefits program to support employees through all life stages. The following benefit plans are available to employees which include plan specific features such as on-site and on-demand resources: 
 Health care benefits including medical, prescription, dental and vision 

Wellness initiatives: 

o Global EAP (employee assistance program) 

o Flu vaccination resources 

Paid time off 

Voluntary benefits 

Life and accident coverage 

Disability coverage 

Retirement plans 

Tuition reimbursement 

Business travel accident 

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Ashland embraces inclusion and diversity as a key business accelerator and actively seeks to strengthen the diversity of its workforce and inclusiveness of its culture. The company focuses significant resources on recruiting, developing, and retaining diverse talent and is committed to actively creating a collaborative environment of innovation that leverages the talents of a diverse global workforce to drive sustainable growth and create value for its shareholders, customers, employees, and the communities in which it operates. 
 Ashland s commitment to inclusion and diversity starts at the top with its Board and executive leadership. The company s board of directors is comprised of nine individuals with diverse experience and credentials, selected for their business acumen and ability to challenge and add value to management. These directors have held significant leadership positions and bring a depth of experience across a wide variety of industries, providing the company with unique insights and fresh perspectives. The demographics of the company s board of directors is 44 diverse, including females and diverse males. See Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance for further information related to Ashland s board of directors. The Company s management is led by its President and Chief Executive Officer and the other members of the Executive Committee EC ). The demographics of the EC include 29 women and 43 who identify as ethnically diverse individuals. Further information related 
 12 

to its EC is included under the caption Information About the company s Executive Officers under Item X within Part I of this Form 10-K. 

Employee population by gender, September 30, 2021. 

Talent Management - Ashland supports life-long learning and the on-going professional development of its workforce. The company invests in its employees with a wide range of internal and external employee development opportunities, enabling them to build meaningful careers. As part of its commitment to professional development, Ashland offers associate s and bachelor s undergraduate, graduate, and PhD tuition assistance to eligible employees. Ashland reviews the talent within the organization annually and updates succession plans to identify and develop a leadership pipeline of talent to maintain business operations. The talent management process includes a well-established performance management process that seeks to provide employees on-going feedback to enhance their performance in support of business objectives. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements are not historical facts and generally are identified by words such as anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, is likely, predicts, projects, forecasts, objectives, may, will, should, plans, and 
 13 

intends and the negative of these words or other comparable terminology. Although Ashland believes that its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, such expectations are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and may be beyond Ashland s control. As a result, Ashland cannot assure that the expectations contained in such statements will be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in such statements are discussed under Use of estimates, risks and uncertainties in Note A of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this annual report on Form 10-K. For a discussion of other factors and risks that could affect Ashland s expectations and operations, see Item 1A. Risk Factors in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 1A. R ISK FACTORS 
 The following discussion of risk factors identifies the most significant factors that may adversely affect Ashland s business, operations, financial position or future financial performance. This information should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis and the consolidated financial statements and related notes incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K. The following discussion of risks is designed to highlight what Ashland believes are important factors to consider when evaluating its expectations. These factors could cause future results to differ from those in forward-looking statements and from historical trends. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on Ashland s business operations, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 
 Ashland continues to closely monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of its business and geographies, including how the pandemic will impact customers, employees, suppliers, vendors, business partners and distribution channels. The COVID-19 pandemic has and may create significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption, which may materially and adversely affect Ashland s business operations, cash flows, liquidity and financial position. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact Ashland will depend on numerous evolving factors and future developments that are difficult to predict, including: the severity of the virus and any related variants; the duration of the outbreak; governmental, business and other actions in response to the pandemic (which could include limitations on Ashland s operations or mandates to provide products or services); the impact of the pandemic on Ashland s supply chain; the impact of the pandemic on economic activity; the extent and duration of the effect on consumer confidence and spending, customer demand and buying patterns including spending on discretionary categories; the health of and the effect on Ashland s workforce and its ability to meet staffing needs through the operations and other critical functions, particularly if employees are quarantined as a result of exposure; any impairment in value of tangible or intangible assets which could be recorded as a result of weaker economic conditions; the impact on Ashland s business and the global economy from governmental actions related to international trade; and the potential effects on internal controls including those over financial reporting as a result of changes in working environments such as shelter-in-place and similar orders that are applicable to employees and business partners, among others. In addition, if the pandemic continues to create disruptions or volatility in the credit or financial markets, or impacts Ashland s credit ratings, it could adversely affect Ashland s ability to access capital on favorable terms and continue to meet its liquidity needs, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. In addition, Ashland cannot predict the continued impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on its customers, suppliers, vendors, and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact Ashland. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may also exacerbate other risks discussed in this Item 1A any of which could have a material effect on Ashland. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise that Ashland is not aware of currently. 
 Business Operations, Financial Performance and Growth 
 Ashland has set aggressive growth goals for its businesses, including increasing sales, cash flow and margins, in order to achieve its long term strategic objectives. Ashland s successful execution of its growth strategies and business plans to facilitate that growth involves a number of risks. 
 Ashland has set aggressive growth goals for its businesses in order to meet long term strategic objectives and improve shareholder value. Ashland s failure to meet one or more of these goals or objectives would negatively impact Ashland s potential 
 14 

value and its businesses. One of the most important risks is that Ashland might fail to adequately execute its business and growth plans, by optimizing the efficient use of its physical and intangible assets. Aspects of that risk include changes to global economic environment, changes to the competitive landscape, attraction and retention of skilled employees, the potential failure of product innovation plans, failure to comply with existing or new regulatory schemes, failure to maintain a competitive cost structure and other risks outlined in greater detail in this Item 1A. 
 Ashland s pending sale of the Performance Adhesive business is subject to conditions, including certain conditions that may not be satisfied or completed on a timely basis, if at all. Failure to complete the sale of the Performance Adhesive business could have a material and adverse effect on Ashland. Even if completed, the Performance Adhesive sale may not achieve the intended benefits. 
 Ashland has entered into an agreement to sell its Performance Adhesive business to Arkema. The sale, which is targeted for completion in the quarter ended March 31, 2022, is subject to customary closing conditions. Ashland and Arkema may be unable to satisfy such conditions in a timely manner or at all and, accordingly, the Performance Adhesives sale may be delayed or may not be completed. Failure to complete the Performance Adhesives sale could have a material and adverse effect on Ashland, including by delaying its strategic and other objectives relating to the separation of the Performance Adhesive business and adversely affecting Ashland s plans to use the proceeds from the sale to invest in the growth of core businesses, strengthening its balance sheet, and returning capital to shareholders. Even if the sale is completed, Ashland may not realize some or all of those expected benefits. For example, Ashland may be unable to utilize the proceeds from the sale as anticipated or capture the value it expects from its plans to invest in the growth of its core businesses. Executing the Performance Adhesives sale will require significant time and attention from management, which could divert attention from the management of Ashland s remaining operations and the pursuit of its business strategies. If the proposed sale is completed, Ashland s diversification of revenue sources will diminish, and it is possible that its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be subject to increased volatility as a result. 
 Business disruptions from natural, operational and other catastrophic risks could seriously harm Ashland s operations and financial performance. In addition, a catastrophic event at one of Ashland s facilities or involving its products or employees could lead to liabilities that could further impair its operations and financial performance. 
 Business disruptions, including those related to operating hazards inherent with the production of chemicals, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, supply or logistics disruptions, increasing costs for energy, temporary plant and/or power outages, information technology systems and network disruptions, cyber-security breach, terrorist attacks, armed conflict, war, pandemic diseases, fires, floods or other catastrophic events, could seriously harm Ashland s operations, as well as the operations of its customers and suppliers, and may adversely impact Ashland s financial performance. Although it is impossible to predict the occurrence or consequences of any such events, they could result in reduced demand for Ashland s products, make it difficult or impossible for Ashland to manufacture its products or deliver products and services to its customers or to receive raw materials from suppliers, or create delays and inefficiencies in the supply chain. In addition to leading to a serious disruption of Ashland s businesses, a catastrophic event at one of our facilities or involving our products or employees could lead to substantial legal liability to or claims by parties allegedly harmed by the event. 
 While Ashland maintains business continuity plans that are intended to allow it to continue operations or mitigate the effects of events that could disrupt its business, Ashland cannot provide assurances that its plans would fully protect it from all such events. In addition, insurance maintained by Ashland to protect against property damage, loss of business and other related consequences resulting from catastrophic events is subject to various deductibles and coverage limitations, depending on the nature of the risk insured. This insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of Ashland s damages or damages to others in the event of a catastrophe. In addition, insurance related to these types of risks may not be available now or, if available, may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable rates. 
 Ashland s customers could change their products in a way that reduces the demand for Ashland s products. 
 Ashland produces and sells specialty materials that are used by its customers for a broad range of applications. Many of these Ashland materials become part of end products that are sold to consumers. Changes in consumer preferences and demands can lead to certain Ashland customers making changes to their products. In other instances, Ashland s customers may change their 
 15 

products or production techniques to take advantage of newer technologies, alternative chemistries, more effective formulations, or improved processes, or in response to various market, technical or regulatory changes. 
 Such changes in Ashland s customers products or production techniques may cause these customers to reduce consumption of Ashland s products or eliminate their need entirely. Ashland may not be able to supply products that meet the customers new requirements. Such lost sales opportunities may not be replaced by those offering equal revenue potential or margin. It is important for Ashland to continue developing new products, and new applications of existing products to replace such lost business. Otherwise Ashland faces the risk of a loss of market share, margins and cash flow if it is unable to manage a potential change in the demands of its products. 
 Ashland s substantial global operations subject it to risks of doing business in foreign countries, which could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Greater than half of Ashland s net sales for fiscal 2022 are expected to be to customers outside of North America. Ashland expects sales from international markets to continue to represent an even larger portion of the Company s sales in the future. Also, a significant portion of Ashland s manufacturing capacity is located outside of the United States. Accordingly, Ashland s business is subject to risks related to the differing legal, political, cultural, social and regulatory requirements and economic conditions of many jurisdictions. 
 The global nature of Ashland s business presents difficulties in hiring and maintaining a workforce in certain countries. Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect product demand and may adversely affect the profitability in U.S. dollars of products and services provided in foreign countries. In addition, foreign countries may impose additional withholding taxes or otherwise tax Ashland s foreign income, or adopt other restrictions on foreign trade or investment, including currency exchange controls. The imposition of new tariffs or trade quotas, or an impairment of existing trade agreements is also a risk that could impair Ashland s financial performance. 
 Certain legal and political risks are also inherent in the operation of a company with Ashland s global scope. For example, in November 2018, the United States reached an agreement with Canada and Mexico on the United States-Mexico-Canada Trade Agreement (USMCA), which replaced the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) effective July 1, 2020. Among other things, USMCA includes revised country of origin rules and various labor provisions. In addition, the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union (E.U.) could disrupt European supply chains or customs regimes. Ashland s ability to do business and execute its growth strategies could be adversely affected by either of these changes or other changes to trade policy and trade relationships. Ashland could also be impacted negatively if the ongoing trade disputes between the United States and China, or those between the United States and the E.U. were to worsen. In addition, it may be more difficult for Ashland to enforce its agreements or collect receivables through foreign legal systems. There is a risk that foreign governments may nationalize private enterprises in certain countries where Ashland operates. In certain countries or regions, terrorist activities and the response to such activities may threaten Ashland s operations more than those in the United States. In Europe, the effect of economic sanctions imposed on Russia and/or Russia s reaction to the sanctions could adversely impact Ashland s performance and results of operations. The risks associated with localized or regional armed conflict in many parts of the world remain high and could disrupt and/or adversely impact Ashland s businesses. Social and cultural norms in certain countries may not support compliance with Ashland s corporate policies including those that require compliance with substantive laws and regulations. Also, changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where Ashland operates, particularly in Europe, the Middle East and emerging markets, are a risk to Ashland s financial performance. 
 As Ashland continues to operate its business globally, its success will depend, in part, on its ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other related risks. There can be no assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to its multinational operations will not have an adverse effect on Ashland s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Adverse developments in the global economy and potential disruptions of financial markets could negatively impact Ashland s customers and suppliers, and therefore have a negative impact on Ashland s results of operations. 
 A global or regional economic downturn may reduce customer demand or inhibit Ashland s ability to produce and sell products. Ashland s business and operating results are sensitive to global and regional economic downturns, credit market 
 16 

tightness, declining consumer and business confidence, fluctuating commodity prices, volatile exchange rates, changes in interest rates, sovereign debt defaults and other challenges, including those related to international sanctions and acts of aggression or threatened aggression that can affect the global economy. In the event of adverse developments or stagnation in the economy or financial markets, Ashland s customers may experience deterioration of their businesses, reduced demand for their products, cash flow shortages and difficulty obtaining financing. As a result, existing or potential customers might delay or cancel plans to purchase products and may not be able to fulfill their obligations to Ashland in a timely fashion. Further, suppliers may experience similar conditions, which could impact their ability to fulfill their obligations to Ashland. A weakening or reversal of the current economic conditions in the global economy or a substantial part of it could negatively impact Ashland s business, results of operations, financial condition and ability to grow. 
 Ashland s substantial indebtedness may adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Ashland maintains a substantial amount of debt. Ashland s substantial indebtedness could adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition by, among other things: 
 requiring Ashland to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to pay principal and interest on its debt, which would reduce the availability of Ashland s cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, execution of its growth strategy and other general corporate purposes; 

limiting Ashland s ability to borrow additional amounts to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of its growth strategy and other purposes; 

making Ashland more vulnerable to adverse changes in general economic, industry and regulatory conditions and in its business by limiting Ashland s flexibility in planning for, and making it more difficult for Ashland to react quickly to, changing conditions; 

placing Ashland at a competitive disadvantage compared with those of its competitors that have less debt and lower debt service requirements; 

making Ashland more vulnerable to increases in interest rates since some of its indebtedness is subject to variable rates of interest; and 

making it more difficult for Ashland to satisfy its financial obligations. 

In addition, Ashland may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow from its operations to repay its indebtedness when it becomes due and to meet its other cash needs. If Ashland is not able to pay its debts as they become due, it could be in default under its credit facility or other indebtedness. Ashland might also be required to pursue one or more alternative strategies to repay indebtedness, such as selling assets, refinancing or restructuring its indebtedness or selling additional debt or equity securities. Ashland may not be able to refinance its debt or sell additional debt or equity securities or its assets on favorable terms, if at all, and if Ashland must sell its assets, it may negatively affect its ability to generate revenues. 
 Competition 
 Failure to develop and market new products and production technologies could impact Ashland s competitive position and have an adverse effect on its businesses and results of operations. 
 The specialty materials industry is subject to periodic technological change and ongoing product improvements. In order to maintain margins and remain competitive, Ashland must successfully develop and introduce new products or improvements that appeal to its customers and ultimately to global consumers. Ashland plans to grow earnings, in part, by focusing on developing markets and solutions to meet increasing demand in those markets, including demand for personal care and pharmaceutical products which are subject to lengthy regulatory approval processes. The fast change in Ashland s industry and those of its customers necessitates that Ashland continue the development of new technologies to replace older technologies whose demand or market position may be fading. Ashland s efforts to respond to changes in customer demand in a timely and cost-efficient manner to drive growth could be adversely affected by difficulties or delays in product development, including the inability to identify viable new products, successfully complete research and development, obtain regulatory approvals, obtain intellectual property protection or gain market acceptance of new products. Due to the lengthy development process, technological challenges 
 17 

and intense competition, there can be no assurance that any of the products Ashland is currently developing, or could develop in the future, will achieve substantial commercial success. 
 The competitive nature of Ashland s markets may delay or prevent the Company from passing increases in raw materials or energy costs on to its customers. In addition, certain of Ashland s suppliers may be unable to deliver products or raw materials or fulfill contractual requirements. The occurrence of either event could adversely affect Ashland s results of operations. 
 Rising and volatile raw material prices, especially those of hydrocarbon derivatives, cotton linters or wood pulp, may negatively impact Ashland s costs, results of operations and the valuation of its inventory. Similarly, energy costs are a significant component of certain of Ashland s product costs. Ashland is not always able to raise prices in response to such increased costs, and its ability to pass on the costs of such price increases is dependent upon market conditions. Likewise, reductions in the valuation of Ashland s inventory due to market volatility may not be recovered and could result in losses. 
 Ashland purchases certain products and raw materials from suppliers, often pursuant to written supply contracts. If those suppliers are unable to meet Ashland s orders in a timely manner or choose to terminate or not fulfill contractual arrangements, Ashland may not be able to make alternative supply arrangements. Also, domestic and global government regulations related to the manufacture, transport or import of certain raw materials may impede Ashland s ability to obtain those raw materials on commercially reasonable terms. Certain Ashland businesses rely on agricultural output of clary sage, aloe, guar, and cotton linters, and the availability of these materials can be severely impacted by crop yields, weather events, and other factors. If Ashland is unable to obtain and retain qualified suppliers under commercially acceptable terms, its ability to manufacture and deliver products in a timely, competitive and profitable manner or grow its business successfully could be adversely affected. 
 Ashland faces competition from other companies, which places downward pressure on prices and margins and may adversely affect Ashland s businesses and results of operations. 
 Ashland operates in highly competitive markets, competing against a number of domestic and foreign companies. Competition is based on several key criteria, including product performance and quality, product price, product availability and security of supply, responsiveness of product development in cooperation with customers and customer service, as well as the ability to bring innovative products or services to the marketplace. Certain key competitors are significantly larger than Ashland and have greater financial resources, leading to greater operating and financial flexibility. As a result, these competitors may be better able to withstand changes in conditions within the relevant industry, changes in the prices of raw materials and energy and changes in general economic conditions. In addition, competitors pricing decisions could compel Ashland to decrease its prices, which could negatively affect its margins and profitability. Additional competition in markets served by Ashland could adversely affect margins and profitability and could lead to a reduction in market share. Also, Ashland competes in certain markets that are declining and has targeted other markets for growth opportunities. Competitive and pricing pressures could also impact Ashland s production volumes, which can in turn reduce cost efficiency. If Ashland s strategies for dealing with declining markets and leveraging opportunity markets are not successful, its businesses and results of operations could be negatively affected. 
 Human Capital 
 Ashland s success depends upon its ability to attract and retain key employees and the identification and development of talent to succeed senior management. 
 Ashland s success depends on its ability to attract and retain key personnel, and Ashland relies heavily on its management team. The inability to recruit and retain key personnel or the unexpected loss of key personnel may adversely affect Ashland s operations. Also, a substantial portion of Ashland s U.S.-based employees will be retirement-eligible within the next several years. That, combined with the relatively small number of middle tier managers with substantial experience in place to replace this group of retirement eligible employees, increases the potential negative impact of the risk that key employees could leave the Company. Additionally, the Company s redesign and cost reduction program may result in key employees departing who may not be replaced. This risk of unwanted employee turnover also is substantial in positions that require certain technical expertise and geographically in developing markets which Ashland has targeted for growth, especially in Asia, India, South America and Eastern Europe. In addition, because of its reliance on its management team, Ashland s future success depends, in part, on its ability to identify and develop talent to succeed its senior management and other key positions throughout the 
 18 

organization. If Ashland fails to identify and develop successors, the company is at risk of being harmed by the departures of these key employees. 
 Intellectual Property and Cyber Threats 
 Ashland uses information technology (IT) systems to conduct business and these IT systems are at risk of potential disruption and cyber security threats. 
 Ashland s businesses rely on their IT systems to operate efficiently and in some cases, to operate at all. Ashland employs third parties to manage and maintain a significant portion of its IT systems, including, but not limited to data centers, IT infrastructure, network, client support and end user services, as well as the functions of backing up and securing those systems. A partial or complete failure of Ashland s IT systems or those of our third parties managing, providing or servicing them for any amount of time more than several hours could result in significant business disruption causing harm to Ashland s reputation, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, the nature of our businesses, the markets we serve, and the extensive geographic profile of our operations make Ashland a target of cyber security threats. Despite steps Ashland takes to mitigate or eliminate them, cyber security threats in general are increasing and becoming more advanced and could occur as a result of the activity of hackers, employee error or employee misconduct. A breach of our IT systems could lead to the loss and destruction of trade secrets, confidential information, proprietary data, intellectual property, customer and supplier data, and employee personal information, and could disrupt business operations which could adversely affect Ashland s relationships with business partners and harm our brands, reputation, and financial results. 
 Ashland may not be able to effectively protect or enforce its intellectual property rights. 
 Ashland relies on the patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright laws of the United States and other countries to protect its intellectual property rights. The laws of some countries may not protect Ashland s intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Failure of foreign countries to have laws to protect Ashland s intellectual property rights or an inability to effectively enforce such rights in foreign countries could result in the loss of valuable proprietary information, which could have an adverse effect on Ashland s business and results of operations. 
 Even in circumstances where Ashland has a patent on certain technologies, such patents may not provide meaningful protection against competitors or against competing technologies. In addition, any patent applications submitted by Ashland may not result in an issued patent. There can be no assurance that Ashland s intellectual property rights will not be challenged, invalidated, circumvented or rendered unenforceable. Ashland could also face claims from third parties alleging that Ashland s products or processes infringe on their proprietary rights. If Ashland is found liable for infringement, it could be responsible for significant damages, prohibited from using certain products or processes or required to modify certain products and processes. Any such infringement liability could adversely affect Ashland s product and service offerings, profitability and results of operations. 
 Ashland also has substantial intellectual property associated with its know-how and trade secrets that are not protected by patent or copyright laws. Ashland protects these rights by entering into confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with most of its employees and with third parties. There can be no assurance that such agreements will not be breached or that Ashland will be able to effectively enforce them. In addition, Ashland s trade secrets and know-how may be improperly obtained by other means, such as a breach of Ashland s information technologies security systems or direct theft. Any unauthorized disclosure of any of Ashland s material know-how or trade secrets could adversely affect Ashland s business and results of operations. 
 Legal Risks, Regulatory Compliance and Litigation 
 Ashland s business exposes it to potential product liability claims and recalls, which could adversely affect its financial condition and performance. 
 The development, manufacture and sale of specialty materials and other products by Ashland, including products produced for the food, beverage, personal care, pharmaceutical and nutritional supplement industries, involve an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims, product recalls, product seizures and related adverse publicity. Ashland also produces products that are subject to rigorous specifications and quality standards, with an expectation from its customers around these strict requirements. A product liability claim, recall or judgment against Ashland, or a customer complaint on product specifications, 
 19 

could also result in substantial and unexpected expenditures, affect consumer or customer confidence in its products, and divert management s attention from other responsibilities. Although Ashland maintains product liability insurance, there can be no assurance that this type or level of coverage is adequate or that Ashland will be able to continue to maintain its existing insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. A product recall or a partially or completely uninsured product liability judgment against Ashland could have a material adverse effect on its reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Ashland has incurred, and will continue to incur, substantial costs as a result of environmental, health and safety, and hazardous substances liabilities and related compliance requirements. These costs could adversely impact Ashland s cash flow, and, to the extent they exceed Ashland s established reserves for these liabilities, its results of operations. 
 Ashland is subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations, rules and ordinances relating to pollution, protection of the environment and human health and safety, and the generation, storage, handling, treatment, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and waste materials. Ashland has incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs and capital expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations. 
 Environmental, health and safety regulations change frequently, and such regulations and their enforcement have tended to become more stringent over time. Accordingly, changes in environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and the enforcement of such laws and regulations could interrupt Ashland s operations, require modifications to its facilities or cause Ashland to incur significant liabilities, costs or losses that could adversely affect its profitability. Actual or alleged violations of environmental, health or safety laws and regulations could result in restrictions or prohibitions on plant operations as well as substantial damages, penalties, fines, civil or criminal sanctions and remediation costs. In addition, under some environmental laws, Ashland may be strictly liable and/or jointly and severally liable for environmental damages and penalties. 
 Ashland is also subject to various federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations that require environmental assessment or remediation efforts (collectively, environmental remediation) at multiple locations. Ashland uses engineering studies, historical experience and other factors to identify and evaluate remediation alternatives and their related costs in determining the estimated reserves for environmental remediation. Environmental remediation reserves are subject to numerous inherent uncertainties that affect Ashland s ability to estimate its share of the applicable costs. Such uncertainties involve the nature and extent of contamination at each site, the extent of required cleanup efforts under existing environmental regulations, widely varying costs of alternate cleanup methods, changes in environmental regulations, the potential effect of continuing improvements in remediation technology and the number and financial strength of other potentially responsible parties at multiparty sites. There may also be situations in which certain environmental liabilities are not known to Ashland or are not probable and estimable. As a result, Ashland s actual costs for environmental remediation could affect Ashland s cash flow and, to the extent costs exceed established reserves for those liabilities, its results of operations. 
 20 

Ashland is responsible for, and has financial exposure to, liabilities from pending and threatened claims, including those alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos, which could adversely impact Ashland s results of operations and cash flow. 
 There are various claims, lawsuits and administrative proceedings pending or threatened, including those alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos, against Ashland and its current and former subsidiaries. Such actions are with respect to commercial matters, product liability, toxic tort liability and other matters that seek remedies or damages, some of which are for substantial amounts. While these actions are being contested, their outcome is not predictable. Ashland s results could be adversely affected by financial exposure to these liabilities. Insurance maintained by Ashland to protect against claims for damages alleged by third parties is subject to coverage limitations, depending on the nature of the risk insured. This insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of Ashland s liabilities to others. In addition, insurance related to these types of risks may not be available now or, if available, may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable rates. Ashland s ability to recover from its insurers for asbestos liabilities could also have an adverse impact on its results of operations. Projecting future asbestos costs is subject to numerous variables that are extremely difficult to predict. In addition to the significant uncertainties surrounding the number of claims that might be received, other variables include the type and severity of the disease alleged by each claimant, the long latency period associated with asbestos exposure, dismissal rates, costs of medical treatment, the impact of bankruptcies of other companies that are co-defendants in claims, uncertainties surrounding the litigation process from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and from case to case, and the impact of potential changes in legislative or judicial standards. Furthermore, any predictions with respect to these variables are subject to even greater uncertainty as the projection period lengthens. In light of these inherent uncertainties, Ashland believes that its asbestos reserves represent the best estimate within a range of possible outcomes. As a part of the process to develop these estimates of future asbestos costs, a range of long-term cost models was developed. These models are based on national studies that predict the number of people likely to develop asbestos-related diseases and are heavily influenced by assumptions regarding long-term inflation rates for indemnity payments and legal defense costs, as well as other variables mentioned previously. Because of the inherent uncertainties in projecting future asbestos liabilities and establishing appropriate reserves, Ashland s actual asbestos costs could adversely affect its results of operations and, to the extent they exceed its reserves, could adversely affect its results of operations. 
 The impact of changing laws or regulations or the manner of interpretation or enforcement of existing rules could adversely impact Ashland s financial performance and restrict its ability to operate its business or execute its strategies. 
 New laws or regulations, or changes in existing laws or regulations or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement, could increase Ashland s cost of doing business and restrict its ability to operate its business or execute its strategies. This includes, among other things, the possible taxation under U.S. law of certain income from foreign operations, the possible taxation under foreign laws of certain income Ashland reports in other jurisdictions, tariffs or quotas levied on Ashland products, raw materials or key components by certain countries, regulations related to the protection of private information of Ashland s employees and customers, regulations issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (and analogous non-U.S. agencies) affecting Ashland and its customers, compliance with The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (and analogous non-U.S. laws) and the European Union s Registration, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) regulation (and analogous non-EU initiatives), and potential operational impacts of General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Uncertainty associated with the passage of new laws, application of executive authority beyond the legislative process, as well as changes in and enforcement of existing laws, can limit Ashland s ability to make and execute business plans effectively. In addition, compliance with laws and regulations is complicated by Ashland s substantial and growing global footprint, which will require significant and additional resources to comprehend and ensure compliance with applicable laws in the more than one hundred countries where Ashland conducts business. Compliance with current and future regulations is further complicated by uncertainty around the reevaluation of international agreements by various countries, including the United States, and the resulting impact on regulatory regimes, customs regulations, tariffs, sanctions, and other transnational protocols. 
 21 

Taxation 
 Imposition of new taxes, disagreements with tax authorities or additional tax liabilities could adversely affect Ashland s business, financial condition, reputation or results of operations. 
 Ashland s products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold in more than 100 countries and territories. A significant portion of Ashland s revenues are generated outside the United States. As such, Ashland is subject to taxes in the United States as well as numerous foreign countries. Ashland s future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in liabilities for uncertain tax positions, cost of repatriations or changes in tax laws, regulations, administrative practices or their interpretation. Moreover, because Ashland is subject to the regular examination of its income tax returns by various tax authorities, the economic and political pressure to increase tax revenues in these jurisdictions may make resolving tax disputes even more difficult, and the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation may differ from our historical provisions and accruals resulting in an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, reputation or results of operations. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act), enacted in December 2017, made significant changes to US tax law; many other countries or organizations, including those where Ashland has significant operations, are actively considering or enacting changes to tax laws which could significantly impact our tax rate and cash flows. The increasingly complex global tax environment, including changes in how United States multinational corporations are taxed, could adversely affect Ashland s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Other than the one-time transition tax enacted by the Tax Act, Ashland will continue to be indefinitely reinvested in our foreign earnings. As such, Ashland has not accrued income taxes or foreign withholding taxes on undistributed earnings for most non-US subsidiaries because those earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in the operations of those subsidiaries. If these earnings are needed for Ashland s operations in the United States, the repatriation of such earnings could adversely affect its business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 The IPO of Valvoline and final distribution of its shares could result in significant tax liability to Ashland and its stockholders. 
 Ashland believes that the Valvoline IPO and certain related internal transactions should be nontaxable transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes and has obtained written opinions of counsel to that effect. Ashland also obtained a written opinion of counsel to the effect that the final distribution should qualify for non-recognition of gain and loss under Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The opinions are based on certain assumptions and representations as to factual matters from Ashland and Valvoline, as well as certain covenants by those parties. The opinions cannot be relied upon if any of the assumptions, representations or covenants is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate or is violated in any material respect, or if there are changes in law with retroactive effect. The opinions are not binding on the IRS or the courts, and it is possible that the IRS or a state or local taxing authority could take the position that the internal transactions, the final distribution or the receipt of proceeds from the Valvoline IPO resulted in the recognition of significant taxable gain by Ashland, in which case Ashland may be subject to material tax liabilities. 
 If the final distribution were determined not to qualify for non-recognition of gain and loss, then Ashland would recognize gain as if it had sold Valvoline common stock in a taxable transaction in an amount up to the fair market value of the Valvoline common stock it distributed in the final distribution. The tax liability resulting from such gain could have a material impact on Ashland s operations. 
 22 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLV ED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. P ROPERTIES 
 Ashland s corporate headquarters is located in Wilmington, Delaware. Principal offices of other major operations are located in Wilmington, Delaware (Life Sciences, Specialty Additives, Intermediates and Solvents and Corporate); Bridgewater, New Jersey (Personal Care Household and Corporate); and Dublin, Ohio (Performance Adhesives and Corporate) within the United States and Hyderabad, India; Warsaw, Poland; and Schaffhausen, Switzerland (each of which are shared service centers of Ashland s and house Corporate and direct business segment personnel). All of these locations are leased, except for the Wilmington, Delaware site which is owned. Principal manufacturing, marketing and other materially important physical properties of Ashland and its subsidiaries are described within the applicable business units under Item 1 in this annual report on Form 10-K. All of Ashland s physical properties are owned or leased. Ashland believes its physical properties are suitable and adequate for the Company s business. Additional information concerning leases may be found in Note K of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 3. LEGA L PROCEEDINGS 
 The following is a description of Ashland s material legal proceedings. Ashland s threshold for disclosing material environmental legal proceedings involving a governmental authority where potential monetary sanctions are involved is 1 million. 
 Asbestos-Related Litigation 
 Ashland is subject to liabilities from claims alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos. Such claims result primarily from indemnification obligations undertaken in 1990 in connection with the sale of Riley Stoker Corporation (Riley), a former subsidiary. Although Riley was neither a producer nor a manufacturer of asbestos, its industrial boilers contained some asbestos containing components provided by other companies. 
 Hercules LLC (formerly Hercules Incorporated), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Ashland, is also subject to liabilities from asbestos-related personal injury lawsuits involving claims which typically arise from alleged exposure to asbestos fibers from resin encapsulated pipe and tank products which were sold by one of Hercules former subsidiaries to a limited industrial market. 
 Ashland and Hercules are also defendants in lawsuits alleging exposure to asbestos at facilities formerly or presently owned or operated by Ashland or Hercules. 
 For additional detailed information regarding liabilities arising from asbestos-related litigation, see Management s Discussion and Analysis - Critical Accounting Policies - Asbestos Litigation and Note N of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Environmental Proceedings 
 (a) CERCLA and Similar State Law Sites - Under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 and similar state laws, Ashland and its subsidiaries may be subject to joint and several liability for cleanup costs in connection with alleged releases of hazardous substances at sites where it has been identified as a potentially responsible party (PRP). As of September 30, 2021, Ashland and its subsidiaries have been identified as a PRP by U.S. federal and state authorities, or by private parties seeking contribution, for the cost of environmental investigation and/or cleanup at 81 sites. These sites are currently subject to ongoing investigation and remedial activities, overseen by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) or a state agency, in which Ashland or its subsidiaries are typically participating as a member of a PRP group. Generally, the types of relief sought include remediation of contaminated soil and/or groundwater, reimbursement for past costs of site cleanup and administrative oversight and/or long-term monitoring of environmental conditions at the sites. The ultimate costs are not predictable with assurance. 
 (b) Lower Passaic River, New Jersey Matters - Ashland, through two formerly owned facilities, and International Specialty Products (ISP), through a now-closed facility, have been identified as PRPs, along with approximately 70 other companies (the 
 23 

Cooperating Parties Group or the CPG), in a May 2007 Administrative Order of Consent (AOOC) with the USEPA. The parties are required to perform a remedial investigation and feasibility study (RI/FS) of the entire 17 miles of the Passaic River. In June 2007, the USEPA separately commenced a Focused Feasibility Study (FFS) as an interim measure. In accordance with the 2007 AOOC, in June 2012 the CPG voluntarily entered into another AOOC for an interim removal action focused solely at mile 10.9 of the Passaic River. The allocations for the 2007 AOOC and the 2012 removal action are based on interim allocations, are immaterial and have been accrued. In April 2014, the USEPA released the FFS. The CPG submitted the Draft RI/FS Report on April 30, 2015. The USEPA has released the FFS Record of Decision for the lower 8 miles and reached an agreement with another chemical company to conduct and pay for the remedial design. This chemical company has sued Ashland, ISP and numerous other defendants to recover past and future costs pursuant to the CERCLA. Ashland s motion to dismiss was partially granted, and the surviving claims are in the early stages of discovery. Ashland and ISP are participating in an USEPA allocation process. The release of the FFS Record of Decision, the current allocations proceedings and the lawsuit are not expected to be material to Ashland. 
 For additional information regarding environmental matters and reserves, see Note N of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Other Pending Legal Proceedings 
 In addition to the matters described above, there are other various claims, lawsuits and administrative proceedings pending or threatened against Ashland and its current and former subsidiaries. Such actions are with respect to commercial matters, product liability, toxic tort liability, employment matters and other environmental matters which seek remedies or damages, some of which are for substantial amounts. While Ashland cannot predict with certainty the outcome of such actions, it believes that adequate reserves have been recorded and losses already recognized with respect to such actions were immaterial as of September 30, 2021. There is a reasonable possibility that a loss exceeding amounts already recognized may be incurred related to these actions; however, Ashland believes that such potential losses were immaterial as of September 30, 2021. 
 24 

ITEM 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 ITEM X. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE O FFICERS 
 The following is a list of Ashland s current executive officers, their ages and their positions and offices during the last five years. 
 GUILLERMO NOVO (age 59) is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. since December 31, 2019. Mr. Novo has served as a director of Ashland s Board since May 22, 2019. Most recently, Mr. Novo served as the President and CEO of Versum Materials, Inc., a premier specialty materials company, and was a member of the board of directors. Previously, Mr. Novo served as Executive Vice President, Materials Technologies of Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. Air Products ), an industrial gases and related equipment company, from 2014 to 2016. He joined Air Products in September 2012 as Senior Vice President Electronics, Performance Materials, Strategy and Technology. Mr. Novo also served as a director of Bemis Company until May 2019. 
 J. KEVIN WILLIS (age 56) is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. since September 2016. Mr. Willis held the same positions at Ashland Inc. and served in such capacities since May 2013. 
 YVONNE WINKLER VON MOHRENFELS (age 55) is Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. since January 2021. Previously, Ms. Winkler von Mohrenfels served as Deputy General Counsel with Ashland from June 2020 to December 2020; Assistant General Council from February 2019 to May 2020; Senior Group Council from August 2016 to February 2019; Group Council from October 2014 to July 2016 and Senior Council from August 2011 to September 2014. 
 XIAOLAN WANG (age 57) is Senior Vice President and General Manager, Personal Care Household of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. since February 2020. Most recently, Dr. Wang served as Senior Vice President and General Manager, Business Line Interface and Performance from January 2019 to January 2020 and Senior Vice President and General Manager, Business Line Household Care from April 2016 to December 2018 of Evonik Nutrition Care at Evonik Industries AG. Previously, Dr. Wang served as Senior Vice President of Evonik Nutrition Care Asia North from January 2015 to March 2016 and Senior Vice President of Evonik Consumer Specialties Asia from July 2013 to December 2014 at Evonik Industries AG. 
 MIN CHONG (age 50) is Senior Vice President and General Manager, Specialty Additives and Intermediates and Solvents of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. since January 2020. Most recently, Mr. Chong served as Senior Vice President and General Manager, Crosslinkers at Evonik Industries AG/ADR from January 2017 to December 2019. Previously, Mr. Chong served as Vice President and General Manager, Epoxy Curing Agents from January 2015 to December 2017 and Vice President and General Manager, Performance Materials Asia from January 2013 to December 2014 at Air Products Chemicals, Inc. 
 ASHOK S. KALYANA (age 49) is Senior Vice President and General Manager, Life Sciences since January 2020. Most recently, Mr. Kalyana was Vice President Business Development and Commercial, APAC at Tate Lyle Asia Pacific PTE LTD from August 2019 to January 2020. Previously, Mr. Kalyana was the APAC Business Director, Coatings from November 2015 to July 2019 and Global Marketing Director, Coatings from January 2014 to November 2019 at Dow Chemical Co. 
 OSAMA M. MUSA (age 53) is Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. since November 2018. Previously, Dr. Musa served as Vice President, ASI Technology from November 2014 to November 2018 and Vice President, Technology and Innovation of Ashland from August 2012 until November 2014. 
 ERIC N. BONI (age 52) is Vice President, Finance and Principal Accounting Officer of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. since January 2020. Previously, Mr. Boni served as Vice President, Finance from January 2019 to January 2020 and Vice President, Finance and Treasurer from September 2016 to January 2019 of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Mr. Boni served as Vice President and Treasurer of Ashland Inc. from December 2011 to September 2016. 
 Each executive officer is elected by the Board of Directors of Ashland to a term of one year, or until a successor is duly elected, at the annual meeting of the Board of Directors, except in those instances where the officer is elected other than at an annual meeting of the Board of Directors, in which case his or her tenure will expire at the next annual meeting of the Board of Directors unless the officer is re-elected. 
 25 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 On September 20, 2016, Ashland Inc. became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Ashland Global Holdings Inc., and Ashland Inc. s common stock ceased trading on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). Ashland Global Holdings Inc. s common stock began trading on NYSE under the symbol ASH on September 20, 2016. 
 At October 31, 2021, there were approximately 9,392 holders of record of Ashland s Common Stock. Ashland Common Stock is listed on the NYSE (ticker symbol ASH) and has trading privileges on Nasdaq. 
 There were no sales of unregistered securities required to be reported under Item 5 of Form 10-K. 
 FIVE-YEAR TOTAL RETURN PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The following graph compares Ashland s five-year cumulative total shareholder return with the cumulative total return of the S P MidCap 400 index and one peer group of companies. Ashland is listed in the S P MidCap 400 index. The cumulative total shareholder return assumes the reinvestment of dividends. On May 12, 2017, Ashland completed the final separation of Valvoline Inc. with the pro rata distribution of 2.745338 shares of Valvoline Inc. common stock for every share of Ashland Common Stock to Ashland stockholders. The effect of the final separation of Valvoline Inc. is reflected in the cumulative total return of Ashland Common Stock as a reinvested dividend. 
 COMPARISON OF FIVE-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 ASHLAND, S P MIDCAP 400 INDEX AND PEER GROUP 

2016 
 
 2017 
 
 2018 
 
 2019 
 
 2020 
 
 2021 

Ashland 
 
 100 
 
 111 
 
 144 
 
 134 
 
 126 
 
 160 

S P MidCap 400 
 
 100 
 
 117 
 
 134 
 
 131 
 
 128 
 
 185 

Peer Group - Materials 
 
 100 
 
 121 
 
 126 
 
 127 
 
 140 
 
 180 

The peer group consists of the following industry indices: 
 Peer Group Materials: S P 500 Materials (large-cap) and S P MidCap 400 Materials. As of September 30, 2021, this peer group consisted of 55 companies. 

26 

Purchase of Company Common Stock 
 Share repurchase activity during the three months ended September 30, 2021 was as follows: 

Q4 Fiscal Periods 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share, including commission 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) (a) 

July 1, 2021 to July 31, 2021 

800 

August 1, 2021 to August 31, 2021 

800 

September 1, 2021 to September 30, 2021 (b) 

3,922,423 

114.73 

3,922,423 

350 

Total 

3,922,423 

3,922,423 

350 

(a)	During March 2018, Ashland s Board of Directors approved a new 1 billion stock repurchase program, which replaced the previous stock repurchase program. The Company's stock repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the program, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. On September 2, 2021 Ashland entered into a 450 million accelerated share repurchase agreement with JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA with an initial delivery of 3.9 million Ashland shares. The repurchase amount is part of the Board approved stock repurchase program. The agreement is scheduled to terminate no later than March 31, 2022, but may terminate sooner under certain circumstances. As of September 30, 2021, 350 million remains available for repurchase under this authorization. 
 (b)	Final average price paid per share, including commission, will be determined upon completion of the accelerated share repurchase. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations on pages M- 1 through M- 43 . 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk on page M- 43 . 
 27 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The consolidated financial statements of Ashland presented in this annual report on Form 10-K are listed in the index on page F- 1 . 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of September 30, 2021, Ashland, under the supervision and with the participation of Ashland s management, including Ashland s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of Ashland s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2021. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting - See Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting on page F- 2 and the Reports of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on pages F- 3 and F-4. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During fiscal 2021, Ashland completed its purchase of Sch lke. Although management believes appropriate internal controls and procedures have been maintained, Sch lke's controls and procedures for the recording, processing and summarizing of financial information have not been fully evaluated by Ashland's management as of September 30, 2021. Otherwise, there have been no changes in Ashland s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Ashland s internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 On November 18, 2021, the Board of Directors of Ashland approved an updated Form of Chief Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement (Form of CEO CIC Agreement) attached hereto as Exhibit 10.69 and incorporated herein by reference. On November 19, 2021, Mr. Guillermo Novo, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ashland signed a new change in control agreement substantially in the form of the Form of CEO CIC Agreement. 
 28 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under the caption Proposal One - Election of Directors in Ashland s Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2021. See also the list of Ashland s executive officers and related information under Information About Our Executive Officers in Part I - Item X in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under the caption Corporate Governance - Governance Principles in Ashland s Proxy Statement. 
 There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under the caption Corporate Governance - Stockholder Nominations of Directors in Ashland s Proxy Statement. 
 There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under the caption Audit Committee Report regarding Ashland s audit committee and audit committee financial experts, as defined under Item 407(d)(4) and (5) of Regulation S-K in Ashland s Proxy Statement. 
 There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under the caption Corporate Governance Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in Ashland s Proxy Statement. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUT IVE COMPENSATION 
 There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under the captions Compensation of Directors, Corporate Governance - Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Executive Compensation, in Ashland s Proxy Statement. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under the captions Ashland Common Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, and Ashland Common Stock Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers of Ashland in Ashland s Proxy Statement. 
 
 The following table summarizes the equity compensation plans under which Ashland Common Stock may be issued as of September 30, 2021. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

773,591 
 
 (1) 

62.14 
 
 (2) 

10,345,170 
 
 (3) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

50,362 
 
 (4) 

1,283,036 
 
 (5) 

Total 

823,953 

62.14 
 
 (2) 

11,628,206 

29 

(1)	This figure includes 169,024 net shares that could be issued under stock-settled SARs under the Amended and Restated 2011 Ashland Inc. Incentive Plan 2011 Incentive Plan ), 264,639 net shares that could be issued under stock-settled SARs, 7,175 net shares that could be issued under stock-settled SARs, 9,240 shares that could be issued under stock-settled restricted stock units under the Amended and Restated 2015 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Incentive Plan 2015 Incentive Plan ), 66,239 shares that could be issued under stock settled restricted stock units under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2018 Omnibus Plan ), based upon the closing price of Ashland Common Stock on the NYSE as of September 30, 2021 of 89.12. Additionally, this figure includes 78,262 performance units for the fiscal 2018-2020 performance period payable in Ashland Common Stock under the 2015 Incentive Plan, 2,460 performance units for the fiscal 2019-2021 performance period payable in Ashland Common Stock under the 2018 Omnibus Plan and 158,905 performance units for the fiscal 2020-2022 performance period payable in Ashland Common Stock under the 2018 Omnibus Plan, estimated assuming target performance is achieved. Also included in the figure are 17,647 shares to be issued under the pre-2005 Deferred Compensation Plan for Employees payable in Ashland Common Stock upon termination of employment or service with Ashland. 
 (2)	The weighted-average exercise price excludes shares in Ashland Common Stock which may be distributed under the deferred compensation plans and the deferred restricted stock, and performance share units and restricted stock units which may be distributed under the 2011 Incentive Plan, the 2015 Incentive Plan and the 2018 Omnibus Plan, as described in footnotes (1) and (4) in this table. 
 (3)	This figure includes 6,744,296 available for issuance under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2021 Omnibus Plan, 122,374 shares available for issuance under the pre-2005 Deferred Compensation Plan for Employees (closed) and 369,766 shares available for issuance under the pre-2005 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (closed). Under the 2018 Incentive Plan, full-value awards, which include all awards other than stock options and SARs, reduce the share reserve on a 2-to-1 basis. The remaining balance of shares available for grant under the 2018 Omnibus Plan are now available for grant under the 2021 Omnibus Plan and are included in the numbers of shares available for issuance under the 2021 Omnibus Plan. This figure also includes 80,311 shares available for issuance under the 2006 Incentive Plan, 2,564,522 shares available for issuance under the 2011 Incentive Plan and 463,901 shares available for issuance under the 2015 Incentive Plan; however, these plans are closed for new issuances and the only shares remaining to be issued are shares paid in lieu of dividends and for the 2015 Incentive Plan, shares to be issued for unvested performance units and restricted stock units. 
 (4)	This figure includes 38,382 shares to be issued under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Employees (2005), which is described in the Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation-Ashland Employees Deferral Plan section of Ashland s proxy statement, and 11,980 shares to be issued under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (2005), which is described in the Compensation of Directors section of Ashland s proxy statement, payable in Ashland Common Stock upon termination of employment or service with Ashland. Because these plans are not equity compensation plans as defined by the rules of the NYSE, neither plan required approval by Ashland s stockholders. 
 (5)	This figure includes 618,766 shares available for issuance under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Employees (2005) and 664,270 shares available for issuance under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (2005). Because these plans are not equity compensation plans as defined by the rules of the NYSE, neither plan required approval by Ashland s stockholders. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 There is hereby incorporated by reference the information to appear under the captions Corporate Governance - Director Independence and Certain Relationships, Corporate Governance - Related Person Transaction Policy, and Audit Committee Report in Ashland s Proxy Statement. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 There is hereby incorporated by reference the information with respect to principal accounting fees and services to appear under the captions Audit Committee Report and Proposal Two - Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accountants in Ashland s Proxy Statement. 
 30 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FIN ANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Report 
 (1) Financial Statements; and 
 (2) See Item 15(b) in this annual report on Form 10-K 
 The consolidated financial statements of Ashland presented in this annual report on Form 10-K are listed in the index on page F-1. 
 Schedules other than that listed above have been omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required or because the information required is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. Separate financial statements of unconsolidated affiliates are omitted because each company does not constitute a significant subsidiary using the 20 tests when considered individually. 
 (b) Documents required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 

2.1 
 
 Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2014, between Ashland Inc. and CD R Seahawk Bidco, LLC (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

2.2 
 
 Sale and Purchase Agreement related to the ASK Chemicals Group, dated April 8, 2014, among Ashland Inc., Ashland International Holdings, Inc., Clariant Produkte (Deutschland) GmbH, Clariant Corp., mertus 158. GmbH, Ascot US Bidco Inc. and Ascot UK Bidco Limited (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

2.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated May 31, 2016, by and among Ashland Inc., Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Ashland Merger Sub Corp. (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

2.4 
 
 Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated November 14, 2018, between Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and INEOS Enterprises Holdings Limited (pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, exhibits, schedules and certain annexes to the Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement have been omitted; exhibits, schedules and annexes will be supplementally provided to the SEC upon request) (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2018 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference.) 

2.5 
 
 First Amendment to Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated July 1, 2019, between Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and INEOS Enterprises Holdings Limited (pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, exhibits, schedules and certain annexes to the Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement have been omitted; exhibits, schedules and annexes will be supplementally provided to the SEC upon request) (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

2.6 
 
 Second Amendment to Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated July 30, 2019, between Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and INEOS Enterprises Holdings Limited (pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, exhibits, schedules and certain annexes to the Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement have been omitted; exhibits, schedules and annexes will be supplementally provided to the SEC upon request (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

2.7 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated July 25, 2020, by and between Ashland LLC and AOC Materials LLC (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2020 (SEC File No. 333-211719 and incorporated herein by reference). 

2.8 
 
 Master Asset Purchase Agreement, dated January 18, 2021, entered into by and between Sch lke Mayr GmbH, ISP Marl Holdings and Ashland Industries Europe GmbH (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2021 (SEC File No.333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

31 

2.9 
 
 Amendment Agreement to the Master Purchase Agreement regarding the acquisition of the Personal Care Business of Sch lke Mayr GmbH dated April 29, 2021, filed as Exhibit 2.2 to Ashland s Form 10-Q filed on July 29, 2021 (SEC File No.333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

2.10 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2021, between Ashland LLC and Arkema, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on August 31, 2021 (SEC File No.333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated by reference herein). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed November 17, 2017 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated by reference herein). 

4.1 
 
 Ashland agrees to provide the SEC, upon request, copies of instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of Ashland and all of its subsidiaries for which consolidated or unconsolidated financial statements are required to be filed with the SEC. 

4.2 
 
 Warrant Agreement dated July 27, 1999 between Hercules and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as warrant agent (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Hercules Form 8-K filed on July 28, 1999 (SEC File No. 001-00496), and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Series A Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to Hercules Form 8-K filed on July 28, 1999 (SEC File No. 001-00496), and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.4 
 
 Form of CREST SM Unit (filed as Exhibit 4.7 to Hercules Form 8-K filed on July 28, 1999 (SEC File No. 001-00496), and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant (filed as Exhibit 4.8 to Hercules Form 8-K filed on July 28, 1999 (SEC File No. 001-00496), and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.6 
 
 Form of 100,000,000 6.6 Debenture due August 27, 2027 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Hercules Form 8-K filed on July 30, 1997 (SEC File No. 001-00496), and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.7 
 
 Indenture, dated as of August 7, 2012, between Ashland Inc. and U.S. Bank N.A., as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2012 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.8 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 26, 2013, between Ashland Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, in respect of the senior notes due 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.11 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.9 
 
 Indenture, dated as of February 26, 2013, between Ashland Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2013 (SEC File No. 001- 32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.10 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 26, 2013, between Ashland Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, in respect of the senior notes due 2016, 2018 and 2043 (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.11 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2013, between Ashland Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, in respect of the senior notes due 2043 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.12 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated October 19, 2016, among Ashland LLC, Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and US Bank National Association, to the Indenture dated as of August 7, 2012 between Ashland LLC and US Bank National Association (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on October 20, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

32 

4.13 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated October 19, 2016, among Ashland LLC, Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and US Bank National Association, to the Indenture dated as of February 27, 2013 between Ashland LLC and US Bank National Association (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on October 20, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.14 
 
 Indenture dated January 23, 2020, among Ashland Services B.V., Ashland Global Holdings Inc., Ashland LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, in respect of the Senior Euro-Denominated Notes due 2028 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2020 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.15(a) 
 
 Description of Capital Stock (filed as Exhibit 4.14(a) to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.15(b) 
 
 Description of 6.875 Senior Notes due 2043 (filed as Exhibit 4.14(b) to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.15(c) 
 
 Description of 4.750 Senior Notes due 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.14(c) to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.16 
 
 Indenture dated August 18, 2021, among Ashland LLC, Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, in respect of the Notes due 2031 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference.) 

The following Exhibits 10.1 through 10.59 are contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements or management contracts required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Items 601(b)(10)(ii)(A) and 601(b)(10)(iii)(A) and (B) of Regulation S-K. 

10.1 
 
 Ashland Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors and Amendment No. 1 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Ashland s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2004 (SEC File No. 001-02918), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.2 
 
 Ashland Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan and Amendment No. 1 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Ashland s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2004 (SEC File No. 001-02918), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Employees (2005) effective as of January 1, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Ashland Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (2005) (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2008 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.5 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Ashland Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (2005) (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Ashland s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (2005) effective as of January 1, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Ashland s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Ashland Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Employees (2005) (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2008 (SEC File No. 001-32532) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.8 
 
 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Employees (Amended and Restated Effective as of May 22, 2019) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.9 
 
 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Amended and Restated as of May 22, 2019) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Ashland s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-21179), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.10 
 
 Ashland Supplemental Defined Contribution Plan for Certain Employees (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Ashland s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference) (Frozen). 

33 

10.11 
 
 Form of Chief Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on October 9, 2015 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.12 
 
 Form of Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on October 9, 2015 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.13 
 
 Amended and Restated Ashland Inc. Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.17 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2009 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.14 
 
 2006 Ashland Inc. Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10 to Ashland s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2005 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.15 
 
 Amended and Restated 2011 Ashland Inc. Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.16 
 
 Amended and Restated 2015 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.17 
 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2011 Ashland Inc. Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.16 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.18 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2011 Ashland Inc. Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.19 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2015 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Ashland s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.20 
 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2015 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Ashland s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.21 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2015 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Incentive Plan (Double-Trigger Form) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2015 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.22 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on October 9, 2015 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.23 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2015 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Incentive Plan (Double-Trigger Form) (filed as Exhibit 10.37 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.24 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2015 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Incentive Plan (Double-Trigger Form) (filed as Exhibit 10.38 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.25 
 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2015 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Incentive Plan (Double-Trigger Form) (filed as Exhibit 10.39 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.26 
 
 Form of Performance Unit (LTIP) Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2015 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Incentive Plan (Double-Trigger Form) (filed as Exhibit 10.40 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated by reference herein). 

34 

10.27 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Ashland and members of its Board of Directors (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.28 
 
 Ashland Severance Pay Plan effective as of January 1, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.49 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.29 
 
 Form of Cash-Settled Performance Unit (LTIP) Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2015 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Incentive Plan (Double-Trigger Form) (filed as Exhibit 10.59 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.30 
 
 Amended and Restated Hercules Deferred Compensation Plan effective January 1, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended on September 30, 2010 (SEC File No. 001-32532), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.31 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Hercules Deferred Compensation Plan dated September 30, 2016 (annuity cash-out) (filed as Exhibit 10.61 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.32 
 
 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2018 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.33 
 
 Form of Stock-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2018 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.34 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2018 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.35 
 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Award Agreement under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2018 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.36 
 
 Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2018 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.37 
 
 Form of Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2018 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.38 
 
 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. NonQualified Defined Contribution Plan (Amended and Restated as of May 22, 2019) (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Ashland s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.39 
 
 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Supplemental Defined Contribution Plan for Certain Employees (Amended and Restated as of May 22, 2019) (filed as Exhibit 10.39 to Ashland s Form 10-K filed on November 25, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.40 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (with pro-rata vesting upon death, disability and retirement) (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Ashland s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.41 
 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Award Agreement (Stock Settled) under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (with pro-rata vesting upon death, disability and retirement) (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Ashland s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.42 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (with pro-rata vesting upon death, disability and retirement) (filed as Exhibit 

35 

10.7 to Ashland s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.43 
 
 Form of Stock-Settled Performance Unit Award Agreement under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (with pro-rata vesting upon death, disability and retirement) (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Ashland s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.44 
 
 Offer Letter dated as of October 8, 2019, entered into by Guillermo Novo and Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on October 8, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.45 
 
 Letter Agreement dated as of October 8, 2019, entered into by William A. Wulfsohn and Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on October 8, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.46 
 
 Separation Agreement and General Release between Jack William Heitman, Jr. A and Ashland LLC, effective as of December 31, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Ashland s Form 10-Q filed on January 29, 2020 (SEC File No: 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.47 
 
 Separation Agreement and General Release between William A. Wulfsohn and Ashland LLC, effective as of December 31, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Ashland s Form 10-Q filed on January 29, 2020 (SEC File No: 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.48 
 
 Form of Chief Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Ashland s Form 10-Q filed on January 29, 2020 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.49 
 
 Amendment to Ashland s Severance Pay Plan dated January 29, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2020 (SEC File No: 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.50 
 
 Letter Agreement by and between Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Peter J. Ganz, dated May 19, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2020 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.51 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Peter J. Ganz, dated May 19, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2020 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.52 
 
 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.53 
 
 Form of Stock-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.54 
 
 Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.55 
 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.56 
 
 Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.57 
 
 Form of Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.58 
 
 Separation Agreement and General Release between Peter S. Ganz and Ashland LLC, effective as of December 31, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Ashland s Form 10-Q filed on February 4, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.59 
 
 Separation Agreement and General Release between Keith Silverman and Ashland LLC, effective as of November 30, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Ashland s Form 10-Q filed on February 4, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

36 

10.60 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and among Ashland LLC and Ashland Specialty Ingredients G.P., as originators, Ashland LLC, as initial servicer, and CVG Capital III LLC, as purchaser (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2021 (SEC File No.333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.61 
 
 Receivables Purchasing Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and among CVG Capital III LLC, PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, PNC Bank Capital Markets LLC, as structuring agent, Ashland LLC, as initial servicer, and certain other persons from time to time party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2021 (SEC File No.333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.62 
 
 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Senior Leadership Severance Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.63 
 
 Form of Cash Settled Restricted Stock Equivalent Award Agreement for Non-U.S. Participants under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.64 
 
 Form of Cash Settled Performance Unit Award Agreement for Non-U.S. Participants under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.65 
 
 Form of Stock Settled Performance Unit Agreement for U.S. Employees under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.66 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for U.S. Employees under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.67 
 
 Form of Stock-Settled Performance Unit Agreement for (Germany) under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.68 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for (Germany) under the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.69 
 
 Form of Chief Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement 

10.70 
 
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of May 19, 2017, among Ashland LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower ), certain subsidiaries of the Borrower, The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ), and Citibank, N.A., as the Incremental Revolving Credit Lender, to the Credit Agreement dated as of May 17, 2017, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, each lender and letter of credit issuer party thereto and the other agents party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2017 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.71 
 
 Amendment No. 2 dated as of June 14, 2017, among Ashland LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower ), certain subsidiaries of the Borrower, The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ), and Citibank, N.A., as the Term B Lender, to the Credit Agreement dated as of May 17, 2017, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, each lender and letter of credit issuer party thereto and the other agents party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2017 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.72 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement dated as of May 17, 2017, dated as of May 22, 2018, among Ashland LLC, as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, each other L/C Issuer from time to time party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and the various other parties thereto (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2017, as further amended by Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2017, and as further amended, restated, modified and supplemented from time to time) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2018 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

37 

10.73 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement dated as of May 17, 2017, dated as of June 29, 2018, among Ashland LLC, as Borrower, The Lenders from time to time party thereto, The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ), Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, each other L/C Issuer from time to time party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and the various other parties thereto (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2017, as further amended by Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2017 and Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2018, and as further amended, restated, modified and supplemented from time to time) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2018 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.74 
 
 Credit Agreement dated as of January 10, 2020, among Ashland Global Holdings Inc., Ashland Chemco Inc., Ashland LLC, Ashland Services B.V., each lender from time to time party thereto, the Bank of Nova Scotia, as administrative agent, swing line lender and a letter of credit issuer, each other letter of credit issuer from time to time party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as syndication agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2020 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.75 
 
 Assumption Agreement dated September 20, 2016, by and between Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Ashland Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.76 
 
 Separation Agreement dated as of September 22, 2016, between and among Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Valvoline Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.77 
 
 Tax Matters Agreement dated as of September 22, 2016, between and among Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Valvoline Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.78 
 
 Employee Matters Agreement dated as of September 22, 2016, between and among Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Valvoline Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2016 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.79 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated April 14, 2017, by and among Ashland LLC, Pharmachem Laboratories, Inc., the holders of common stock of Pharmachem Laboratories, Inc., Dr. David Peele, and Photon SH Representative LLC, solely as the shareholders representative (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2017 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.80 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated May 16, 2017, by and among Ashland LLC, Pharmachem Laboratories, Inc., the holders of common stock of Pharmachem Laboratories, Inc., Dr. David Peele, and Photon SH Representative LLC, solely as the shareholders representative (filed as Exhibit 2.2 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2017 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.81 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated August 23, 2017, by and among Ashland LLC, Pharmachem Laboratories, Inc., the holders of common stock of Pharmachem Laboratories, Inc., Dr. David Peele, and Photon SH Representative LLC, solely as the shareholders representative (filed as Exhibit 10.84 to Ashland s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.82 
 
 Agreement, dated January 22, 2019, by and amount Ashland Global Holdings Inc., Cruiser Capital Advisors, LLC, Keith M. Rosenbloom, Cruiser Capital Master Fund LP, Metamorphosis IV LLC, William H. Joyce, Metamorphosis Master Fund LP, Cruiser Capital Metamorphosis Advisors, LLC, Cruiser Capital, LLC, Cruiser Capital, Ltd., the William H. Joyce Revocable Trust and the Joyce Family Irrevocable Trust (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference.) 

10.83 
 
 Master Confirmation Uncollared Accelerated Share Repurchase, dated May 6, 2019, between Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Goldman Sachs (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-211719) and incorporated herein by reference) . 

38 

10.84 
 
 Master Confirmation - Uncollared Accelerated Share Repurchase, dated September 2, 2021, between Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Ashland s Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-211719), and incorporated herein by reference.) 

21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Gnarus Advisors LLC 

24 
 
 Power of Attorney. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Guillermo Novo, Chief Executive Officer of Ashland, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of J. Kevin Willis, Chief Financial Officer of Ashland, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
 
 Certification of Guillermo Novo, Chief Executive Officer of Ashland, and J. Kevin Willis, Chief Financial Officer of Ashland, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) for years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019; (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2021 and 2020; (iii) Statements of Consolidated Equity at September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019; (iv) Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows for years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 	Filed herewith. 
 SM Service mark, Ashland or its subsidiaries, registered in various countries. 
 Trademark, Ashland or its subsidiaries, registered in various countries. 
 Trademark owned by a third party. 
 Upon written or oral request, a copy of the above exhibits will be furnished at cost. 
 
 ITEM 16. FOR M 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 39 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ASHLAND GLOBAL HOLDINGS INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Willis 

J. Kevin Willis 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Date: November 22, 2021 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant, in the capacities indicated, on November 22, 2021. 

Signatures 
 
 Capacity 

/s/ Guillermo Novo 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Guillermo Novo 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ J. Kevin Willis 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

J. Kevin Willis 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Eric N. Boni 
 
 Vice President, Finance and Principal Accounting Officer 

Eric N. Boni 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Director 

Brendan M. Cummins 

Director 

William G. Dempsey 

Director 

Jay V. Ihlenfeld 

Director 

Wetteny Joseph 

Director 

Susan L. Main 

Director 

Jerome A. Peribere 

Director 

Ricky C. Sandler 

Director 

Janice J. Teal 

By: 
 /s/ Yvonne Winkler von Mohrenfels 

Yvonne Winkler von Mohrenfels 

Attorney-in-Fact 

Date: 
 November 22, 2021 

40 

This page intentionally left blank. 
 
 41 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 Effect of Recent Accounting Pronouncements and SEC Regulations 
 In November 2020, the SEC issued Release No. 33-10890, Management s Discussion and Analysis, Selected Financial Data, and Supplementary Financial Information . The SEC adopted these amendments to modernize, simplify, and enhance certain financial disclosure requirements in Regulation S-K. Specifically, the requirement for Selected Financial Data was eliminated, the requirement to disclose Supplementary Financial Information was streamlined, and Management s Discussion Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A were amended. These amendments are intended to eliminate duplicative disclosures and modernize and enhance MD A disclosures for the benefit of investors, while simplifying compliance efforts for registrants. 
 This release was effective for Ashland on August 9, 2021. As a result, Ashland applied the required amendments where applicable to form 10-K for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 
 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 Ashland profile 
 Ashland is a premier global leader in providing specialty materials to customers in a wide range of consumer and industrial markets including architectural coatings, construction, energy, food and beverage, nutraceuticals, personal care and pharmaceutical. With approximately 4,100 employees worldwide, Ashland serves customers in more than 100 countries. 
 Ashland s sales generated outside of North America were 68 in 2021 and 67 in 2020 and 2019. Sales by region expressed as a percentage of total consolidated sales were as follows: 

Sales by Geography 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

North America (a) 

32 

33 

33 

Europe 

36 

36 

36 

Asia Pacific 

23 

22 

22 

Latin America other 

9 

9 

9 

100 

100 

100 

(a)	Ashland includes only U.S. and Canada in its North American designation. 
 Reportable segments 
 On August 31, 2021, Ashland announced its agreement with Arkema, a French soci t anonyme, to sell its Performance Adhesive business for the sum of 1.65 billion. The transaction is expected to close by the March 2022 quarter end, subject to closing conditions. Ashland expects net proceeds from the sale to be approximately 1.2 to 1.3 billion, with the aim of using the proceeds to invest in the growth of the other reportable core businesses as well as to optimize its balance sheet and reward shareholders. The expected divestiture represents a strategic shift in Ashland's business and qualifies as a discontinued operation. As a result, the assets, liabilities, operating results and cash flows related to Performance Adhesives have been classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented within the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 As a result, Ashland s reportable segments include Life Sciences, Personal Care Household, Specialty Additives and Intermediates and Solvents. Unallocated and Other includes corporate governance activities and certain legacy matters. The 
 M- 1 

contribution to sales by each reportable segment expressed as a percentage of total consolidated sales for the year ended September 30 were as follows: 

Sales by Reportable Segment 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Life Sciences 

35 

35 

35 

Personal Care Household 

28 

31 

30 

Specialty Additives 

31 

29 

30 

Intermediates and Solvents 

6 

5 

5 

100 

100 

100 

KEY DEVELOPMENTS 
 Business Results 
 Ashland s net income was 220 million 173 million income from continuing operations and 47 million income from discontinued operations) in 2021 compared to a loss of 508 million 555 million loss from continuing operations and 47 million income from discontinued operations) in 2020. Results for Ashland s continuing operations for 2021 and 2020 were impacted by restructuring costs and environmental reserve adjustments. Additionally, the current year included 17 million of debt restructuring costs, 13 million restructuring related impairment charges, and inventory adjustments. The prior year was affected by a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 530 million, debt restructuring costs of 67 million and inventory control measures costs of 51 million. Discontinued operations were primarily driven by the change in results of the Performance Adhesives business, the Composites business, and the Marl facility between periods, including associated gains as a result of business dispositions. Ashland s Adjusted EBITDA is 495 million for the current year compared to 449 million in the prior year (see U.S. GAAP reconciliation under consolidated review). The 46 million increase in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to improved pricing, favorable foreign currency exchange and lower selling, general and administrative expenses as a result of cost reduction programs. These increases were partially offset by challenges in shipping, logistics and packaging procurement as well as unplanned plant shutdowns, primarily associated with winter storms. 
 Uncertainty relating to the COVID-19 pandemic 
 Ashland continues to closely monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of its business and geographies, including how it will impact customers, employees, suppliers, vendors, business partners and distribution channels. Ashland is unable to predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on its future financial position and operating results due to numerous uncertainties. These uncertainties include the severity of the virus and any variants, the duration of the outbreak, governmental, business or other actions, impacts on Ashland s supply chain, the effect on customer demand, or changes to Ashland s operations. The health of Ashland s workforce and its ability to meet staffing needs throughout the critical functions cannot be predicted and is vital to operations. Further, the impacts of a potential worsening of global economic conditions and the continued disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets, consumer spending as well as other unanticipated consequences remain unknown. In addition, Ashland cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on its customers, vendors, suppliers and other business partners; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact Ashland. 
 Ashland continues to successfully navigate the uncertain environment associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. This includes the execution of shelter in place, social distancing and deep cleaning process requirements. Through the balance of fiscal year 2021, Ashland has not experienced any additional major operating surprises beyond the initial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, maintained a robust supply chain in a challenging environment, had strong safety performance in the face of unprecedented pressures and improved operating discipline across each of its businesses. The life sciences and personal care household businesses showed resiliency in the face of difficult economic circumstances. The specialty additives business and the intermediates and solvents business results improved primarily due to increased product demand as countries began to ease pandemic related restrictions across the globe during 2021. Ashland s overall liquidity remains strong and Ashland is more than able to meet its operating cash needs and other investing and financing cash requirements at this time, including those necessary to grow the business as economic conditions improve. 
 M- 2 

The situation surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic remains fluid, and Ashland is actively managing its response in collaboration with customers, government officials, team members and business partners. For further information regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company, please see Item 1A, Risk Factors in this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Other significant items 
 Performance Adhesives 
 In May 2021, Ashland announced a strategic review of its Performance Adhesives business unit. On August 31, 2021, Ashland announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to sell substantially all of the assets and liabilities of its Performance Adhesives segment in a transaction valued at 1.65 billion. The transaction is expected to close prior to the end of the March 2022 quarter, contingent on certain customary regulatory approvals, standard conditions and completion of required employee information and consultation processes. Since this transaction represents a strategic shift in Ashland s business and had a major effect on Ashland s operations and financial results, the operating results and cash flows related to Performance Adhesives have been reflected as discontinued operations in the statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. See Note C of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. Certain indirect corporate costs included within the selling, general and administrative expense caption of the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) that were previously allocated to the Performance Adhesives segment do not qualify for classification within discontinued operations and are now reported as selling, general and administrative expense within continuing operations on a consolidated basis and within the Unallocated and other segment. These costs were 15 million, 20 million, and 21 million during the twelve months ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Ashland is currently implementing plans to eliminate these costs. 
 Renewable annual trust for environmental remediation 
 On September 8, 2021, Ashland established a renewable annual trust for environmental remediation Environmental trust that Ashland determined is restricted for ongoing and future environmental remediation and related litigation costs. These funds are presented primarily as noncurrent assets within the restricted investments caption of the Consolidated Balance Sheets, with 10 million classified within other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2021, the funds within the Environmental trust had a balance of 88 million and were primarily invested in public equity, U.S. government bonds and investment grade corporate bond investments with a portion maintained in demand deposits. 
 Stock repurchase program 
 In September 2021, under the 2018 stock repurchase program, Ashland announced that it entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement (2021 ASR Agreement). Under the 2021 ASR Agreement, Ashland paid an initial purchase price of 450 million and received an initial delivery of 3.9 million shares of common stock during September 2021. The program is expected to terminate by March 2022, resulting in a final share repurchase transaction. 
 Personal Care Household acquisition 
 On April 30, 2021, Ashland completed its acquisition of the personal care business of Sch lke Mayr GmbH (Sch lke), a portfolio company of the global investment organization EQT. Ashland has included the purchase of this business within the Personal Care and Household reporting segment. The acquisition was recorded by Ashland using the purchase method of accounting in accordance with applicable U.S. GAAP whereby the total purchase price was allocated to tangible assets and liabilities acquired based on respective fair values. 
 The all-cash purchase price of Sch lke was 312 million. Ashland incurred acquisition related transaction costs of 4 million during fiscal 2021 which are recorded within the net income on acquisitions and divestitures caption within the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). Within this same caption, Ashland recognized income of 1 million during fiscal 
 M- 3 

2021 associated with foreign currency derivative and gains on foreign exchange contracts entered into to mitigate the exposure of the Euro denominated purchase price. 
 Operational business model changes and restructurings 
 As previously disclosed, during the second quarter of fiscal year 2020, Ashland changed the manner in which it manages the business moving from a functionally led to a business led organization. This new business-centric operational model required redesign of core operating systems and processes leading to a realignment in both the selling, general and administrative and research and development costs (SARD) associated with each business. In addition to the realignment of SARD, a productivity review with a focus on cost of goods sold (COGS) was also initiated. Based on these initiatives, Ashland is currently targeting the following savings: 
 50 million of incremental SARD cost savings 

50 million of incremental COGS productivity savings 

As of September 30, 2021, Ashland achieved approximately 96 of its target run-rate cost savings, representing 97 million in annualized run-rate savings under these initiatives. Ashland expects to be substantially complete with these initiatives by the end of calendar year 2021. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS CONSOLIDATED REVIEW 
 Consolidated review 
 Net income 
 Ashland s net income (loss) is primarily affected by results within operating income, net interest and other financing expense, other net periodic benefit income (expense), net income (loss) on acquisitions and divestitures, income taxes, discontinued operations and other significant events or transactions that are unusual or nonrecurring. 
 Key financial results for 2021, 2020 and 2019 included the following: 
 Ashland s net income/loss amounted to income of 220 million in 2021, loss of 508 million in 2020 and income of 505 million in 2019, or income of 3.59, a loss of 8.39 and income of 8.15 diluted earnings per share, respectively. 

Discontinued operations, which are reported net of taxes, resulted in income of 47 million, 47 million and 544 million during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

Results from continuing operations, which excludes results from discontinued operations, amounted to income of 173 million for fiscal 2021, and losses of 555 million and 39 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively. Fiscal 2020 includes a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 530 million. 

The effective income tax was an income tax benefit rate of 28 for 2021, income tax benefit rate of 4 for 2020, and income tax expense rate of 333 for 2019, which were significantly impacted by certain tax specific key items and tax discrete items. 

Ashland incurred pretax net interest and other expense of 56 million, 119 million and 99 million during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. This includes charges for 16 million and 59 million for debt refinancing costs during fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, and 1 million and 8 million for accelerated debt issuance costs during 2021 and 2020, respectively, as well as gains of 21 million, 20 million and 7 million on restricted investments during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

Other net periodic benefit expense totaled 1 million, and income of 3 million and 6 million during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

Net income/loss on acquisitions and divestitures totaled income of 11 million and 2 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively, and a loss of 2 million in 2019. 

M- 4 

Operating income/loss amounted to income of 181 million, a loss of 463 million, and income of 86 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Fiscal 2020 included a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 530 million. 

For further information on the items reported above, see the discussion in the comparative Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) caption review analysis. 
 Operating income 
 Operating income/loss was income of 181 million in 2021 compared to a loss of 463 million and income of 86 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively. The current and prior years operating income included certain key items that were excluded to arrive at Adjusted EBITDA and are quantified in the table below in the EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA section. These operating key items for the applicable periods are summarized as follows: 
 Restructuring, separation and other costs Ashland periodically implements company-wide cost reduction programs related to acquisitions, divestitures and other cost reduction programs in order to enhance profitability through streamlined operations and an improved overall cost structure. Ashland often incurs severance, facility and integration costs associated with these programs. See Note E in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the restructuring activities. 

Goodwill impairment During 2020, Ashland realigned its operations into five reportable segments which resulted in a reassessment of the Company s reporting units used to evaluate goodwill impairment. The impairment test under the new reporting unit structure concluded that the carrying value of the Personal Care Household and the Specialty Additives reporting units exceeded their fair value, resulting in a 530 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge in 2020. See note H and Critical Accounting Policies for additional information. 

Inventory adjustments During 2021, Ashland recorded non-cash charges related to the fair value adjustment of inventory acquired from Sch lke at the date of acquisition during the current year. During 2020, Ashland incurred charges associated with a program to reduce overall inventory levels as part of a working capital efficiency program. While successful in managing inventory levels, these actions resulted in increased expense primarily related to abnormal production variances due to plant shutdowns. 

Environmental reserve adjustments Ashland is subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations that require environmental assessment or remediation efforts (collectively environmental remediation) at multiple locations. As a result of these activities, Ashland recorded adjustments during each year to its environmental liabilities and receivables related to previously divested businesses or non-operational sites. See Note N of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 

Accelerated depreciation As a result of various restructuring activities at certain office facilities and manufacturing plants, Ashland recorded accelerated depreciation due to changes in the expected useful life of certain property, plant and equipment during 2019. See Note G of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 

Proxy costs Ashland incurred significant consulting and other costs associated with the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and agreement with the Cruiser Group (as defined in the agreement) during 2019. 

Asset impairments Ashland recognized impairment charges to certain assets during 2021 and 2019. See Note E of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 

Tax indemnity expense During 2019, Ashland recorded an adjustment to a tax indemnity receivable that was associated with the acquisition of Pharmachem. 

Unplanned plant shutdowns During 2019, Ashland incurred costs related to temporary shutdowns for the Specialty Additives Parlin facility as a result of force majeure contract issues. 

M- 5 

Operating income/loss for 2021, 2020 and 2019 included depreciation and amortization of 244 million, 235 million and 277 million, respectively (which includes accelerated depreciation of 39 million for 2019). 
 Non-operating key items affecting EBITDA 
 During the current and prior years, there were certain key items that were not included in operating income but were excluded to arrive at Adjusted EBITDA. These non-operating key items for the applicable periods are summarized as follows: 
 Net income/loss on divestitures Ashland recorded income of 11 million during 2021 and a loss of 3 million during 2019. This includes 3 million of expense relating to the Sch lke acquisition and a 14 million gain related to the sale of a Specialty Additives facility during 2021. 

Loss/gain on pension and other postretirement plan remeasurements - Ashland recognized actuarial gains and losses for defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for a remeasurement during a fiscal year. See Note M of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 

Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) caption review 
 A comparative analysis of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) by caption is provided as follows for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

change 

change 

Sales 

2,111 

2,016 

2,148 

95 

(132) 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the change in sales between fiscal years 2021 and 2020 and between fiscal years 2020 and 2019. 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 change 

2020 change 

Volume 

(3) 

(85) 

Pricing 

20 

(20) 

Currency exchange 

46 

(10) 

Plant realignment 

(17) 

Acquisition 

32 

Change in sales 

95 

(132) 

Sales for 2021 increased 95 million, or 5 , compared to 2020. The acquisition of Sch lke within the Personal Care and Household reportable segment, product pricing and foreign currency exchange increased sales by 32 million, 20 million and 46 million, respectively. These increases were partially offset by unfavorable volume, which decreased sales by 3 million. 
 Sales for 2020 decreased 132 million, or 6 , compared to 2019. Unfavorable volume, due primarily to lower industrial demand reflecting the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, product pricing, foreign currency exchange and plant realignment decreased sales by 85 million, 20 million, 10 million and 17 million, respectively. 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

change 

change 

Cost of sales 

1,441 

1,417 

1,497 

24 

(80) 

Gross profit as a percent of sales 

31.7 

29.7 

30.3 

Fluctuations in cost of sales are driven primarily by the effects of challenges in shipping and logistics in the current year and lower industrial demand across the globe reflecting the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the prior year, raw material prices, volume and changes in product mix, currency exchange, acquisitions and divestitures and other certain charges incurred as a result of changes or events within the businesses or restructuring activities. 
 M- 6 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the changes in cost of sales between fiscal years 2021 and 2020 and between fiscal years 2020 and 2019. 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 change 

2020 change 

Volume 

5 

(51) 

Plant realignment/closure costs 

(67) 

Price/mix 

(7) 

(55) 

Currency exchange 

22 

(6) 

Operating costs 

(16) 

99 

Acquisition 

20 

Change in cost of sales 

24 

(80) 

Cost of sales for 2021 increased 24 million compared to 2020. Foreign currency exchange, the Sch lke acquisition, and lower volume increased cost of sales by 22 million, 20 million, and 5 million, respectively. These increases were partially offset by the impact of lower price/mix and lower costs, including the winter storm impact of 11 million, which decreased cost of sales by 7 million and 16 million, respectively. 
 Cost of sales for 2020 decreased 80 million compared to 2019. Plant realignment/closure costs, price/mix, volume, due primarily to lower industrial demand reflecting the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and foreign currency exchange decreased cost of sales by 67 million, 55 million, 51 million, and 6 million, respectively. Those decreases were partially offset by higher operating costs which increased cost of sales by 99 million primarily as a result of inventory control measures taken during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

change 

change 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

358 

400 

426 

(42) 

(26) 

As a percent of sales 

17.0 

19.8 

19.8 

Selling, general and administrative expense for 2021 decreased 42 million compared to 2020, while expenses as a percent of sales decreased 2.8 percentage points. Key drivers of the fluctuation in selling, general and administrative expense compared to 2020 were: 
 45 million and 36 million in net environmental-related expenses during 2021 and 2020, respectively (see Note N for more information); 

10 million and 58 million of key items for severance, lease abandonment and other restructuring costs during 2021 and 2020, respectively; 

15 million and 20 million of stranded divestiture costs during 2021 and 2020, respectively; 

10 million related to a capital project impairment during 2021; and 

Unfavorable currency exchange of 7 million and lower variable compensation expense. 

Selling, general and administrative expense for 2020 decreased 26 million compared to 2019, with expenses as a percent of sales remaining constant. Key drivers of the fluctuation in selling, general and administrative expense compared to 2019 were: 
 36 million and 27 million in net environmental-related expenses during 2020 and 2019, respectively (see Note N for more information); 

58 million and 43 million of key items for restructuring, separation and other costs during 2020 and 2019, respectively; 

4 million of consulting and other costs associated with the proxy contest during 2019; 

20 million, and 21 million of stranded divestiture costs during 2020 and 2019, respectively; 

Favorable currency exchange of 6 million; and 

M- 7 

Achieved cost savings during 2020 from restructuring programs initiated in 2020 and 2019, which represents a substantial portion of the 2020 decline from 2019. 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

change 

change 

Research and development expense 

50 

56 

58 

(6) 

(2) 

Research and development expense decreased 6 million in 2021 compared to 2020 as a result of achieved cost savings and other costs compared to the prior year. In 2020, the 2 million decrease compared to 2019 was primarily due to the overall company-wide cost reduction program. 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

change 

change 

Intangibles amortization expense 

90 

84 

85 

6 

(1) 

Amortization expense increased by 6 million in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to the amortization of intangible assets associated with the Sch lke acquisition. 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

change 

change 

Equity and other income 

9 

8 

4 

1 

4 

Other income's increase in 2021 and 2020 over 2019 was primarily related to a gain on sale of excess corporate property of roughly 4 million in 2021 and a liquidation gain of 3 million in 2020. 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

change 

change 

Goodwill impairment 

530 

(530) 

530 

Ashland recorded an impairment charge of 530 million in 2020. See Note H Goodwill and Other Intangibles for additional information. 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

change 

change 

Net interest and other expense (income) 

Interest expense 

69 

88 

114 

(19) 

(26) 

Interest income 

(1) 

(1) 

(2) 

1 

Loss on the accounts receivable sale program 

1 

1 

Loss on early retirement of debt 

16 

59 

(43) 

59 

Loss (income) from restricted investments 

(33) 

(30) 

(17) 

(3) 

(13) 

Other financing costs 

4 

3 

4 

1 

(1) 

56 

119 

99 

(63) 

20 

Net interest and other expense decreased by 63 million in 2021 compared to 2020. Interest expense decreased by 19 million due to lower average debt levels, lower cost of debt related to the debt restructuring activity during 2020 and lower accelerated debt issuance costs and original issuance discount costs of 7 million in 2021 compared to 2020. Ashland incurred 16 million of debt refinancing costs during 2021 compared to 59 million during 2020. See Note I for more information on the refinancing activity. The investment securities income of 33 million in 2021 compared to 30 million in 2020 represents investment income related to restricted investments discussed in Note F of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Net interest and other expense increased 20 million in 2020 compared to 2019. Interest expense decreased by 26 million due to lower average debt levels and lower cost of debt related to the debt restructuring activity during 2020. The decreases were partially offset by 8 million of accelerated debt issuance costs and original issuance discount costs in 2020. Ashland incurred 59 million of debt refinancing costs during 2020. See Note I for more information on the refinancing activity. The investment securities income of 30 million in 2020 compared to 17 million in 2019 represents investment income related to restricted investments discussed in Note F of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 M- 8 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

change 

change 

Other net periodic benefit income (expense) 

(1) 

3 

6 

(4) 

(3) 

Other net periodic benefit expense during 2021 primarily included interest cost of 8 million and a 1 million loss on pension and other postretirement plan remeasurements, offset by expected return on plan assets of 8 million. 
 Other net periodic benefit income during 2020 primarily included interest cost of 9 million, offset by expected return on plan assets of 11 million and a 1 million gain on pension and other postretirement plan remeasurements. 
 Other net periodic benefit income during 2019 primarily included a 10 million loss on pension and other postretirement plan remeasurements, offset by a curtailment gain of 18 million due to the settlement of a non-U.S. pension plan in 2019. Other net periodic benefit income during 2019 also included an 12 million charge for interest cost, partially offset by a 10 million expected return on plan assets. 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

change 

change 

Net income (loss) on acquisitions and divestitures 

11 

2 

(2) 

9 

4 

Net income (loss) on acquisitions and divestitures during 2021 primarily relates to a 3 million expense in transaction net costs associated with the personal care acquisition of Sch lke, including a gain of 1 million associated with foreign currency derivatives entered into to mitigate the foreign exchange exposure of the purchase price. In addition there was also a 14 million gain related to the sale of a Specialty Additives facility within the current period. 
 Net income (loss) on divestitures during 2020 primarily related to the sale of corporate assets and post-closing adjustments for certain divestitures. 
 Net income (loss) on divestitures during 2019 primarily included a loss of 2 million related to the impairment of an investment offset by a gain on sale of a manufacturing facility, along with post-closing adjustments related to other previous divestitures. 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

change 

change 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(38) 

(22) 

30 

(16) 

(52) 

Effective tax rate 

(28) 

(4) 

333 

The 2021 effective tax rate was impacted by jurisdictional income mix, as well as favorable discrete items of 59 million primarily related to the sale of a Specialty Additives facility and uncertain tax positions. 
 The 2020 effective tax rate was impacted by nondeductible goodwill impairment of 527 million as well as 15 million favorable tax discrete items primarily from the tax benefit related to the Swiss Tax Reform enacted in the first quarter. 
 The 2019 effective tax rate was impacted by jurisdictional income mix, restructuring activities, and the U.S. tax reform. 
 Adjusted income tax expense (benefit) 
 Key items are defined as the financial effects from significant transactions that may have caused short-term fluctuations in net income and/or operating income which Ashland believes do not accurately reflect Ashland s underlying business performance and trends. Tax specific key items are defined as the financial effects from tax specific financial transactions, tax law changes or other matters that fall within the definition of key items as previously described. The effective tax rate, excluding key items, which is a non-GAAP measure, has been prepared to illustrate the ongoing tax effects of Ashland s operations. Management believes investors and analysts use this financial measure in assessing Ashland's business performance and that presenting this non-GAAP measure on a consolidated basis assists investors in better understanding Ashland s ongoing business performance and enhancing their ability to compare period-to-period financial results. 
 M- 9 

The effective tax rates during 2021, 2020 and 2019 were significantly impacted by the following tax specific key items: 
 Deferred tax rate changes - Includes the impact from the remeasurement of Ashland s domestic deferred tax balances resulting from the enactment of the Tax Act as well as the impact from deferred rate changes for other jurisdictions; 

One-time transition tax - Includes the one-time transition tax resulting from the enactment of the Tax Act; 

Uncertain tax position - Includes the impact from the settlement of uncertain tax positions with various tax authorities; 

Restructuring and separation activity - Includes the impact from company-wide cost reduction programs; and 

Other tax reform - Includes the impact from other items related to the Tax Act and other tax law changes including Swiss Tax Reform. The Swiss Tax Reform benefit is an estimate based on ten-year income projections and is subject to approval by the Swiss tax authorities. Ashland will monitor this amount and make adjustments as appropriate in future periods. These adjustments also include the impact from the deductibility of compensation items and miscellaneous state tax items. 

The following table is a calculation of the effective tax rate, excluding the impact of these key items: 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

before income taxes 

135 

(577) 

(9) 

Key items (pre-tax) (a) 

56 

719 

121 

Adjusted income from continuing operations 

before income taxes 

191 

142 

112 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(38) 

(22) 

30 

Income tax rate adjustments: 

Tax effect of key items (b) 

11 

35 

16 

Tax specific key items: (c) 

Deferred tax rate changes 

(2) 

One-time transition tax 

(28) 

Uncertain tax positions 

53 

(3) 

6 

Restructuring and separation activity 

13 

(12) 

Other tax reform related activity 

(6) 

20 

1 

Total income tax rate adjustments 

71 

52 

(19) 

Adjusted income tax expense (benefit) 

33 

30 

11 

Effective tax rate, excluding key items (Non-GAAP) (d) 

17 

21 

10 

(a) See Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation table disclosed below in this Management, Discussion and Analysis for a summary of the key items, before tax. 

(b) The tax rate specific to the jurisdiction in which the key item originates is used to calculate the tax effect of key items. 

(c) For additional information on the effect that these tax specific key items had on EPS, see the Adjusted Diluted EPS table disclosed below in this Management Discussion and Analysis. 

(d) Due to rounding conventions, the effective tax rate presented may not recalculate precisely based on the numbers disclosed within this table. 

The following table provides a reconciliation of tax specific key items within the statutory federal income tax with the provision for income taxes summary disclosed in Note L of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Tax effect of key items computed at applicable statutory rate (a) 

11 

35 

16 

Tax reform 

25 

(30) 

Uncertain tax positions 

53 

(4) 

(9) 

Deemed inclusions, foreign dividends and other restructuring 

(4) 

Foreign tax credits 

Valuation allowance changes 

(8) 

1 

State taxes 

(3) 

Other items 

15 

6 

71 

52 

(19) 

(a) Includes impact of 527 million of non-deductible goodwill. 

M- 10 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

change 

change 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of taxes) 

Composites and Marl Facility 

4 

94 

(4) 

(90) 

Performance Adhesives 

64 

64 

63 

1 

Asbestos-related litigation 

(9) 

(18) 

9 

(18) 

Water Technologies 

(3) 

1 

(3) 

(1) 

Distribution 

(5) 

(8) 

14 

3 

(22) 

Valvoline 

3 

(24) 

27 

(24) 

Gain (loss) on disposal of discontinued operations 

Composites/Marl facility 

(4) 

29 

372 

(33) 

(343) 

Water Technologies 

1 

1 

47 

47 

544 

(497) 

As a result of the divestiture of the Composites segment (including the Maleic business) and Marl facility and the expected divestiture of the Performance Adhesives segment, the related operating results have been reflected as discontinued operations (net of tax) within the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). See Note C for more information on these transactions. In 2021, the sales and pre-tax income included in discontinued operations were 372 million and 83 million, respectively, for the Performance Adhesives segment. In 2020, the sales and pre-tax income included in discontinued operations were 310 million and 74 million for the Performance Adhesives segment, respectively, and 51 million and 9 million for the Composites segment (including the Maleic business) and Marl Facility, respectively. In 2019, the sales and pre-tax income included in discontinued operations were 345 million and 79 million for the Performance Adhesives segment, respectively, and 1,012 million and 118 million for the Composites segment (including the Maleic business) and Marl facility, respectively. In 2020, a 29 million gain on disposal was recorded in the fourth quarter associated with the September 30, 2020 closing of the sale of the Maleic business. In 2019, a 372 million gain on disposal was recorded in the fourth quarter associated with the August 30, 2019 closing of the sale of the Composites business (excluding the Maleic business) and the Marl facility with INEOS. 
 Asbestos-related activity during 2021, 2020 and 2019 included after-tax net adjustments to the asbestos reserves and receivables of 9 million of expense, 18 million of expense, and zero, respectively, including the adjustments for the annual update. 
 The activity for Water Technologies and Distribution during 2019 was related to post-closing adjustments. 
 The Valvoline activity within 2021 and 2020 primarily represents subsequent adjustments that were made in conjunction with the Tax Matters Agreement. 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 A comparative analysis of the components of other comprehensive income (loss) is provided below for the last three fiscal years ended September 30. 

2021 

2020 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

change 

change 

Other comprehensive income (loss) (net of taxes) 

Unrealized translation gain (loss) 

7 

27 

(80) 

(20) 

107 

Unrealized gain on commodity hedges 

4 

4 

Pension and postretirement obligation adjustment 

(5) 

5 

11 

27 

(85) 

(16) 

112 

M- 11 

Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, decreased 16 million in 2021 as compared to 2020 as a result of the following components. 
 In 2021, the change in unrealized gain (loss) from foreign currency translation adjustments resulted in a gain of 7 million, compared to a gain of 27 million during 2020. The fluctuations in unrealized translation gains and losses were primarily due to translating foreign subsidiary financial statements from local currencies to U.S. Dollars. 

In 2021, a 4 million unrealized gain on commodity hedges was recorded. See Note F for more information. 

Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, increased 112 million in 2020 as compared to 2019 as a result of the following components. 
 In 2020, the change in unrealized gain (loss) from foreign currency translation adjustments resulted in a gain of 27 million, compared to a loss of 80 million during 2019. The fluctuations in unrealized translation gains and losses were primarily due to translating foreign subsidiary financial statements from local currencies to U.S. Dollars. 

The pension and postretirement obligation adjustment was zero during 2020 compared to 5 million during 2019. The adjustments relate to amortization of unrecognized prior services credits for pension and other postretirement benefit plans, net of tax, and were reclassified into net income. 

Use of non-GAAP measures 
 Ashland has included within this document the following non-GAAP measures, on both a consolidated and reportable segment basis, which are not defined within U.S. GAAP and do not purport to be alternatives to net income or cash flows from operating activities as a measure of operating performance or cash flows: 
 EBITDA - net income (loss), plus income tax expense (benefit), net interest and other financing expenses, and depreciation and amortization. 

Adjusted EBITDA - EBITDA adjusted for discontinued operations, net gain (loss) on acquisitions and divestitures, other income and (expense) and key items (including the remeasurement gains and losses related to pension and other postretirement plans). 

Adjusted EBITDA margin - Adjusted EBITDA, which can include pro forma adjustments, divided by sales. 

Adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) - income (loss) from continuing operations, adjusted for key items, net of tax, divided by the average outstanding diluted shares for the applicable period. 

Adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) excluding intangibles amortization expense Adjusted earnings per share adjusted for intangibles amortization expense net of tax, divided by the average outstanding diluted shares for the applicable period. 

Free cash flow - operating cash flows less capital expenditures and certain other adjustments as applicable. 

Management believes the use of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA measures on a consolidated and reportable segment basis assists investors in understanding the ongoing operating performance by presenting comparable financial results between periods. Ashland believes that by removing the impact of depreciation and amortization and excluding certain non-cash charges, amounts spent on interest and taxes and certain other charges that are highly variable from year to year, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide Ashland s investors with performance measures that reflect the impact to operations from trends in changes in sales, margin and operating expenses, providing a perspective not immediately apparent from net income and operating income. The adjustments Ashland makes to derive the non-GAAP measures of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA exclude items which may cause short-term fluctuations in net income and operating income and which Ashland does not consider to be the fundamental attributes or primary drivers of its business. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide disclosure on the same basis as that used by Ashland s management to evaluate financial performance on a consolidated and reportable segment basis and provide consistency in our financial reporting, facilitate internal and external comparisons of Ashland s historical operating performance and its business units and provide continuity to investors for comparability purposes. 
 M- 12 

The Adjusted diluted EPS metric enables Ashland to demonstrate what effect key items have on an earnings per diluted share basis by taking income (loss) from continuing operations, adjusted for key items after tax that have been identified in the Adjusted EBITDA table, and dividing by the average outstanding diluted shares for the applicable period. Ashland s management believes this presentation is helpful to illustrate how the key items have impacted this metric during the applicable period. 
 The Adjusted diluted EPS, excluding intangibles amortization expense metric enables Ashland to demonstrate the impact of non-cash intangibles amortization expense on EPS, in addition to the key items previously mentioned. Ashland s management believes this presentation is helpful to illustrate how previous acquisitions impact applicable period results. 
 The free cash flow metric enables Ashland to provide a better indication of the ongoing cash being generated that is ultimately available for both debt and equity holders as well as other investment opportunities. Unlike cash flow provided by operating activities, free cash flow includes the impact of capital expenditures from continuing operations, providing a more complete picture of cash generation. Free cash flow has certain limitations, including that it does not reflect adjustment for certain non-discretionary cash flows such as mandatory debt repayments. The amount of mandatory versus discretionary expenditures can vary significantly between periods. 
 Although Ashland may provide forward-looking guidance for Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted diluted EPS and free cash flow, Ashland is not reaffirming or providing forward-looking guidance for U.S. GAAP-reported financial measures or a reconciliation of forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure because it is unable to predict with reasonable certainty the ultimate outcome of certain significant items that affect these metrics such as domestic and international economic, political, legislative, regulatory and legal actions. In addition, certain economic conditions, such as recessionary trends, inflation, interest and monetary exchange rates, government fiscal policies and changes in the prices of certain key raw materials, can have a significant effect on operations and are difficult to predict with certainty. 
 These non-GAAP measures should be considered supplemental in nature and should not be construed as more significant than comparable measures defined by U.S. GAAP. Limitations associated with the use of these non-GAAP measures include that these measures do not present all of the amounts associated with our results as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The non-GAAP measures provided are used by Ashland management and may not be determined in a manner consistent with the methodologies used by other companies. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide a supplemental presentation of Ashland s operating performance on a consolidated and reportable segment basis. Adjusted EBITDA generally includes adjustments for items that impact comparability between periods. In addition, certain financial covenants related to Ashland s 2020 Credit Agreement are based on similar non-GAAP measures and are defined further in the sections that reference this metric. 
 In accordance with U.S. GAAP, Ashland recognizes actuarial gains and losses for defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for a remeasurement during a fiscal year. Actuarial gains and losses occur when actual experience differs from the estimates used to allocate the change in value of pension and other postretirement benefit plans to expense throughout the year or when assumptions change, as they may each year. Significant factors that can contribute to the recognition of actuarial gains and losses include changes in discount rates used to remeasure pension and other postretirement obligations on an annual basis or upon a qualifying remeasurement, differences between actual and expected returns on plan assets and other changes in actuarial assumptions, for example, the life expectancy of plan participants. Management believes Adjusted EBITDA, which includes the expected return on pension plan assets yet excludes both the actual return on pension plan assets and the impact of actuarial gains and losses, provides investors with a meaningful supplemental presentation of Ashland s operating performance (see the Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation table for additional details on exact amounts included within this non-GAAP measure related to pension and other postretirement plans). Management believes these actuarial gains and losses are primarily financing activities that are more reflective of changes in current conditions in global financial markets (and in particular interest rates) that are not directly related to the underlying business. For further information on the actuarial assumptions and plan assets referenced above, see Note M of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 M- 13 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 EBITDA totaled income of 482 million, a loss of 176 million and income of 872 million for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA results in the following table have been prepared to illustrate the ongoing effects of Ashland s operations, which exclude certain key items previously described. Management believes the use of such non-GAAP measures on a consolidated and reportable segment basis assists investors in understanding the ongoing operating performance by presenting the financial results between periods on a more comparable basis. 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Net income (loss) 

220 

(508) 

505 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(38) 

(22) 

30 

Net interest and other financing expense 

56 

119 

99 

Depreciation and amortization (a) 

244 

235 

238 

EBITDA 

482 

(176) 

872 

(Income) loss from discontinued operations (net of taxes) 

(47) 

(47) 

(544) 

Key items included in EBITDA: 

Goodwill impairment 

530 

Restructuring, separation and other costs (b) 

10 

58 

51 

Environmental reserve adjustments 

43 

34 

25 

Inventory adjustments 

4 

51 

Accelerated depreciation 

39 

Proxy costs 

4 

Asset impairments 

13 

Tax indemnity expense 

6 

Unplanned plant shutdowns 

2 

Net loss (gain) on acquisitions and divestitures (c) 

(11) 

3 

Loss (gain) on pension and other postretirement plan remeasurements 

1 

(1) 

(8) 

Total key items included in EBITDA 

60 

672 

122 

Adjusted EBITDA (d) 

495 

449 

450 

Total key items included in EBITDA 

60 

672 

122 

Accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs 

1 

8 

Debt refinancing costs (e) 

16 

59 

6 

Unrealized gain on securities (f) 

(21) 

(20) 

(7) 

Total key items, before tax 

56 

719 

121 

(a) Excludes 39 million of accelerated depreciation during 2019. 

(b) Includes impairments of 8 million during 2019. 

(c) Excludes income of zero, 2 million and 1 million during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, related to ongoing adjustments of previous divestiture transactions. 

(d) Includes 6 million, 4 million and 9 million during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, of net periodic pension and other postretirement costs (income) recognized ratably through the fiscal year. These costs (income) are comprised of service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, and amortization of prior service credit and are disclosed in further detail in Note M of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(e) Debt refinancing costs during 2021 included a 16 million loss on early retirement of debt and a 1 million charge for accelerated debt issuance costs. Debt refinancing costs during 2020 included 59 million loss on early retirement of debt. Debt refinancing costs during 2019 included a 6 million debt issuance costs amortization charge for the early repayment of term loans A and B. All debt refinancing costs were recorded within the net interest and other financing 

M- 14 

expense caption on the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). See Note I of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 

(f) Due to the adoption of new accounting guidance in 2019, the unrealized (gains) losses on certain investment securities directly impact earnings and are recorded within the net interest and other expense caption on the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). See Note A of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 

Diluted EPS and Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 The following table reflects the U.S. GAAP calculation for the income (loss) from continuing operations adjusted for the cumulative diluted EPS effect for key items after tax that have been identified in the Adjusted EBITDA table in the previous section. Key items are defined as the financial effects from significant transactions that may have caused short-term fluctuations in net income and/or operating income which Ashland believes do not accurately reflect Ashland s underlying business performance and trends. The Adjusted Diluted EPS for the income (loss) from continuing operations and Adjusted Diluted EPS from continuing operations excluding intangibles amortization expense in the following table have been prepared to illustrate these ongoing effects on Ashland s operations. Management believes investors and analysts use this financial measure in assessing Ashland's business performance and that presenting this non-GAAP measure on a consolidated basis assists investors in better understanding Ashland s ongoing business performance and enhancing their ability to compare period-to-period financial results. 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Diluted EPS from continuing operations (as reported) 

2.82 

(9.16) 

(0.62) 

Key items, before tax: 

Goodwill impairment 

8.75 

Restructuring, separation and other costs (including accelerated depreciation) 

0.16 

0.95 

1.42 

Environmental reserve adjustments 

0.70 

0.58 

0.41 

Inventory adjustments 

0.07 

0.83 

Proxy costs 

0.07 

Asset impairments 

0.21 

Tax indemnity expense 

0.10 

Unplanned plant shutdowns 

0.03 

Net loss (gain) on acquisitions and divestitures 

(0.18) 

0.05 

Loss (gain) on pension and other postretirement plan remeasurements 

0.02 

(0.01) 

(0.12) 

Unrealized gain on securities 

(0.34) 

(0.33) 

(0.11) 

Accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs 

0.02 

0.13 

Debt refinancing costs 

0.26 

0.97 

0.09 

Key items, before tax 

0.92 

11.87 

1.94 

Tax effect of key items (a) 

(0.18) 

(0.58) 

(0.25) 

Key items, after tax 

0.74 

11.29 

1.69 

Tax specific key items: 

Deferred tax rate changes 

0.03 

One-time transition tax 

0.44 

Uncertain tax positions 

(0.87) 

0.05 

(0.09) 

Restructuring and separation activity 

(0.21) 

0.19 

Other tax reform related activity 

0.10 

(0.33) 

(0.02) 

Tax specific key items (b) 

(0.98) 

(0.28) 

0.55 

Total key items 

(0.24) 

11.01 

2.24 

Adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations (non-GAAP) 

2.58 

1.85 

1.62 

Amortization expense adjustment (net of tax) (c) 

1.17 

1.08 

1.04 

Adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations (non-GAAP) excluding intangibles amortization expense 

3.75 

2.93 

2.66 

(a) Represents the diluted EPS impact from the tax effect of the key items that are previously identified above. 

(b) Represents the diluted EPS impact from tax specific financial transactions, tax law changes or other matters that fall within the definition of tax specific key items. For additional explanation of these tax specific key items, see the income tax expense (benefit) discussion within the following caption review section. 

(c) Amortization expense adjustment (net of tax) tax rates were 20.0 , 21.0 and 23.0 for the years ended 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

M- 15 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS REPORTABLE SEGMENT REVIEW 
 On August 31, 2021, Ashland announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to sell substantially all of the assets and liabilities of its Performance Adhesives segment in a transaction valued at 1.65 billion. The transaction is expected to close prior to the end of the March 2022 quarter, contingent on certain customary regulatory approvals, standard conditions and completion of required employee information and consultation processes. Since this transaction represents a strategic shift in Ashland s business and had a major effect on Ashland s operations and financial results, the operating results and cash flows related to Performance Adhesives have been reflected as discontinued operations in the statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. See Note C of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. Certain indirect corporate costs included within the selling, general and administrative expense caption of the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) that were previously allocated to the Performance Adhesives segment do not qualify for classification within discontinued operations and are now reported as selling, general and administrative expense within continuing operations on a consolidated basis and within the Unallocated and other segment. As a result, Ashland's reportable segments include Life Sciences, Personal Care Household, Specialty Additives, and Intermediates and Solvents. Unallocated and Other includes corporate governance activities and certain legacy matters. The historical segment information has been recast to conform to the current segment structure. 
 Results of Ashland s reportable segments are presented based on its management and internal accounting structure. The structure is specific to Ashland; therefore, the financial results of Ashland s reportable segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information for other companies. Ashland allocates all significant costs to its reportable segments except for certain significant company-wide restructuring activities, certain corporate governance costs and other costs or activities that relate to former businesses that Ashland no longer operates. The service cost component of pension and other postretirement benefits costs is allocated to each reportable segment on a ratable basis; while the remaining components of pension and other postretirement benefits costs are recorded within the other net periodic benefit income caption on the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). Ashland refines its expense allocation methodologies to the reportable segments from time to time as internal accounting practices are improved, more refined information becomes available and the industry or market changes. Significant revisions to Ashland s methodologies are adjusted for all segments on a retrospective basis. This includes charges in the current fiscal year for indirect corporate costs previously allocated to Performance Adhesives. These costs are now reflected in Unallocated and Other for all periods presented. 
 
 M- 16 

The following table shows sales, operating income, depreciation and amortization and EBITDA by reportable segment for each of the last three years ended September 30. 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Sales 

Life Sciences 

737 

708 

732 

Personal Care Household 

592 

615 

651 

Specialty Additives 

655 

589 

654 

Intermediates and Solvents 

178 

129 

160 

Intersegment sales (a) 

(51) 

(25) 

(49) 

2,111 

2,016 

2,148 

Operating income (loss) 

Life Sciences 

130 

123 

114 

Personal Care Household (b) 

73 

(296) 

85 

Specialty Additives (b) 

61 

(132) 

18 

Intermediates and Solvents 

35 

(10) 

28 

Unallocated and Other 

(118) 

(148) 

(159) 

181 

(463) 

86 

Depreciation expense 

Life Sciences 

36 

33 

33 

Personal Care Household 

39 

41 

42 

Specialty Additives 

66 

62 

98 

Intermediates and Solvents 

12 

13 

10 

Unallocated and Other 

1 

2 

5 

154 

151 

188 

Amortization expense (c) 

Life Sciences 

28 

27 

28 

Personal Care Household 

42 

36 

37 

Specialty Additives 

19 

19 

21 

Intermediates and Solvents 

1 

1 

3 

Unallocated and Other 

1 

90 

84 

89 

EBITDA (d) (e) 

Life Sciences 

194 

183 

175 

Personal Care Household 

154 

(219) 

164 

Specialty Additives 

146 

(51) 

137 

Intermediates and Solvents 

48 

4 

41 

Unallocated and Other 

(117) 

(145) 

(154) 

425 

(228) 

363 

(a) Intersegment sales from Intermediates and Solvents are accounted for at prices that approximate fair value. All other intersegment sales are accounted for at cost. 
 (b) Includes a fixed asset impairment of 3 million related to Personal Care Household and a capital project impairment of 10 million related to Specialty Additives for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 (c) Includes amortization of 4 million for the year ended September 30, 2019 related to land-use-rights associated with other non-current assets. 
 (d) Excludes income (loss) from discontinued operations, other net periodic benefit income (expense) and net income (loss) on divestitures. See the 
 Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) for applicable amounts excluded. 
 (e) Includes 39 million of accelerated depreciation for the year ended September 30, 2019. 
 M- 17 

Life Sciences 
 Life Sciences is comprised of pharmaceuticals, nutrition, nutraceuticals, agricultural chemicals, advanced materials and fine chemicals. Pharmaceutical solutions include controlled release polymers, disintegrants, tablet coating, thickeners, solubilizers, and tablet binders. Nutrition solutions include thickeners, stabilizers, emulsifiers and additives for enhancing mouthfeel, controlling moisture migration, reducing oil uptake and binding structured foods. Nutraceutical solutions include products for weight management, joint comfort, stomach and intestinal health, sports nutrition and general wellness. The nutraceutical business also provide custom formulation, toll processing and particle engineering solutions. Customers include pharmaceutical, food, beverage, nutraceuticals and supplements manufacturers, hospitals and radiologists and industrial manufacturers. 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 Life Sciences' sales for the current year increased 29 million to 737 million compared to 2020. Favorable currency exchange, favorable volume and favorable pricing increased sales by 14 million, 11 million and 4 million, respectively. 
 Operating income increased 7 million to 130 million compared to 2020. Favorable foreign currency exchange and higher volume increased operating income 12 million and 3 million, respectively, offset by unfavorable pricing and higher production costs, and environmental reserve adjustments of 14 million, 4 million, and 1 million, respectively. Additionally, there were 11 million of inventory control costs in 2020. 
 EBITDA for the current year increased 11 million to 194 million compared to 2020. Adjusted EBITDA was flat year over year, while adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 1.0 percentage points in the current period to 26.5 . 
 2020 compared to 2019 
 Life Sciences' sales for 2020 decreased 24 million to 708 million compared to 2019. Plant restructuring, unfavorable foreign currency exchange, lower volume and lower pricing reduced sales by 9 million, 6 million, 5 million and 4 million, respectively. 
 Operating income for 2020 increased 9 million to 123 million compared to 2019. Favorable price/mix and lower production costs contributed increases of 19 million and 3 million, respectively, partially offset by inventory control costs and lower volume of 11 million and 2 million, respectively. 
 EBITDA for 2020 increased 8 million to 183 million compared to 2019. Adjusted EBITDA increased 20 million to 195 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin increased 3.6 percentage points in 2020 to 27.5 . 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation 
 The EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA amounts presented within this business section are provided as a means to enhance the understanding of financial measurements that Ashland has internally determined to be relevant measures of comparison for each segment. Each of these non-GAAP measures is defined as follows: EBITDA (operating income plus depreciation and amortization), Adjusted EBITDA (EBITDA adjusted for key items, which may include pro forma effects for significant acquisitions or divestitures, as applicable), and Adjusted EBITDA margin (Adjusted EBITDA, which may include pro forma adjustments, divided by sales or sales adjusted for pro forma results). Ashland does not allocate items to each reportable segment below operating income, such as interest expense and income taxes. As a result, reportable segment EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are reconciled directly to operating income since it is the most directly comparable Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) caption. 
 The following EBITDA presentation for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, is provided as a means to enhance the understanding of financial measurements that Ashland has internally determined to be relevant measures of comparison for the results of Life Sciences. 
 The key items during year ended September 30, 2021 related to environmental reserve adjustments of 1 million. 
 The key items during year ended September 30, 2020 related to inventory control measures of 11 million and restructuring costs of 1 million. 
 M- 18 

Life Sciences 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Operating income 

130 

123 

114 

Depreciation and amortization 

64 

60 

61 

EBITDA 

194 

183 

175 

Restructuring and other costs 

1 

Environmental reserve adjustments 

1 

Inventory control measures 

11 

Adjusted EBITDA 

195 

195 

175 

Personal Care Household 
 Personal Care Household is comprised of biofunctionals, preservatives, skin care, sun care, oral care, hair care and household. These businesses have a broad range of nature-based, biodegradable, and performance ingredients for customer driven solutions to help protect, renew, moisturize and revitalize skin and hair, and provide solutions for toothpastes, mouth washes and rinses, denture cleaning and care for teeth. Household supplies nature-derived rheology ingredients, biodegradable surface wetting agents, performance encapsulates, and specialty polymers for household, industrial and institutional cleaning products. Customers include formulators at large multinational branded consumer products companies and smaller, independent boutique companies. 
 On April 30, 2021, Ashland completed the 312 million acquisition of the personal care business from Sch lke. The completion of the acquisition is expected to strengthen the profitable growth of the personal care and household segment, enhance the specialty ingredients solutions and expand the biotechnology and microbiology technical competencies. 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 Personal Care Household's sales for the current year decreased 23 million to 592 million compared to 2020. Unfavorable volume and product pricing decreased sales by 64 million and 3 million, respectively. These decreases were partially offset by the Sch lke acquisition and foreign currency, which increased sales by 32 million and 12 million, respectively. 
 Operating income/loss for the current year increased 369 million to income of 73 million compared to 2020. Favorable foreign currency exchange, lower costs, a prior year goodwill impairment and prior year inventory control costs increased operating income by 6 million, 37 million, 356 million and 13 million, respectively. These increases were partially offset by an inventory adjustment related to the Sch lke acquisition, lower volume, unfavorable price/mix, a plant restructuring related impairment charge, and storm related unplanned plant shutdown costs which decreased operating income by 4 million, 23 million, 2 million, 3 million, and 11 million, respectively. 
 EBITDA for the current year increased 373 million to income of 154 million compared to 2020. Adjusted EBITDA increased 11 million to 161 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin increased 2.8 percentage points in the current period to 27.2 . 
 2020 compared to 2019 
 Personal Care Household's sales for 2020 decreased 36 million to 615 million compared to 2019. Lower volume, unfavorable currency exchange, plant restructuring and lower pricing decreased sales by 27 million, 2 million, 2 million and 5 million, respectively. During 2020, sales volumes were impacted by economic circumstances brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Operating income/loss for 2020 decreased 381 million to a loss of 296 million compared to 2019. Goodwill impairments, unfavorable costs, inventory control measures and lower volume decreased operating income by 356 million, 19 million, 13 million and 8 million, respectively. Those decreases were partially offset by favorable price/mix which increased operating income/loss by 15 million. 
 EBITDA for 2020 decreased 383 million to a loss of 219 million compared to 2019, while Adjusted EBITDA decreased 14 million to income of 150 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 0.8 percentage point in 2020 to 24.4 . 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation 
 M- 19 

The following EBITDA presentation for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, is provided as a means to enhance the understanding of financial measurements that Ashland has internally determined to be relevant measures of comparison for the results of Personal Care Household. 
 The key items during year ended September 30, 2021 related to inventory adjustments of 4 million and an asset impairment of 3 million. 
 The key items during year ended September 30, 2020 related to a goodwill impairment of 356 million and 13 million in inventory control measures. 

Personal Care Household 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Operating income 

73 

(296) 

85 

Depreciation and amortization 

81 

77 

79 

EBITDA 

154 

(219) 

164 

Inventory adjustment 

4 

Asset impairment 

3 

Goodwill impairment 

356 

Inventory control measures 

13 

Adjusted EBITDA 

161 

150 

164 

Specialty Additives 
 Specialty Additives is comprised of rheology- and performance-enhancing additives serving the coatings, construction, energy, automotive and various industrial markets. Solutions include coatings additives for architectural paints, finishes and lacquers, cement- and gypsum- based dry mortars, ready-mixed joint compounds, synthetic plasters for commercial and residential construction, and specialty materials for industrial applications. Products include rheology modifiers (cellulosic and associative thickeners), foam control agents, surfactants and wetting agents, pH neutralizers, advanced ceramics used in catalytic converters, and environmental filters, ingredients that aid the manufacturing process of ceramic capacitors, plasma display panels and solar cells, ingredients for textile printing, thermoplastic metals and alloys for welding. Products help improve desired functional outcomes through rheology modification and control, water retention, workability, adhesive strength, binding power, film formation, deposition and suspension and emulsification. Customers include global paint manufacturers, electronics and automotive manufacturers, textile mills, the construction industry, and welders. 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 Specialty Additives sales for the current year increased 66 million to 655 million compared to 2020. Higher volume, favorable currency exchange, and product pricing increased sales by 44 million, 19 million, and 3 million, respectively. 
 Operating income/loss for the current year increased 193 million to 61 million compared to 2020. Higher volume, favorable price/mix, foreign currency exchange, a prior year goodwill impairment charge and prior year inventory control costs increased operating income by 12 million, 14 million, 2 million, 174 million and 18 million, respectively. Those improvements were partially offset by higher production costs and a capital project impairment of 17 million and 10 million, respectively. 
 EBITDA for the current year increased 197 to 146 million compared to 2020, Adjusted EBITDA increased 15 million to 158 million and Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 0.2 percentage points in 2021 to 24.1 . 
 2020 compared to 2019 
 Specialty Additives sales for 2020 decreased 65 million to 589 million compared to 2019. Lower volume, due primarily to lower industrial demand reflecting the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, unfavorable currency exchange, plant restructuring and lower pricing decreased sales by 52 million, 2 million, 6 million and 5 million, respectively. 
 M- 20 

Operating income/loss for 2020 year decreased 150 million to a loss of 132 million compared to 2019. Goodwill impairment, inventory control measures, lower volume and increased production costs decreased operating income by 174 million, 18 million, 15 million and 4 million, respectively. Those decreases were partially offset by 2019 plant restructuring/shutdown costs and favorable price/mix of 50 million and 11 million, respectively. 
 EBITDA for 2020 decreased 150 to a loss of 51 million compared to 2019, while Adjusted EBITDA decreased 7 million to 143 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin increased 1.4 percentage points in 2020 to 24.3 . 
 EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA reconciliation 
 The following EBITDA presentation (as defined and described in the section above) for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 below is provided as a means to enhance the understanding of financial measurements that Ashland has internally determined to be relevant measures of comparison for the results of Specialty Additives. 
 The key items during 2021 included 10 million and 2 million related to a capital project impairment and environmental reserve adjustments within Specialty Additives, respectively. 
 The key items during 2020 included 174 million related to Goodwill impairment, 18 million for inventory control measures and 2 million of environmental reserve adjustments. 
 The key items during 2019 included 38 million of accelerated depreciation related to a planned facility closure, 10 million of costs related to restructuring activity at certain manufacturing plants, 2 million for an unplanned plant shutdown and 1 million of environmental reserve adjustments for Specialty Additives. 

Specialty Additives 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Operating income 

61 

(132) 

18 

Depreciation and amortization (a) 

85 

81 

81 

EBITDA 

146 

(51) 

99 

Restructuring and other costs 

10 

Goodwill impairment 

174 

Asset impairment 

10 

Inventory control measures 

18 

Accelerated depreciation 

38 

Environmental reserve adjustments 

2 

2 

1 

Unplanned plant shutdown 

2 

Adjusted EBITDA 

158 

143 

150 

(a) Depreciation and amortization excludes accelerated depreciation of 38 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. 

Intermediates and Solvents 
 Intermediates and Solvents is comprised of the production of 1,4 butanediol (BDO) and related derivatives, including n-methylpyrrolidone. These products are used as chemical intermediates in the production of engineering polymers and polyurethanes, and as specialty process solvents in a wide array of applications including electronics, pharmaceuticals, water filtration membranes and more. BDO is also supplied to Life Sciences, Personal Care, and Specialty Additives for use as a raw material. 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 Intermediates and Solvents sales for 2021 increased 49 million to 178 million compared to 2020 primarily due to higher product pricing, higher volume, and favorable foreign exchange increasing sales 31 million, 17 million, and 1 million, respectively. 
 Operating income/loss for 2021 increased 45 million to income of 35 million compared to 2020. Pricing/mix, lower production costs, prior year inventory adjustments, and favorable foreign exchange increased operating income by 28 million, 9 million, 9 million, and 1 million, respectively. This increase was partially offset by unfavorable volume which decreased operating income by 2 million. 
 M- 21 

EBITDA for 2021 increased 44 million to 48 million compared to 2020, while Adjusted EBITDA increased 35 million to 48 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin increased 16.9 percentage points in 2021 to 27.0 . 
 2020 compared to 2019 
 Intermediates and Solvents sales for 2020 decreased 31 million to 129 million compared to 2019. Lower volume, due primarily to lower industrial demand reflecting the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and lower pricing decreased sales by 19 million and 12 million, respectively. 
 Operating income/loss for 2020 decreased 38 million to a loss of 10 million compared to 2019. Inventory control measures, lower volume and unfavorable costs decreased operating income by 9 million, 10 million and 19 million, respectively. 
 EBITDA for 2020 decreased 37 million to 4 million compared to 2019, while Adjusted EBITDA decreased 28 million to 13 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 15.5 percentage points in 2020 to 10.1 . 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation 
 The following EBITDA presentation (as defined and described in the section above) for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 is provided as a means to enhance the understanding of financial measurements that Ashland has internally determined to be relevant measures of comparison for the results of Intermediates and Solvents. 
 Key items for 2020 included inventory control measures of 9 million. There were no unusual or key items that affected comparability for EBITDA during 2021 or 2019. 

Intermediates Solvents 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Operating income 

35 

(10) 

28 

Depreciation and amortization 

13 

14 

13 

EBITDA 

48 

4 

41 

Inventory control measures 

9 

Adjusted EBITDA 

48 

13 

41 

Unallocated and other 
 The following table summarizes the key components of the Unallocated and other segment s operating income (loss) for each of the last three years ended September 30. 

Unallocated and Other 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Restructuring activities 

(25) 

(78) 

(108) 

Environmental expenses 

(40) 

(33) 

(25) 

Legal settlement/reserve 

(2) 

Tax indemnity expense 

(6) 

Proxy costs 

(4) 

Other expenses (primarily governance and legacy expenses) 

(53) 

(35) 

(16) 

Total expense 

(118) 

(148) 

(159) 

Unallocated and other recorded expense of 118 million, 148 million and 159 million for 2021, 2020 and 2019 respectively. The charges for restructuring activities of 25 million, 78 million and 108 million during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, were primarily comprised of the following items: 
 10 million, 58 million and 42 million of severance, lease abandonment and other restructuring costs related to company-wide cost reduction programs during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively; 

4 million of impairment related to the planned sale of an office building during 2019; 

15 million, 20 million and 62 million of stranded divestiture costs during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively; 

M- 22 

The remaining items included: 40 million for environmental expenses in 2021, 33 million for environmental expenses and 2 million for legal settlement reserves in 2020, and 25 million for environmental expenses, 6 million for tax indemnity costs and 4 million in proxy defense costs in 2019. 
 Other expenses between periods were driven by changes in governance and legacy expenses associated with foreign currency, deferred compensation, stock compensation and incentive compensation. 
 FINANCIAL POSITION 
 Liquidity 
 Ashland had 210 million in cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2021, of which 183 million was held by foreign subsidiaries and had no significant limitations that would prohibit remitting the funds to satisfy corporate obligations. In certain circumstances, if such amounts were repatriated to the United States, additional taxes might need to be accrued and paid depending on the source of the earnings remitted. Ashland currently has no plans to repatriate any amounts for which additional taxes would need to be accrued. However, due to the Tax Act enacted in 2018, Ashland may reassess this position as it pertains to future earnings. 
 Ashland has taken actions and may continue to take actions intended to increase its cash position and preserve financial flexibility in light of current uncertainty in global markets. On March 17, 2021, Ashland terminated its U.S. accounts receivable securitization facility and entered into an agreement with a group of entities to sell certain trade receivables, without recourse, of two U.S. based Ashland subsidiaries. Under the agreement, Ashland can transfer whole receivables up to a limit established by the buyer. As of September 30, 2021, Ashland has sold 113 million of receivables under this agreement against the buyers limit, which was at 125 million at September 30, 2021. During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2021, Ashland issued new 3.375 Notes in the amount of 450 million, which will mature in 2031, and used part of the proceeds to retire its 4.75 Senior notes, which were due to mature in 2022 for 427 million, including 16 million of premiums paid to the holders of the bond. In January 2020, Ashland renewed and extended its Revolving Credit Agreement through 2025 and issued new 2.00 senior notes in Europe for 500 million which mature in 2028. During the fiscal 2021, Ashland elected to access 225 million on its Revolving Credit Facility, to partially fund an accelerated share repurchase. As of September 30, 2021, Ashland has total remaining borrowing capacity of 356 million available under the Revolving Credit Facility and foreign Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility. Ashland also had an additional 12 million available liquidity under the U.S. Accounts Receivable Sales Program as of September 30, 2021. Ashland has no significant maturities related to our term loans, revolving credit facilities or bonds until fiscal 2025. See Note I for more information. 
 Ashland believes that cash flow from operations, availability under existing credit facilities and arrangements, current cash and investment balances and the ability to obtain other financing, if necessary, will provide adequate cash funds for Ashland s foreseeable working capital needs, capital expenditures at existing facilities, dividend payments and debt service obligations. Ashland s cash requirements are subject to change as business conditions warrant and opportunities arise. The timing and size of any new business ventures or acquisitions that the Company may complete may also impact its cash requirements. For information regarding the impact of COVID-19 on the Company, including its liquidity and capital resources, please see Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report. 
 Ashland s cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows, are summarized as follows. 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Cash provided (used) by: 

Operating activities from continuing operations 

466 

227 

140 

Investing activities from continuing operations 

(367) 

(85) 

(111) 

Financing activities from continuing operations 

(426) 

9 

(1,149) 

Discontinued operations 

80 

69 

1,061 

Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

3 

2 

(3) 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

(244) 

222 

(62) 

M- 23 

Ashland paid income taxes of 1 million during 2021 compared to 91 million in 2020 and 67 million in 2019. Cash receipts for interest income were 1 million in 2021, 1 million in 2020 and 3 million in 2019, while cash payments for interest expense amounted to 62 million in 2021, 77 million in 2020 and 124 million in 2019. 
 Operating activities 
 The following discloses the cash flows associated with Ashland s operating activities for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Cash flows provided (used) by operating activities from continuing operations 

Net income (loss) 

220 

(508) 

505 

Income from discontinued operations (net of tax) 

(47) 

(47) 

(544) 

Adjustments to reconcile income from continuing operations to cash flows from operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

244 

235 

277 

Original issue discount and debt issuance cost amortization 

7 

15 

13 

Deferred income taxes 

(26) 

(42) 

18 

Distributions from equity affiliates 

1 

1 

Gain from sales of property and equipment 

(4) 

Stock based compensation expense - Note P 

15 

14 

21 

Excess tax benefits on stock based compensation 

2 

1 

11 

Loss on early retirement of debt 

16 

59 

Income from restricted investments 

(33) 

(30) 

(17) 

Income on acquisitions and divestitures - Notes B and C 

(15) 

(3) 

Impairments 

13 

530 

8 

Pension contributions 

(8) 

(6) 

(5) 

Gain on pension and other postretirement plan remeasurements 

1 

(1) 

(8) 

Change in operating assets and liabilities (a) 

80 

9 

(139) 

Total cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations 

466 

227 

140 

(a)	Excludes changes resulting from operations acquired or sold. 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations, a major source of Ashland s liquidity, amounted to 466 million in 2021, 227 million in 2020 and 140 million in 2019. 
 Operating Activities - Operating Assets and Liabilities 
 The cash results during each year were primarily driven by net income, excluding discontinued operation results, adjusted for certain non-cash items including depreciation and amortization (including debt issuance cost amortization), losses on acquisitions and divestitures as well as changes in working capital, which are fluctuations within accounts receivable, inventory, trade payables and accrued expenses. Ashland continues to emphasize working capital management as a high priority and focus. 
 The following details certain changes in key operating assets and liabilities for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Cash flows from assets and liabilities (a) 

Accounts receivable 

72 

2 

37 

Inventories 

41 

64 

(6) 

Trade and other payables 

3 

(46) 

(70) 

Other assets and liabilities 

(36) 

(11) 

(100) 

Change in operating assets and liabilities 

80 

9 

(139) 

(a)	Excludes changes resulting from operations acquired or sold. 
 M- 24 

Changes in net working capital accounted for inflows of 116 million in 2021, compared to inflows of 20 million in 2020 and outflows of 39 million in 2019, and were driven by the following: 
 Accounts receivable Changes in accounts receivable resulted in inflows of 72 million, 2 million, and 37 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and were primarily related 92 million of inflows from the U.S. Accounts Receivable Sales Program and to sales volumes in each period. 

Inventory Changes in inventory resulted in cash inflows of 41 million and 64 million in 2021 and 2020 compared to cash outflows of 6 million in 2019 and were primarily driven by inventory management activities, including significant plant shut-downs in the fourth quarter of 2020. 

Trade and other payables Changes in trade and other payables resulted in cash inflows of 3 million in 2021, and cash outflows of 46 million and 70 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively, and primarily related to the timing of certain payments. 

The remaining cash outflows of 36 million, 11 million and 100 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, were primarily due to income taxes paid or income tax refunds, interest paid, and adjustments to certain accruals and other long-term assets and liabilities such as payments associated with environmental remediation. 
 Operating Activities - Summary 
 Operating cash flows for 2021 included income from continuing operations of 173 million and non-cash adjustments of 244 million for depreciation and amortization, 15 million for stock-based compensation expense, 16 million for losses on early retirement of debt, 33 million of income from restricted investments, 15 million of income on acquisitions and divestitures and 13 million for impairment charges. 
 Operating cash flows for 2020 included loss from continuing operations of 555 million and non-cash adjustments of 530 million for a goodwill impairment charge, 235 million for depreciation and amortization, 59 million loss on early retirement of debt, 15 million original issue discounts and debt issuance cost amortization and 42 million for deferred income taxes. Operating cash flows for 2020 also included non-cash adjustments of 14 million related for stock-based compensation expense and 30 million income from restricted investments. 
 Operating cash flows for 2019 included loss from continuing operations of 39 million and non-cash adjustments of 277 million for depreciation and amortization and 18 million for deferred income taxes. The adjustment for deferred income taxes during 2019 included the final adjustment related to the enactment of the Tax Act during 2018. Operating cash flows for 2019 also included non-cash adjustments of 21 million for stock-based compensation, 8 million related to asset impairment charges, 8 million of net gains on pension and other postretirement plan remeasurements, 13 million for debt issuance cost amortization, and 17 million income from restricted investments. 
 M- 25 

Investing activities 
 The following discloses the cash flows associated with Ashland s investing activities for 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Cash flows provided (used) by investing activities from continuing operations 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

(105) 

(133) 

(147) 

Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 

5 

5 

9 

Purchase of operations - net of cash acquired 

(309) 

(2) 

Proceeds from sale or restructuring of operations 

14 

9 

Proceeds from settlement of Company-owned life insurance contracts 

91 

8 

3 

Company-owned life insurance payments 

(6) 

(6) 

(3) 

Net purchases of funds restricted for specific transactions 

(91) 

(3) 

(7) 

Reimbursement from restricted investments 

33 

35 

32 

Proceeds from sale of securities 

149 

21 

348 

Purchase of securities 

(149) 

(21) 

(348) 

Proceeds from the settlement of derivative instruments 

1 

6 

Payments for the settlement of derivative instruments 

(2) 

Total cash flows used by investing activities from continuing operations 

(367) 

(85) 

(111) 

Cash used by investing activities was 367 million in 2021 compared to 85 million and 111 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively. The significant cash investing activities for the current year primarily related to cash outflows of 105 million for capital expenditures and 309 million related to the purchase of the Sch lke personal care business. Additionally, there were reimbursements of 33 million from the restricted renewable annual asbestos trust and 14 million of proceeds from the sale of a manufacturing facility as well as post-closing adjustments. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, Ashland liquidated 90 million in company owned life insurance contracts to initiate the environmental trust. 
 The 2020 year included cash outflows of 133 million for capital expenditures. Additionally, there were reimbursements of 35 million from the restricted renewable annual asbestos trust and 9 million of proceeds from the sale of a manufacturing facility. 
 The 2019 year included cash outflows of 147 million for capital expenditures. Additionally, there were reimbursements of 32 million from the restricted renewable annual asbestos trust. 
 Financing activities 
 The following discloses the cash flows associated with Ashland s financing activities for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Cash flows provided (used) by financing activities from continuing operations 

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 

450 

804 

Repayment of long-term debt 

(411) 

(767) 

(797) 

Premium on long-term debt repayment 

(16) 

(59) 

Proceeds from (repayment of) short-term debt 

84 

115 

(78) 

Repurchase of common stock 

(450) 

(200) 

Debt issuance costs 

(6) 

(11) 

Cash dividends paid 

(70) 

(66) 

(64) 

Stock based compensation employee withholding taxes paid in cash 

(7) 

(7) 

(10) 

Total cash flows provided (used) by financing activities from continuing operations 

(426) 

9 

(1,149) 

M- 26 

Cash provided (used) by financing activities was (426) million for 2021, 9 million for 2020, and (1,149) million for 2019. Significant cash financing activities for 2021 included 411 million for the full repayment of the 4.750 notes due 2022, 16 million of premiums paid on the retirement of the aforementioned notes, 450 million of proceeds from the issuance of new 3.375 senior notes due 2031, payments of 6 million of new debt issuance costs, and short-term debt of 84 million. See note I for additional information. 2021 also included cash dividends paid of 1.15 per share, for a total of 70 million and common stock repurchases of 450 million. 
 Significant cash financing activities for 2020 included proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, repayment of long-term debt, premiums paid on retirement of long-term debt, and debt issuance costs paid of 804 million, 767 million, 59 million and 11 million, respectively, all related to debt refinancing activity. See note I for additional information. 2020 also included short-term cash inflows of 115 million, primarily related to draws on the 2020 Revolving Credit Facility and cash dividends paid of 1.10 per share, for a total of 66 million. 
 Significant cash financing activities for 2019 included a cash outflow of 797 million for repayments of long-term debt, including 593 million for the full repayment of the term loan B facility, 195 million for the full repayment of the five-year term loan A facility, 5 million for repayments of the Series B 9.35 Medium Term Notes, 3 million for repayments of the 4.75 Senior Notes due 2022, and 1 million for the 6.875 Senior Notes due 2043. 2019 also included short-term debt net repayments of 78 million related to the revolving credit facility, the accounts receivable securitization facilities and a short-term loan facility. The revolving credit facility and the outstanding balance of the three-year term loan A facility were repaid primarily using cash from repatriations. 2019 also included cash dividends paid of 1.05 per share, for a total of 64 million and common stock repurchases of 200 million. 
 
 Cash provided (used) by discontinued operations 
 The following discloses the cash flows associated with Ashland s discontinued operations for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Cash provided (used) by discontinued operations 

Operating cash flows 

94 

(24) 

101 

Investing cash flows 

(14) 

93 

960 

Total cash provided (used) by discontinued operations 

80 

69 

1,061 

Cash flows for discontinued operations in 2021, 2020 and 2019 primarily related to net cash inflows of 88 million related to the Performance Adhesives segment and a 30 million cash inflow for a tax refund associated with the Composites divestiture in 2021; 80 million inflows related to the Performance Adhesives segment, 98 million inflows related to the sale of the Maleic business and 59 million cash outflows for tax payments associated with the sale of the Composites business and Marl facility in 2020; and 81 million inflows related to the Performance Adhesives segment, 1 billion (which includes net proceeds from the completed sale of the Composites business (excluding the Maleic business) and Marl facility of 972 million) related to the divestiture of the Composites business (including the Maleic business) and Marl facility in 2019, respectively. The remaining cash flows for discontinued operations for these years related to other previously divested businesses, including net payments of asbestos and environmental liabilities. 
 M- 27 

Free cash flow and other liquidity information 
 The following represents Ashland s calculation of free cash flow for the disclosed periods and reconciles free cash flow to cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations. Free cash flow does not reflect adjustments for certain non-discretionary cash flows such as mandatory debt repayments. See Results of Operations - Consolidated Review - Use of non-GAAP measures for additional information. 

September 30 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations 

466 

227 

140 

Less: 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

(105) 

(133) 

(147) 

Free cash flows (a) (b) 

361 

94 

(7) 

(a)	Included 44 million, 30 million and 61 million of restructuring-related and separation payments during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 (b)	Includes 92 million of cash inflows during 2021 associated with the U.S. Accounts Receivable Sales Program. 
 At September 30, 2021, working capital (current assets minus current liabilities, excluding long-term debt due within one year) amounted to 792 million, compared to 734 million at the end of 2020. Liquid assets (cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable) amounted to 62 of current liabilities at September 30, 2021 and 110 at September 30, 2020. 
 The following summary reflects Ashland s cash, investment securities and unused borrowing capacity as of September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

September 30 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Cash and cash equivalents 

210 

454 

232 

Unused borrowing capacity 

Revolving credit facility 

356 

500 

752 

2018 accounts receivable securitization (foreign) 

2012 accounts receivable securitization (U.S.) 

48 

Accounts receivable sales program (U.S.) 

12 

The borrowing capacity remaining under the 600 million revolving credit facility was 356 million due to an outstanding balance of 225 million and a reduction of 19 million for letters of credit outstanding at September 30, 2021. In total, Ashland s available liquidity position, which includes cash, the revolving credit facilities and accounts receivable securitization facilities, was 566 million at September 30, 2021 as compared to 954 million at September 30, 2020 and 1,032 million at September 30, 2019. Ashland also had an additional 12 million of liquidity available under the U.S. accounts receivable sales program as of September 30, 2021. For further information, see Note I within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Capital resources 
 Debt 
 The following summary reflects Ashland s debt as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. 

September 30 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Short-term debt (includes current portion of long-term debt) 

374 

280 

Long-term debt (less current portion and debt issuance cost discounts) (a) 

1,596 

1,573 

Total debt 

1,970 

1,853 

(a)	Includes 17 million and 15 million of debt issuance cost discounts as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 During fiscal 2021, Ashland completed the issuance of 3.375 senior unsecured notes due 2031 with an aggregate principal amount of 450 million. Ashland used the net proceeds of the offering to redeem its obligations under the existing 4.750 senior notes due 2022 for a total of 411 million. During fiscal 2020, Ashland entered into a new credit facility, the 2020 Credit Agreement, which was comprised of a 600 million, 5-year credit facility and a 250 million 5-year term loan. Additionally, 
 M- 28 

Ashland issued new 8-year Senior notes in Europe, for approximately 554 million. The proceeds of these debt issuances were primarily used to tender for 767 million of Senior notes. See Note I for more information. 
 The current portion of long-term debt was 9 million at September 30, 2021. Debt as a percent of capital employed was 42 at September 30, 2021 and 38 at September 30, 2020. At September 30, 2021, Ashland s total debt had an outstanding principal balance of 2,027 million, discounts of 40 million and debt issuance costs of 17 million. The scheduled aggregate maturities of long-term debt for the next five fiscal years (including the current portion and excluding debt issuance costs) are as follows: 9 in 2022, 22 million in 2023, 44 million in 2024, 175 million in 2025, and zero in 2026. 
 Credit Agreements and Refinancing 
 Note Issuance and existing notes tender 
 During August 2021, a subsidiary of Ashland, Ashland LLC, completed the issuance of 3.375 senior unsecured notes due 2031 with an aggregate principal amount of 450 million (the 2031 Notes). The 2031 notes are senior unsecured obligations of Ashland LLC and initially guaranteed on an unsecured basis by Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Ashland used the net proceeds of the offering (after deducting initial purchasers' discounts and other fees and expenses) to redeem its obligations under the existing 4.750 senior notes due 2022 described below in debt repayments, and to pay fees and expenses associated therewith. 
 Ashland incurred 6 million of new debt issuance costs in connection with the 2031 Notes, which is amortized using the effective interest method over the Notes' term and was included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 During January 2020, a subsidiary of Ashland, Ashland Services B.V., completed the issuance of 2.00 senior unsecured notes due 2028 with an aggregate principal amount of 500 million (the 2028 Notes). The 2028 notes are senior unsecured obligations of Ashland Services B.V and initially guaranteed on an unsecured basis by each of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Ashland LLC. Ashland used the net proceeds of the offering (after deducting initial purchasers discounts and other fees and expenses), together with the proceeds of the new term loan facility and other funds of Ashland LLC or its subsidiaries, to repurchase the existing notes described below in cash tender offers, and to pay fees and expenses associated therewith. Ashland incurred 8 million of new debt issuance costs in connection with the 2028 Notes, which is amortized using the effective interest method over the 2028 Notes term. 
 2020 Credit Agreement 
 During January 2020, Ashland LLC and Ashland Services B.V., indirect and wholly owned subsidiaries of Ashland, entered into a new senior unsecured credit agreement (the 2020 Credit Agreement) with a group of lenders, replacing the 2017 Credit Agreement. The 2020 Credit Agreement provides for (i) a 600 million unsecured five-year revolving credit facility (the 2020 Revolving Credit Facility) and (ii) a 250 million unsecured five-year term loan facility (the 2020 Term Loan Facility). The 2020 Credit Agreement is guaranteed by Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Ashland Chemco Inc., and the obligations of Ashland Services B.V. under the 2020 Revolving Credit Facility are guaranteed by Ashland LLC. Proceeds of borrowings under the 2020 Revolving Credit Facility were used to refinance the Ashland s existing 2017 Credit Agreement, to provide ongoing working capital and for other general corporate purposes. The proceeds under the 2020 Term Loan Facility were used to refinance a portion of Ashland s outstanding 4.750 Senior Notes due 2022, 6.875 Senior Notes due 2043 and Hercules LLC s 6.500 junior subordinated debentures. 
 At Ashland s option, loans issued under the 2020 Credit Agreement bear interest at either LIBOR or an alternate base rate, in each case plus the applicable interest rate margin. Loans initially bear interest at LIBOR plus 1.375 per annum, in the case of LIBOR borrowings, or at the alternate base rate plus 0.375 , in the alternative, through and including the date of delivery of a quarterly compliance certificate and thereafter the interest rate will fluctuate between LIBOR plus 1.250 per annum and LIBOR plus 1.750 per annum (or between the alternate base rate plus 0.250 per annum and the alternate base rate plus 0.750 annum), based upon the consolidated net leverage ratio (as defined in the 2020 Credit Agreement) at such time. In addition, Ashland is initially required to pay fees of 0.20 per annum on the daily unused amount of the 2020 Revolving Facility through and including the date of delivery of a compliance certificate, and thereafter the fee rate will fluctuate between 0.15 and 0.30 per annum, based upon the consolidated net leverage ratio. The Credit Facilities may be prepaid at any time without premium. 
 M- 29 

The term loan A (TLA) Facility will not amortize in each of the first and second years and will amortize at a rate of 5.0 per annum, 10 per annum and 20 per annum in the third, fourth and fifth years, respectively (payable in equal quarterly installments), with the outstanding balance of the TLA Facility to be paid on January 10, 2025. 
 The 2020 Credit Agreement contains financial covenants for leverage and interest coverage ratios akin to those in effect under the 2017 Credit Agreement. The 2020 Credit Agreement contains usual and customary representations, warranties and affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants for leverage and interest coverage ratios, limitations on liens, additional indebtedness, further negative pledges, investments, mergers, sale of assets and restricted payments, and other customary limitations. 
 Ashland incurred 4 million of new debt issuance costs in connection with the 2020 Credit Agreement, of which 1 million was expensed immediately during 2020 within the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). The remaining balance is amortized using either the effective interest method or straight-line method. 
 Financing activity related to the 2017 Credit Agreement 
 During 2019, Ashland utilized proceeds from the sale of its Composites business (excluding the Maleic business) and the Marl facility to repay the remaining principal balance of the TLA Facility and the TLB Facility. As a result of these repayments, Ashland recognized accelerated amortization of previously capitalized debt issuance costs of 6 million during 2019, which was included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 During January 2020, Ashland entered into the 2020 Credit Agreement, replacing the 2017 Credit Agreement. As a result of the termination of the 2017 Credit Agreement, Ashland recognized a 1 million charge for accelerated amortization of previously capitalized debt issuance costs during 2020, which is included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 Debt repayments and repurchases 
 Cash repatriation 
 During 2021 and 2020, Ashland repatriated approximately 131 million and 576 million (including the proceeds of the 2020 senior notes due 2028), respectively, in cash that was primarily used to repay existing debt, principally portions of the 4.75 senior notes due 2022, the 6.875 senior notes due 2043 and the 6.5 junior notes in 2020 and the TLA Facility and TLB Facility in 2019 (as previously discussed). 
 2021 Debt repayments and repurchases 
 Redemption of 4.750 senior notes due 2022 
 During 2021, Ashland redeemed all of its outstanding 4.750 senior notes due 2022 (the 2022 Notes), of which approximately 411 million were outstanding. Ashland recognized a 1 million charge related to accelerated accretion on debt discounts and accelerated amortization of previously capitalized debt issuance costs, which is included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). Proceeds from the 2031 Notes were used to pay for the redemption. 
 Total premiums paid for all the tender offers in 2021 noted above were 16 million, which is included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 2020 Debt repayments and repurchases 
 Tender offers of 4.750 notes due 2022 
 During 2020, Ashland executed tender offers of its 4.750 notes due 2022 (the 2022 Notes). As a result of these repurchases, the carrying values of the 2022 Notes was reduced by 670 million. Ashland recognized a 5 million charge related to accelerated accretion on debt discounts and accelerated amortization of previously capitalized debt issuance costs, which is included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 M- 30 

Tender offers of 6.875 notes due 2043 
 During 2020, Ashland executed tender offers of its 6.875 notes due 2043 (the 2043 Notes). As a result of these repurchases, the carrying values of the 2043 Notes was reduced by 92 million. Ashland recognized a 1 million charge related to accelerated accretion on debt premiums and accelerated amortization of previously capitalized debt issuance costs, which is included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 Tender offers of 6.500 Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2029 
 During 2020, Ashland executed tender offers of Hercules LLC s 6.500 junior subordinated debentures due 2029 (the 2029 Junior Debentures). As a result of these repurchases, the carrying values of the 2029 Junior Debentures was reduced by 2 million. 
 Total premiums paid for all the tender offers in 2020 noted above were 59 million, which is included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 2019 Debt repayments and repurchases 
 Repayment of the Term loan A due 2022 
 During 2019, Ashland repaid all of the outstanding principal balance of its term loan A for a total of 195 million. As a result of these repayments, Ashland recognized accelerated amortization of previously capitalized debt issuance costs of 1 million during 2019, which was included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 Repayment of the Term loan B due 2024 
 During 2019, Ashland repaid all of the outstanding principal balance of its term loan B for a total of 593 million. As a result of these repayments, Ashland recognized accelerated amortization of previously capitalized debt issuance costs of 5 million during 2019, which was included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 Redemption of 9.35 notes due 2019 
 During 2019, Ashland redeemed all of its outstanding 9.35 medium term notes due 2019, of which approximately 5 million were outstanding. Cash on hand was used to pay for the redemption. 
 Open market repurchases of 4.750 notes due 2022 and 6.875 notes due 2043 
 During 2019, Ashland executed open market repurchases of its 4.750 notes due 2022 (2022 Senior Notes) and its 6.875 notes due 2043 (2043 Senior Notes). As a result of these repurchases, the carrying values of the 2022 and 2043 Senior Notes were reduced by 3 million and 1 million, respectively. 
 Accounts receivable securitizations 
 U.S. Accounts Receivable Sales Program 
 On March 17, 2021, a wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote special purpose entity (SPE) and consolidated Ashland subsidiary entered into an agreement with a group of entities (buyers) to sell certain trade receivables, without recourse beyond the pledged receivables, of two other U.S. based Ashland subsidiaries. Under the agreement, Ashland can transfer whole receivables up to a limit established by the buyer, which is currently set at 125 million between February and October of each year and up to 100 million all other times. Ashland s continuing involvement is limited to servicing the receivables, including billing, collections and remittance of payments to the buyers as well as a limited guarantee on over-collateralization. The arrangement terminates on May 31, 2023, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of the agreement. 
 Ashland determined that any receivables transferred under this agreement are put presumptively beyond the reach of Ashland and its creditors, even in bankruptcy or other receivership. Ashland received a true sale at law and non-consolidation opinions to support the legal isolation of these receivables. Consequently, Ashland accounts for the receivables transferred to buyers as part of this agreement as a sale. Ashland recognizes any gains or losses based on the excess of proceeds received net of buyer s discounts and fees compared to the carrying value of the assets. Proceeds received, net of buyer s discounts and fees, are recorded 
 M- 31 

within the operating activities of the Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows. Losses on sale of assets, including related transaction expenses are recorded within the Net interest and other expense (income) caption of the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). Ashland regularly assesses its servicing obligations and records them as assets or liabilities when appropriate. Ashland also monitors its obligation with regards to the limited guarantee and records the resulting guarantee liability when warranted. When applicable, Ashland discloses the amount of the receivable that serves as over-collateralization as a restricted asset. 
 Ashland recognized a 1 million loss within its Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended September 30, 2021 within the net interest and other expense (income) caption associated with sales under the program. Ashland has recorded 113 million of sales against the buyer s limit, which was 125 million at September 30, 2021. Ashland transferred 167 million in receivables to the SPE as of September 30, 2021. Ashland recorded liabilities related to its service obligations and limited guarantee as of September 30, 2021 of less than 1 million. As of September 30, 2021, the year-to-date gross cash proceeds received for receivables transferred and derecognized was 432 million, of which 319 million was collected. The difference of 113 million represents the proceeds from new transfers of receivables as of September 30, 2021, of which 21 million related to Performance Adhesives. 
 2018 foreign accounts receivable securitization 
 During July 2018, Ashland entered into a 115 million accounts receivable securitization facility (the Program) for the transfer by certain subsidiaries of Ashland (the Sellers) directly or indirectly to Ester Finance Titrisation (the Purchaser), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (the Arranger), of certain receivables and/or collections originated by the Sellers towards certain corporate debtors located in multiple European jurisdictions and denominated in multiple currencies. The Program originally had a term of two years but was extended to August 2021 in September 2019. During July 2021, the termination date of the program was extended to July 2023. During July 2020, the available funding for qualified receivables under the accounts receivable securitization facility decreased from 115 million to 100 million. 
 Under the Program, each Seller will assign, on an ongoing basis, certain of its accounts receivable and the right to the collections on those accounts receivable to the Purchaser. Under the terms of the Program, the Sellers could, from time to time, obtain up to 100 million from the Purchaser through the sale of an undivided interest in such accounts receivable and collections. Ashland accounts for the securitization facility as secured borrowings, and the receivables sold pursuant to the facility are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as accounts receivable. Fundings under the Program will be repaid as accounts receivable are collected, with new fundings being advanced (through daily advanced purchase price) as new accounts receivable are originated by the Sellers and assigned to the Purchaser, with settlement occurring monthly. Ashland classifies any borrowings under this facility as a short-term debt instrument within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Once sold to the Purchaser, the accounts receivable and rights to collection described above are separate and distinct from each Sellers own assets and are not available to its creditors should such Sellers become insolvent. 
 At September 30, 2021 and 2020, the outstanding amount of accounts receivable transferred by Ashland to the Purchaser was 152 million and 131 million, respectively, and there were 117 million and 93 million, respectively, of borrowings (denominated in multiple currencies) under the facility. The weighted-average interest rate for this instrument was 0.6 and 1.2 for 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2012 U.S. accounts receivable securitization 
 On August 31, 2012, Ashland entered into a 350 million accounts receivable securitization facility pursuant to (i) a Sale Agreement, among Ashland and certain of its direct and indirect subsidiaries (each an Originator and collectively, the Originators) and CVG Capital III LLC, a wholly-owned bankruptcy remote special purpose subsidiary of the Originators (CVG) and (ii) a Transfer and Administration Agreement, among CVG, each Originator, Ashland, as Master Servicer, certain Conduit Investors, Uncommitted Investors, Letter of Credit Issuers, Managing Agents, Administrators and Committed Investors, and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as agent for various secured parties (the Agent). The Transfer and Administration Agreement had a term of three years but was extendable at the discretion of Ashland and the Investors. 
 M- 32 

Under the Sale Agreement, each Originator transfers, on an ongoing basis, certain of its accounts receivable, certain related assets and the right to the collections on those accounts receivable to CVG. Ashland accounts for the securitization facility as secured borrowings, and the receivables sold pursuant to the facility are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as accounts receivable. Fundings under the Transfer and Administration Agreement will be repaid as accounts receivable are collected, with new fundings being advanced (through daily reinvestments) as new accounts receivable are originated by the Originators and transferred to CVG, with settlement generally occurring monthly. Ashland continues to classify any borrowings under this facility as a short-term debt instrument within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Once sold to CVG, the accounts receivable, related assets and rights to collection described above are separate and distinct from each Originator s own assets and are not available to its creditors should such Originator become insolvent. Substantially all of CVG s assets have been pledged to the Agent in support of its obligations under the Transfer and Administration Agreement. 
 During 2016, the termination date of the commitments under the Transfer and Administration Agreement was extended from December 31, 2015, the previous termination extension date, to March 22, 2017. During March 2017, this facility was extended for an additional year with similar terms as the previous facility agreement. During March 2018, the termination date of the accounts receivable securitization facility was extended from March 2018 to March 2020. During March 2020, the termination date of the accounts receivable securitization was extended from March 2020 to March 2021. The available funding for qualified receivables under the accounts receivable securitization facility increased from 100 million to 115 million, however this was decreased back to 100 million on August 30, 2019 in conjunction with the Composites and Marl facility divestiture. No other changes to the agreement are expected to have a significant impact to Ashland's results of operations and financial position. 
 On March 17, 2021, Ashland terminated its U.S. 2012 Accounts Receivable Securitization facility. The program had no outstanding borrowings at its termination. At September 30, 2020, the outstanding amount of accounts receivable transferred by Ashland to CVG was 151 million. Ashland had 84 million of borrowings under the facility as of September 30, 2020. The weighted-average interest rate for this instrument was 1.8 for 2020. 
 Other debt 
 At September 30, 2021 and 2020, Ashland held other debt totaling 83 million and 81 million, respectively, comprised primarily of a European short-term loan facility, the 6.50 notes due 2029 and other notes. 
 Ashland debt covenants restrictions 
 Ashland s debt contains usual and customary representations, warranties and affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants for leverage and interest coverage ratios, limitations on liens, additional subsidiary indebtedness, restrictions on subsidiary distributions, investments, mergers, sale of assets and restricted payments and other customary limitations. As of September 30, 2021, Ashland was in compliance with all debt agreement covenant restrictions. 
 The maximum consolidated net leverage ratio permitted under Ashland s most recent credit agreement (the 2020 Credit Agreement) is 4.0. The 2020 Credit Agreement defines the consolidated net leverage ratio as the ratio of consolidated indebtedness minus unrestricted cash and cash equivalents to consolidated EBITDA (Covenant Adjusted EBITDA) for any measurement period. In general, the 2020 Credit Agreement defines Covenant Adjusted EBITDA as net income plus consolidated interest charges, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, fees and expenses related to capital market transactions and proposed or actual acquisitions and divestitures, restructuring and integration charges, non-cash stock and equity compensation expense, and any other nonrecurring expenses or losses that do not represent a cash item in such period or any future period; less any non-cash gains or other items increasing net income. The computation of Covenant Adjusted EBITDA differs from the calculation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, which have been reconciled on page M-14. In general, consolidated indebtedness includes debt plus all purchase money indebtedness, banker s acceptances and bank guaranties, deferred purchase price of property or services, attributable indebtedness and guarantees. At September 30, 2021, Ashland s calculation of the consolidated net leverage ratio was 3.2. 
 M- 33 

The minimum required consolidated interest coverage ratio under the 2020 Credit Agreement is 3.0. The 2020 Credit Agreement defines the consolidated interest coverage ratio as the ratio of Covenant Adjusted EBITDA to consolidated interest charges for any measurement period. At September 30, 2021, Ashland s calculation of the consolidated interest coverage ratio was 9.4. 
 Any change in Covenant Adjusted EBITDA of 100 million would have an approximate 0.5x effect on the consolidated net leverage ratio and a 1.7x effect on the consolidated interest coverage ratio. Any change in consolidated indebtedness of 100 million would affect the consolidated net leverage ratio by approximately 0.2x. 
 Ashland credit ratings 
 Ashland s corporate credit ratings remained unchanged at BB+ by Standard Poor s and Ba1 by Moody s Investor Services. As of September 30, 2021, Moody s Investor Services outlook remained at stable, while Standard Poor s outlook was revised to stable from negative. Subsequent changes to these ratings or outlook may have an effect on Ashland s borrowing rate or ability to access capital markets in the future. 
 Additional capital resources 
 Ashland cash projection 
 Ashland believes that cash flow from operations, availability under existing credit facilities and arrangements, current cash and investment balances and the ability to obtain other financing, if necessary, will provide adequate cash funds for the Company s foreseeable working capital needs, capital expenditures at existing facilities, pending acquisitions, dividend payments and debt service obligations. The Company s cash requirements are subject to change as business conditions warrant and opportunities arise. The timing and size of any new business ventures or acquisitions that the Company may complete may also impact its cash requirements. For information regarding the impact of COVID-19 on the Company, including on its liquidity and capital resources, please see item 1A, Risk Factors in this report. 
 Ashland expects the following material cash funding requirements from known contractual obligations at September 30, 2021: 

Less than 

More than 

(In millions) 
 
 Total 

1 year 

1 year 

Material Cash Funding Requirements Contractual obligations 

Raw material and service contract purchase obligations (a) 

104 

67 

37 

Employee benefit obligations (b) 

64 

9 

55 

Operating lease obligations (c) 

173 

39 

134 

Interest payments (d) 

711 

57 

654 

Unrecognized tax benefits (e) 

82 

6 

76 

One-time transition tax (f) 

50 

5 

45 

Total contractual obligations 

1,184 

183 

1,001 

Other commitments 

Letters of credit (g) 

81 

81 

M- 34 

(a) Includes raw material and service contracts where minimal committed quantities and prices are fixed. 

(b) Includes estimated funding of Ashland s qualified U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans for 2021 as well as projected benefit payments through 2030 under Ashland s unfunded pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Excludes the benefit payments from the pension plan trust funds. See Note M of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

(c) Includes leases for office buildings, transportation equipment, warehouses and storage facilities and other equipment. For further information, see Note K of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(d) Includes interest expense on both variable and fixed rate debt assuming no prepayments. Variable interest rates have been assumed to remain constant through the end of the term at rates that existed as of September 30, 2021. 

(e) Due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions with respect to taxing authorities, Ashland is unable to determine the timing of payments related to noncurrent unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties. Therefore, these amounts were included in the More than 1 year column. 

(f) As a result of the Tax Act enacted during fiscal year 2018, Ashland has currently recorded a 50 million liability for the one-time transition tax. This liability will be payable over six years. 

(g) Ashland issues various types of letters of credit as part of its normal course of business. For further information, see Note I of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Total Equity 
 Total equity was 2,752 million and 3,036 million at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively. During 2021, there were increases of 220 million for net income, 7 million for deferred translation gains, 4 million for unrealized gains on commodity hedges, and 8 million for common shares issued under stock incentive plans. These increases were offset by decreases of 450 million for repurchases of common stock and 71 million for dividends paid during 2021. 
 Stock repurchase programs 
 During March 2018, Ashland s Board of Directors approved a 1 billion stock repurchase program, which replaced the 2015 stock repurchase program. Under the new program, Ashland s common shares may be repurchased in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or pursuant to one or more accelerated stock repurchase programs or Rule 10b5-1 plans. As of September 30, 2021, 350 million remained available for repurchase under this authorization. 
 
 Stock repurchase program agreements 
 In September 2021, under the 2018 stock repurchase program, Ashland announced that it entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement (2021 ASR Agreement). Under the 2021 ASR Agreement, Ashland paid an initial purchase price of 450 million and received an initial delivery of 3.9 million shares of common stock during September 2021. The program is expected to terminate by March 2022, resulting in a final share repurchase transaction. 
 In May 2019, under the 2018 stock repurchase program, Ashland announced that it entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement (2019 ASR Agreement). Under the 2019 ASR Agreement, Ashland paid an initial purchase price of 200 million and received an initial delivery of 2.2 million shares of common stock during May 2019. The bank exercised its early termination option under the 2019 ASR Agreement in August 2019, and an additional 400 thousand shares were repurchased, bringing the total shares repurchased upon settlement to 2.6 million. 
 Stockholder dividends 
 Ashland paid dividends per common share of 1.15, 1.10 and 1.05 during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 In May 2021, the Board of Directors of Ashland announced a quarterly cash dividend of 30 cents per share to eligible stockholders of record, which was paid in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. This dividend represented an increase over the previous quarterly cash dividend of 27.5 cents per share. This dividend was paid in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2021. 
 In May 2019, the Board of Directors of Ashland announced a quarterly cash dividend of 27.5 cents per share to eligible stockholders at record, which represented an increase from the previous quarterly cash dividend of 25.0 cents per share. This dividend was paid in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2019, each quarter of fiscal 2020 and the first and second quarters of 2021. 
 In May 2018, the Board of Directors of Ashland announced a quarterly cash dividend of 25 cents per share to eligible stockholders at record, which represented an increase from the previous quarterly cash dividend of 22.5 cents per share. This dividend was paid in the third quarter and fourth quarters of fiscal 2018 and the first and second quarters of fiscal 2019. 
 M- 35 

Capital expenditures 
 Capital expenditures were 105 million for 2021 and averaged 128 million during the last three years. Ashland expects capital expenditures over the next three years of approximately 165 million annually. A summary of capital expenditures by reportable segment during 2021, 2020 and 2019 follow. 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Life Sciences 

27 

51 

54 

Personal Care Household 

7 

13 

20 

Specialty Additives 

67 

59 

57 

Intermediates and Solvents 

2 

5 

7 

Unallocated and Other 

2 

5 

9 

Total capital expenditures 

105 

133 

147 

A summary of the capital employed in Ashland s current operations, which is calculated by adding equity to capital investment, as of the end of the last two years is as follows. 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Capital employed (a) 

Life Sciences 

1,857 

1,879 

Personal Care Household 

1,082 

885 

Specialty Additives 

1,447 

1,506 

Intermediates and Solvents 

132 

143 

(a) Excludes the assets and liabilities classified within unallocated and other which primarily includes debt and other long-term liabilities such as asbestos and pension. The net liability in unallocated and other was 2,313 million and 1,948 million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Additionally, net assets held for sale were 547 million and 571 million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 As part of its normal course of business, Ashland is a party to various financial guarantees and other commitments. These arrangements involve elements of performance and credit risk that are not included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The possibility that Ashland would have to make actual cash expenditures in connection with these obligations is largely dependent on the performance of the guaranteed party, or the occurrence of future events that Ashland is unable to predict. Ashland has reserved the approximate fair value of these guarantees in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 For a discussion and analysis of recently issued accounting pronouncements and its impact on Ashland, see Note A of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 M- 36 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of Ashland s Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Significant items that are subject to such estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, environmental remediation, asbestos litigation, long-lived assets (including goodwill and other intangible assets) and income taxes. Although management bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results could differ significantly from the estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Management has reviewed the estimates affecting these items with the Audit Committee of Ashland s Board of Directors. 
 Environmental remediation and asset retirement obligations 
 Ashland is subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations that require environmental assessment or remediation efforts (collectively environmental remediation) at multiple locations. At September 30, 2021, such locations included 81 waste treatment or disposal sites where Ashland has been identified as a potentially responsible party under Superfund or similar state laws, 112 current and former operating facilities and about 1,225 service station properties, of which 18 are being actively remediated. See Note N of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Ashland s reserves for environmental remediation and related environmental litigation amounted to 207 million at September 30, 2021 compared to 200 million at September 30, 2020 of which 152 million at September 30, 2021 and 150 million at September 30, 2020 were classified in other noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The remaining reserves were classified in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The total reserves for environmental remediation reflect Ashland s estimates of the most likely costs that will be incurred over an extended period to remediate identified conditions for which the costs are reasonably estimable, without regard to any third-party recoveries. Engineering studies, probability techniques, historical experience and other factors are used to identify and evaluate remediation alternatives and their related costs in determining the estimated reserves for environmental remediation. Ashland continues to discount certain environmental sites and regularly adjusts its reserves as environmental remediation continues. Ashland has estimated the value of its probable insurance recoveries associated with its environmental reserve based on management s interpretations and estimates surrounding the available or applicable insurance coverage. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, Ashland s recorded receivable for these probable insurance recoveries was 16 million and 15 million, respectively, of which 13 million and 13 million, respectively, were classified in other noncurrent assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 During 2021, 2020 and 2019, Ashland recognized 50 million, 48 million and 30 million of expense, respectively, for certain environmental liabilities related to normal ongoing remediation cost estimate updates for sites, which is consistent with Ashland s historical environmental accounting policy. 
 Environmental remediation reserves are subject to numerous inherent uncertainties that affect Ashland s ability to estimate its share of the costs. Such uncertainties involve the nature and extent of contamination at each site, the extent of required cleanup efforts under existing environmental regulations, widely varying costs of alternate cleanup methods, changes in environmental regulations, the potential effect of continuing improvements in remediation technology, and the number and financial strength of other potentially responsible parties at multiparty sites. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the ultimate costs of environmental remediation, Ashland currently estimates that the upper end of the reasonably possible range of future costs for identified sites could be as high as approximately 480 million. The largest reserve for any site is 13 of the remediation reserve. 
 Asbestos litigation 
 Ashland and Hercules have liabilities from claims alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos. To assist in developing and annually updating independent reserve estimates for future asbestos claims and related costs given various assumptions, Ashland has retained third party actuarial experts Gnarus Advisors, LLC (Gnarus). The methodology used by Gnarus to project future asbestos costs is based largely on recent experience, including claim-filing and settlement rates, disease mix, enacted legislation, open claims and litigation defense. The claim experience of Ashland and Hercules are separately 
 M- 37 

compared to the results of previously conducted third party epidemiological studies estimating the number of people likely to develop asbestos-related diseases. Those studies were undertaken in connection with national analyses of the population expected to have been exposed to asbestos. Using that information, Gnarus estimates a range of the number of future claims that may be filed, as well as the related costs that may be incurred in resolving those claims. Changes in asbestos-related liabilities and receivables are recorded on an after-tax basis within the discontinued operations caption in the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). See Note N of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Ashland asbestos-related litigation 
 The claims alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos asserted against Ashland result primarily from indemnification obligations undertaken in 1990 in connection with the sale of Riley, a former subsidiary. The amount and timing of settlements and number of open claims can fluctuate from period to period. 
 Ashland asbestos-related liability 
 From the range of estimates, Ashland records the amount it believes to be the best estimate of future payments for litigation defense and claim settlement costs, which generally approximates the mid-point of the estimated range of exposure from model results. Ashland reviews this estimate and related assumptions quarterly and annually updates the results of a non-inflated, non-discounted approximate 50-year model developed with the assistance of Gnarus. 
 During the most recent update completed during 2021, it was determined that the liability for Ashland asbestos-related claims should be increased by 12 million. Total reserves for asbestos claims were 320 million at September 30, 2021 compared to 335 million at September 30, 2020. 
 Ashland asbestos-related receivables 
 Ashland has insurance coverage for certain litigation defense and claim settlement costs incurred in connection with its asbestos claims, and coverage-in-place agreements exist with the insurance companies that provide substantially all of the coverage that will be accessed. 
 For the Ashland asbestos-related obligations, Ashland has estimated the value of probable insurance recoveries associated with its asbestos reserve based on management s interpretations and estimates surrounding the available or applicable insurance coverage, including an assumption that all solvent insurance carriers remain solvent. Substantially all of the estimated receivables from insurance companies are expected to be due from domestic insurers, all of which are solvent. 
 At September 30, 2021, Ashland s receivable for recoveries of litigation defense and claim settlement costs from insurers amounted to 100 million (excluding the Hercules receivable for asbestos claims). Receivables from insurers amounted to 103 million at September 30, 2020. During 2021, the annual update of the model used for purposes of valuing the asbestos reserve and its impact on valuation of future recoveries from insurers, was completed. This model update resulted in a 8 million increase in the receivable for probable insurance recoveries. 
 Hercules asbestos-related litigation 
 Hercules has liabilities from claims alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos. Such claims typically arise from alleged exposure to asbestos fibers from resin encapsulated pipe and tank products which were sold by one of Hercules former subsidiaries to a limited industrial market. The amount and timing of settlements and number of open claims can fluctuate from period to period. 
 Hercules asbestos-related liability 
 From the range of estimates, Ashland records the amount it believes to be the best estimate of future payments for litigation defense and claim settlement costs, which generally approximates the mid-point of the estimated range of exposure from model results. Ashland reviews this estimate and related assumptions quarterly and annually updates the results of a non-inflated, non-discounted approximate 50-year model developed with the assistance of Gnarus. As a result of the most recent annual update of this estimate, completed during 2021, it was determined that the liability for Hercules asbestos-related claims should be increased by 8 million. Total reserves for asbestos claims were 217 million at September 30, 2021 compared to 229 million at September 30, 2020. 
 M- 38 

Hercules asbestos-related receivables 
 For the Hercules asbestos-related obligations, certain reimbursement obligations pursuant to coverage-in-place agreements with insurance carriers exist. As a result, any increases in the asbestos reserve have been partially offset by probable insurance recoveries. Ashland has estimated the value of probable insurance recoveries associated with its asbestos reserve based on management s interpretations and estimates surrounding the available or applicable insurance coverage, including an assumption that all solvent insurance carriers remain solvent. The estimated receivable consists exclusively of solvent domestic insurers. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the receivables from insurers amounted to 47 million for both periods. During 2021, the annual update of the model used for purposes of valuing the asbestos reserve and its impact on valuation of future recoveries from insurers was completed. This model update resulted in a 2 million increase in the receivable for probable insurance recoveries. 
 Asbestos litigation cost projection 
 Projecting future asbestos costs is subject to numerous variables that are extremely difficult to predict. In addition to the significant uncertainties surrounding the number of claims that might be received, other variables include the type and severity of the disease alleged by each claimant, the long latency period associated with asbestos exposure, mortality rates, dismissal rates, costs of medical treatment, the impact of bankruptcies of other companies that are co-defendants in claims, uncertainties surrounding the litigation process from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and from case to case, and the impact of potential changes in legislative or judicial standards. Furthermore, any predictions with respect to these variables are subject to even greater uncertainty as the projection period lengthens. In light of these inherent uncertainties, Ashland believes that the asbestos reserves for Ashland and Hercules represent the best estimate within a range of possible outcomes. As a part of the process to develop these estimates of future asbestos costs, a range of long-term cost models was developed. These models are based on national studies that predict the number of people likely to develop asbestos-related diseases and are heavily influenced by assumptions regarding long-term inflation rates for indemnity payments and legal defense costs, as well as other variables mentioned previously. Ashland has currently estimated in various models ranging from approximately 40 to 50 year periods that it is reasonably possible that total future litigation defense and claim settlement costs on an inflated and undiscounted basis could range as high as approximately 482 million for the Ashland asbestos-related litigation (current reserve of 320 million) and approximately 334 million for the Hercules asbestos-related litigation (current reserve of 217 million), depending on the combination of assumptions selected in the various models. If actual experience is worse than projected, relative to the number of claims filed, the severity of alleged disease associated with those claims or costs incurred to resolve those claims, or actuarial refinement or improvements to the assumptions used within these models are initiated, Ashland may need to further increase the estimates of the costs associated with asbestos claims and these increases could be material over time. 
 
 Long-lived assets 
 Tangible assets 
 The cost of property, plant and equipment is depreciated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Buildings are depreciated principally over 12 to 35 years and machinery and equipment principally over 2 to 25 years. Ashland reviews property, plant and equipment asset groups for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Ashland monitors these changes and events on at least a quarterly basis. Examples of events or changes in circumstances could include, but are not limited to, a prolonged economic downturn, current period operating or cash flow losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with the use of an asset group, or a current expectation that an asset group will be sold or disposed of before the end of its previously estimated useful life. Recoverability is based upon projections of anticipated future undiscounted cash flows associated with the use and eventual disposal of the property, plant and equipment asset groups, as well as specific appraisals in certain instances. Reviews occur at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of cash flows associated with other property, plant and equipment asset groups. If the future undiscounted cash flows result in a value that is less than the carrying value, then the long-lived asset is considered impaired and a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value. Various factors that Ashland uses in determining the impact of these assessments include the expected useful lives of long-lived assets and the ability to realize any undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying amounts 
 M- 39 

of such asset groups, and are affected primarily by changes in the expected use of the assets, changes in technology or development of alternative assets, changes in economic conditions, changes in operating performance and changes in expected future cash flows. Because judgment is involved in determining the fair value of property, plant and equipment asset groups, there is risk that the carrying value of these assets may require adjustment in future periods. 
 Total depreciation expense on property, plant and equipment for 2021, 2020 and 2019 was 154 million, 151 million and 188 million, respectively. Depreciation expense for 2019 included 39 million in accelerated depreciation. Capitalized interest for 2021, 2020 and 2019 was 2 million, 2 million and zero, respectively. 
 Finite-lived intangible assets 
 Finite-lived intangible assets principally consist of certain trademarks and trade names, intellectual property, and customer relationships. These intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The cost of trademarks and trade names is amortized principally over 3 to 25 years, intellectual property over 5 to 25 years and customer and supplier relationships over 3 to 24 years. Ashland reviews finite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Ashland monitors these changes and events on at least a quarterly basis. 
 Amortization expense recognized on finite-lived intangible assets was 90 million for 2021, 84 million for 2020 and 85 million for 2019. 
 Goodwill 
 Ashland accounts for goodwill and other intangible assets acquired in a business combination in conformity with current accounting guidance which does not allow for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets to be amortized. 
 Ashland reviews goodwill for impairment annually as of July 1 or when events and circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred. Ashland tests goodwill for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting units to the related carrying value. If the fair value of the reporting unit is lower than its carrying amount, goodwill is written down for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds fair value. However, the loss recognized cannot exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. Reporting units are defined as either operating segments or one level below the operating segments for which discrete financial information is available and reviewed by the business management. During the second quarter of fiscal 2020, Ashland realigned its operations which resulted in a reassessment of the Company s reporting units used to evaluate goodwill impairment. The Company s reporting units align with its reportable segments and determined that its reporting units are Life Sciences, Personal Care Household, Specialty Additives, Performance Adhesives, Intermediates and Solvents and Unallocated and Other. 
 On August 31, 2021, Ashland announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to sell its Performance Adhesives segment. Ashland determined that this expected divestiture qualified as a discontinued operation. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities that are to be sold have been classified within the Consolidated Balance Sheets under a held for sale designation. See Notes C and D for additional information on this expected divestiture. Following this announcement, Ashland determined that its new reporting segments are: Life Sciences, Personal Care Household, Specialty Additives, Intermediates and Solvents and Unallocated and Other. 
 Ashland makes various estimates and assumptions in determining the estimated fair value of each reporting unit using a combination of discounted cash flow models and valuations based on earnings multiples for guideline public companies in each reporting unit s industry peer group, when externally quoted market prices are not readily available. Discounted cash flow models are highly reliant on various assumptions, including projected business results, long-term growth factors and weighted-average cost of capital. Management judgement is involved in estimating these variables, and they include inherent uncertainties since they are forecasting future events. Ashland performs sensitivity analyses by using a range of inputs to confirm the reasonableness of the long-term growth rate and weighted average cost of capital estimates. Additionally, Ashland compares the indicated equity value to Ashland s market capitalization and evaluates the resulting implied control premium/discount to determine if the estimated enterprise value is reasonable compared to external market indicators. 
 M- 40 

Ashland performed its annual goodwill impairment using the quantitative approach as of July 1, 2021 and concluded there was no impairment as of that date. The impairment test at July 1, 2021 concluded that all reporting units had fair values significantly in excess of its respective carrying amounts. Ashland compared the total fair values of the reporting units to Ashland s market capitalization at July 1, 2021, including the implied control premium, to determine if the fair values are reasonable compared to external market indicators. Ashland believes its use of significant assumptions within its valuation models are reasonable estimates of likely future events. Subsequent to this annual impairment test, no additional indications of an impairment were identified. This includes the review of the Performance Adhesives business purchase price comparison to book value, which was significantly in excess of the Performance Adhesives business carrying value. 
 Significant assumptions inherent in the valuation methodologies include estimates of future projected business results (principally revenue and EBITDA), long-term growth rates, and the weighted-average cost of capital. Ashland performed sensitivity analyses by using a range of inputs to confirm the reasonableness of long-term growth rate and weighted average cost of capital estimates. Significant assumptions utilized in the impairment analysis included the weighted-average cost of capital, ranging between 8.8 and 10.0 , and terminal growth rate, ranging between 2.0 and 4.0 depending on the reporting unit. Based on sensitivity analysis performed on two key assumptions in the discounted cash flow model at July 1, 2021, a 1 decrease in the long-term growth factor assumption or a 1 increase in the weighted average cost of capital assumption across each of Ashland s reporting units would not have resulted in a fair value below the respective reporting units carrying value. For further information, see Note H of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Other indefinite-lived intangible assets 
 Other indefinite-lived intangible assets include certain trademarks and trade names. Ashland reviews these intangible assets for possible impairment annually as of July 1 or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If the carrying value of an individual indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, the asset is written down to its fair value and the amount of the write down is the impairment charge. Similar to its annual assessment for goodwill, Ashland performs a quantitative test for impairment. 
 When a quantitative analysis is performed, Ashland tests these assets using a relief-from-royalty valuation method to determine the fair value. Significant assumptions inherent in the valuation methodologies include, but are not limited to, future projected business results, growth rates, the weighted-average cost of capital for a market participant, and royalty and discount rates. 
 In conjunction with the July 1 annual assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets, Ashland s quantitative approach models did not indicate any impairment, as each indefinite-lived intangible asset s fair value exceeded their carrying values. 
 Ashland s assessment of an impairment on any of these assets classified currently as having indefinite lives, including goodwill, could change in future periods if significant events happen and/or circumstances change that effect the previously mentioned assumptions. Significant assumptions inherent in the valuation methodologies include, but are not limited to, such estimates as future projected business results, growth rates, the weighted average cost of capital for a market participant, and royalty and discount rates. For further information, see Note H of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 M- 41 

Income taxes 
 Ashland is subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Judgment in the forecasting of taxable income using historical and projected future operating results is required in determining Ashland s provision for income taxes and the related assets and liabilities. The provision for income taxes includes income taxes paid, currently payable or receivable, and deferred taxes. Under U.S. GAAP, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences reverse. Deferred tax assets are also recognized for the estimated future effects of tax loss and credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred taxes of changes in tax rates is recognized in the period in which the enactment date occurs. Valuation allowances are established when necessary on a jurisdictional basis to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized. Deferred taxes are not provided on the unremitted earnings of subsidiaries outside of the United States when it is expected that these earnings are indefinitely reinvested. In the event that the actual outcome of future tax consequences differs from Ashland s estimates and assumptions due to changes or future events such as tax legislation, geographic mix of earnings, completion of tax audits or earnings repatriation plans, the resulting change to the provision for income taxes could have a material effect on the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 The recoverability of deferred tax assets and the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions are subject to various assumptions and judgment by Ashland. If actual results differ from the estimates made by Ashland in establishing or maintaining valuation allowances against deferred tax assets, the resulting change in the valuation allowance would generally impact earnings or other comprehensive income depending on the nature of the respective deferred tax asset. Additionally, the positions taken with regard to tax contingencies may be subject to audit and review by tax authorities, which may result in future taxes, interest and penalties. Positive and negative evidence is considered in determining the need for a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets, which includes such evidence as historical earnings, projected future earnings, tax planning strategies and expected timing of reversal of existing temporary differences. 
 In determining the recoverability of deferred tax assets Ashland gives consideration to all available positive and negative evidence including reversals of deferred tax liabilities (other than those with an indefinite reversal period), projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. Ashland attaches the most weight to historical earnings due to their verifiable nature. In evaluating the objective evidence that historical results provide, Ashland considers three years of cumulative income or loss. In addition, Ashland has reflected increases and decreases in our valuation allowance based on the overall weight of positive versus negative evidence on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. 
 EFFECTS OF INFLATION AND CHANGING PRICES 
 Ashland s financial statements are prepared on the historical cost method of accounting in accordance with U.S. GAAP and, as a result, do not reflect changes in the purchasing power of the U.S. dollar. Monetary assets (such as cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable) lose purchasing power as a result of inflation, while monetary liabilities (such as accounts payable and indebtedness) result in a gain, because they can be settled with dollars of diminished purchasing power. As of September 30, 2021, Ashland s monetary assets exceed its monetary liabilities, leaving it currently more exposed to the effects of future inflation. However, given the recent consistent stability of inflation in the United States in the past decade as well as forward economic outlooks, current inflationary pressures seem moderate. 
 Certain of the industries in which Ashland operates are capital-intensive, and replacement costs for its plant and equipment generally would substantially exceed their historical costs. Accordingly, depreciation and amortization expense would be greater if it were based on current replacement costs. However, because replacement facilities would reflect technological improvements and changes in business strategies, such facilities would be expected to be more productive than existing facilities, mitigating at least part of the increased expense. 
 Ashland uses the LIFO method to value a relatively small portion of its inventories to provide a better matching of revenues with current costs. However, LIFO values such inventories below their replacement costs during inflationary periods. 
 OUTLOOK 
 Ashland issued its financial outlook for fiscal 2022 as shown in the table below. 
 M- 42 

FY2022 Outlook 

Key Operating Metrics 

Sales 
 
 2.25 - 2.35 billion 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 550 - 570 million 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements made under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation (MD A), within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Ashland has identified some of these forward-looking statements with words such as anticipates, believes, expects, estimates, is likely, predicts, projects, forecasts, objectives, may, will, should, plans and intends and the negative of these words or other comparable terminology. Ashland may from time to time make forward-looking statements in its Annual Report to Stockholders, quarterly reports and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), news releases and other written and oral communications. These forward-looking statements are based on Ashland s expectations and assumptions, as of the date such statements are made, regarding Ashland s future operating performance and financial condition and expected effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on Ashland s business, as well as the economy and other future events or circumstances. Ashland s expectations and assumptions include, without limitation, those mentioned within the MD A, internal forecasts and analyses of current and future market conditions and trends, management plans and strategies, operating efficiencies, cost savings and economic conditions (such as prices, supply and demand, cost of raw materials, and the ability to recover raw-material cost increases through price increases), and risks and uncertainties associated with the following: the impact of acquisitions and/or divestitures Ashland has made or may make (including the possibility that Ashland may not realize the anticipated benefits from such transactions), including the expected sale of the Performance Adhesives business; Ashland s substantial indebtedness (including the possibility that such indebtedness and related restrictive covenants may adversely affect Ashland s future cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and its ability to repay debt); execution risks associated with our growth strategies; the competitive nature of our business; severe weather, natural disasters, public health crises (including the COVID-19 pandemic), cyber events and legal proceedings and claims (including product recalls, environmental and asbestos matters); the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the geographies in which Ashland operates, the end markets Ashland serves and on Ashland s supply chain and customers; and without limitation, risks and uncertainties affecting Ashland that are contained in Use of estimates, risks and uncertainties in Note A of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and in Item 1A of this Annual Report Form 10-K. Various risks and uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially from those stated, projected or implied by any forward-looking statements. The extent and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations remains uncertain. Factors that influence the impact on our business and operations include the duration and extent of the pandemic, the extent of imposed or recommended containment and mitigation measures, and the general economic consequences of the pandemic. Ashland believes its expectations and assumptions are reasonable, but there can be no assurance that the expectations reflected herein will be achieved. Unless legally required, Ashland undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Information on Ashland s website is not incorporated into or a part of this Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITA TIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Ashland conducts business in a variety of foreign currencies. Accordingly, Ashland regularly uses foreign currency derivative instruments to manage exposure on certain transactions denominated in foreign currencies to curtail potential earnings volatility effects of certain assets and liabilities, including short-term inter-company loans, denominated in currencies other than Ashland s functional currency of an entity. These derivative contracts generally require exchange of one foreign currency for another at a fixed rate at a future date and generally have maturities of less than twelve months. All contracts are valued at fair value with net changes in fair value recorded within the selling, general and administrative expense caption. The impacts of these contracts were largely offset by gains and losses resulting from the impact of changes in exchange rates on transactions denominated in non-functional currencies. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, Ashland had not identified any significant credit risk on open derivative contracts. The potential loss from a hypothetical 10 adverse change in foreign currency rates on Ashland s open foreign currency derivative 
 M- 43 

instruments would be largely offset by gains resulting from the impact of changes in exchange rates on transactions denominated in non-functional currencies. Ashland did not have any significant open hedging contracts with respect to commodities or any related raw material requirements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 M- 44 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEME NTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Management's report on internal control over financial reporting 
 
 F- 2 

Reports of independent registered public accounting firm 

F- 3 

Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

F- 8 

Statements of Consolidated Equity 

F- 9 

Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows 

F- 10 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 11 

Quarterly financial information (unaudited) 

F- 61 

F- 1 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the Consolidated Financial Statements and other financial information included in this annual report on Form 10-K. Such financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Accounting principles are selected, and information is reported which, using management s best judgment and estimates, present fairly Ashland s consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The other financial information in this annual report on Form 10-K is consistent with the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Ashland s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Ashland s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Ashland s Consolidated Financial Statements. Ashland s internal control over financial reporting is supported by a code of business conduct which summarizes our guiding values such as obeying the law, adhering to high ethical standards and acting as responsible members of the communities where we operate. Compliance with that Code forms the foundation of our internal control systems, which are designed to provide reasonable assurance that Ashland s assets are safeguarded, and its records reflect, in all material respects, transactions in accordance with management s authorization. The concept of reasonable assurance is based on the recognition that the cost of a system of internal control should not exceed the related benefits. Management believes that adequate internal controls are maintained by the selection and training of qualified personnel, by an appropriate division of responsibility in all organizational arrangements, by the establishment and communication of accounting and business policies, and by internal audits. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and even when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 The Board, subject to stockholder ratification, selects and engages the independent auditors based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee, composed of directors who are not members of management, reviews the adequacy of Ashland s policies, procedures, controls and risk management strategies, the scope of auditing and other services performed by the independent auditors, and the scope of the internal audit function. The Committee holds meetings with Ashland s internal auditor and independent auditors, with and without management present, to discuss the findings of their audits, the overall quality of Ashland s financial reporting and their evaluation of Ashland s internal controls. The report of Ashland s Audit Committee can be found in Ashland s Proxy for its 2022 Annual Meeting. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of Ashland s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. Management conducted its assessment utilizing the framework described in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, management believes that Ashland maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. 
 Management's assessment of the effectiveness of Ashland's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 excluded Sch lke Mayr GmbH (Sch lke) which was acquired by Ashland in the third quarter of 2021. Total assets and totals sales and net income recorded by Ashland related to this acquisition represented 5 of Ashland's consolidated total assets and 1 and less than 1 of Ashland's consolidated sales and net income, respectively, as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021. Companies are allowed to exclude acquisitions from their assessment of internal control over financial reporting during the first year of an acquisition while integrating the acquired company under guidelines established by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited and reported on the Consolidated Financial Statements of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021 and the effectiveness of Ashland s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. The reports of the independent registered public accounting firm are contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 /s/ Guillermo Novo 
 Guillermo Novo 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 /s/ J. Kevin Willis 
 J. Kevin Willis 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 November 22, 2021 
 F- 2 

Report of Independe nt Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on the COSO criteria. 
 As indicated in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of the personal care business of Sch lke Mayr GmbH, which is included in the 2021 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 5 of total assets as of September 30, 2021 and 1 and less than 1 of sales and net income, respectively, for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of the personal care business of Sch lke Mayr GmbH. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes and our report dated November 22, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Grandview Heights, Ohio 
 November 22, 2021 

F- 3 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated November 22, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 F- 4 

Valuation of Environmental Remediation Reserves 

Description of the Matter 
 At September 30, 2021, the reserves for environmental remediation amounted to 207 million. As discussed within Note N of the consolidated financial statements, the reserves for environmental remediation reflect Ashland s estimates of the most likely costs that will be incurred over an extended period to remediate identified conditions for which the costs are reasonably estimable and probable of being incurred, without regard to any third-party recoveries. The Company uses engineering studies, historical experience and other factors to identify and evaluate remediation alternatives and their related costs in determining the estimated reserves for environmental remediation. Ashland regularly adjusts its reserves as environmental remediation continues. Auditing the environmental remediation reserve was complex due to inherent uncertainties that affect Ashland s ability to estimate its share of the probable costs. Such uncertainties involve assumptions regarding the nature and extent of contamination at each site, the nature and extent of required cleanup efforts under existing environmental regulations, the duration and effectiveness of the chosen remedial strategy, and changes in environmental regulations. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of relevant controls over Ashland s environmental remediation process. For example, we tested controls over the Company s annual training process for the setting of reserves, management s review of the assumptions used in determining the probability and the development of the environmental reserve estimates. We also tested management s controls over the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the reserve estimates. To test the environmental reserves, we performed audit procedures that included, among others: assessing the appropriateness of Ashland s policies and procedures and testing the significant assumptions discussed above and the underlying data used by Ashland in its analysis. We obtained an understanding of the assumptions underlying the reserves through discussions with Ashland s remediation project managers. We also involved our environmental reserve subject matter specialists to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates, including consideration of information available on regulatory databases in the public domain that was assessed for possible contrary evidence. With the support of our environmental reserve subject matter specialists, we evaluated whether the method, models and assumptions utilized in estimating the reserve balances were appropriate based on testing of engineering studies and historical experience. 

F- 5 

Valuation of Asbestos Litigation Reserve 

Description of the Matter 
 At September 30, 2021, the reserves for asbestos litigation amounted to 537 million. As discussed within Note N of the consolidated financial statements, Ashland has liabilities from claims alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos. Ashland retained third party actuarial experts to assist in developing and annually updating independent reserve estimates for future asbestos claims and related costs given various assumptions. The methodology used by the actuarial experts to project future asbestos costs is based largely on recent experience, including claim-filing and settlement rates, disease mix, enacted legislation, open claims and litigation defense. Further, the claim experience identified is compared to the results of previously conducted third party epidemiological studies estimating the number of people likely to develop asbestos-related diseases. Using that information, the Company estimates a range of the number of future claims that may be filed, as well as the related costs that may be incurred in resolving those claims. From the range of estimates, Ashland records the amount it believes to be the best estimate of future payments for litigation defense and claim settlement costs, which generally approximates the mid-point of the estimated range of exposure from model results. Ashland reviews this estimate and related assumptions quarterly and annually updates the results of a non-inflated, non-discounted approximate 50-year model developed with the assistance of the Company s third party actuarial experts. Auditing the Company s asbestos litigation reserve is complex and highly judgmental due to uncertainty associated with the estimate of projected future asbestos costs. The methodology employed by management to develop the estimate of projected future asbestos costs is subject to assumptions such as the number of claims that may be received in the future, the type and severity of disease alleged by claimant, the related costs incurred in resolving those claims, the mortality rates, and the dismissal rates. These assumptions have a significant effect on the asbestos litigation reserve. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the asbestos litigation reserves process. These include controls over management's assessment of the assumptions utilized within the estimate, management s oversight of asbestos trends including claims movement and costs incurred, and the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data utilized to project future costs. To evaluate the reasonableness of the reserve for asbestos litigation, our audit procedures included testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying claims data provided to management's actuarial experts utilized to project future costs. Additionally, we evaluated the claims and spend activity from legal letters obtained from internal and external legal counsel. Furthermore, we involved our actuarial subject matter specialists to assist in the evaluation of the methodologies and assumptions applied by management's experts as described above to determine the appropriateness of the asbestos litigation reserve, to independently prepare an estimated range of the liability. We then assessed the reasonableness of the Company's recorded reserve against our independently calculated range. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 Grandview Heights, Ohio 
 November 22, 2021 
 F- 6 

Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Years Ended September 30 

(In millions except per share data) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

Research and development expense 

Intangibles amortization expense 

Equity and other income 

Goodwill impairment - Note H 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

Net interest and other expense - Note I 

Other net periodic benefit income (expense) - Note M 

() 

Net income (loss) on acquisitions and divestitures - Notes B and C 

() 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 

() 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) - Note L 

() 

() 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

() 

() 

Income from discontinued operations (net of tax) - Note D 

Net income (loss) 

() 

PER SHARE DATA - NOTE A 

Basic earnings per share 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

() 

() 

Income from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Diluted earnings per share 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

() 

() 

Income from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) 

() 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

Unrealized translation gain (loss) 

() 

Unrealized gain on commodity hedges 

Pension and postretirement obligation adjustment 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F- 7 

Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 
 At September 30 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable (a) - Notes A and I 

Inventories - Note A 

Other assets 

Current assets held for sale - Note C 

Total current assets 

Noncurrent assets 

Property, plant and equipment - Note G 

Cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

Net property, plant and equipment 

Goodwill - Note H 

Intangibles - Note H 

Operating lease assets, net - Note K 

126 

Restricted investments - Note F 

Asbestos insurance receivable (b) - Notes A and N 

Deferred income taxes - Note L 

Noncurrent assets held for sale - Note C 

Other assets - Note J 

Total noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Equity 

Current liabilities 

Short-term debt - Note I 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Trade and other payables 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Current operating lease obligations - Note K 

Current liabilities held for sale - Note C 

Total current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 

Long-term debt - Note I 

Asbestos litigation reserve - Note N 

Deferred income taxes - Note L 

Employee benefit obligations - Note M 

Operating lease obligations - Note K 

Noncurrent liabilities held for sale - Note C 

Other liabilities - Note J 

Total noncurrent liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies - Notes K and N 

Equity - Notes O and P 

Common stock, par value per share, million shares authorized 

Issued million and million shares in 2021 and 2020 

Paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

(a) million and at September 30, 2021 and 2020 , respectively 

(b) million and at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F- 8 

Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 Statements of Con solidated Equity 

Accumulated 

other 

Common 

Paid-in 

Retained 

comprehensive 

(In millions) 
 
 stock 

capital 

earnings 

income (loss) (a) 

Total 

Balance at September 30, 2018 

() 

Adoption of new accounting pronouncements (b) 

() 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Dividends, per common share 

() 

() 

Compensation expense and common shares issued 

under stock incentive and other plans (c) (d) 

Repurchase of common stock (e) 

() 

() 

Balance at September 30, 2019 

() 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income 

Dividends, per common share 

() 

() 

Compensation expense and common shares issued 

under stock incentive and other plans (c) (d) 

Balance at September 30, 2020 

() 

Adoption of new accounting pronouncements (b) 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income 

Dividends, per common share 

() 

() 

Compensation expense and common shares issued 

under stock incentive and other plans (c) (d) 

Repurchase of common stock (e) 

() 

() 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

() 

(a)	 million and million, respectively, was comprised of net unrealized translation losses of million and million, respectively, unrecognized prior service costs as a result of certain employee benefit plan amendments of million and million, respectively, and unrealized gain on commodity hedges of million and , respectively. 
 (b)	 
 (c)	 million each in 2021, 2020 and 2019 . 
 (d)	 , , and for 2021, 2020 and 2019 , respectively. 
 (e)	 for 2021 and for 2019. 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F- 9 

Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 Statements of Conso lidated Cash Flows 
 Years Ended September 30 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Cash flows provided (used) by operating activities from continuing operations 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Income from discontinued operations (net of tax) 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile income from continuing operations to cash flows from operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Original issue discount and debt issuance cost amortization 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

Distributions from equity affiliates 

Gain from sales of property and equipment 

() 

Stock based compensation expense - Note P 

Excess tax benefits on stock based compensation 

Loss on early retirement of debt 

Income from restricted investments 

() 

() 

() 

Income on acquisitions and divestitures - Notes B and C 

() 

() 

Impairments 

Pension contributions 

() 

() 

() 

Gain on pension and other postretirement plan remeasurements 

() 

() 

Change in operating assets and liabilities (a) 

() 

Total cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations 

Cash flows provided (used) by investing activities from continuing operations 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 

Purchase of operations - net of cash acquired 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale or restructuring of operations 

Proceeds from settlement of Company-owned life insurance contracts 

Company-owned life insurance payments 

() 

() 

() 

Net purchases of funds restricted for specific transactions 

() 

() 

() 

Reimbursement from restricted investments 

Proceeds from sale of securities 

Purchase of securities 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from the settlement of derivative instruments 

Payments for the settlement of derivative instruments 

() 

Total cash flows used by investing activities from continuing operations 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows provided (used) by financing activities from continuing operations 

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 

Repayment of long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Premium on long-term debt repayment 

() 

() 

Proceeds from (repayment of) short-term debt 

() 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Cash dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Stock based compensation employee withholding taxes paid in cash 

() 

() 

() 

Total cash flows provided (used) by financing activities from continuing operations 

() 

() 

Cash provided (used) by continuing operations 

() 

() 

Cash provided (used) by discontinued operations 

Operating cash flows 

() 

Investing cash flows 

() 

Total cash provided (used) by discontinued operations 

Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents - end of year 

Changes in assets and liabilities (a) 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

() 

Trade and other payables 

() 

() 

Other assets and liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Change in operating assets and liabilities 

() 

Supplemental disclosures 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

(a)	 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F- 10 

Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 to owned affiliates where Ashland has the ability to exert significant influence are accounted for under the equity method. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Additionally, certain prior period data, primarily related to discontinued operations, have been reclassified in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes to conform to the current period presentation. On August 30, 2019, Ashland completed the sale of its Composites business (excluding Ashland s maleic anhydride business (Maleic business)) and its butanediol facility in Marl, Germany (Marl facility) to INEOS Enterprises (INEOS). On September 30, 2020, Ashland completed the sale of its Maleic business to AOC Materials LLC (AOC). This disposal group represented a strategic shift in Ashland s business and qualified as a discontinued operation. Accordingly, Composites (including the Maleic business) and the Marl facility assets, liabilities, operating results and cash flows for all periods presented have been classified as discontinued operations within the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Notes C and D for additional information on the Composites business and Marl facility. On August 31, 2021, Ashland announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to sell substantially all of the assets and liabilities of its Performance Adhesives segment to Arkema, a French soci t anonyme. This expected divestiture represents a strategic shift in Ashland's business and qualified as a discontinued operation. As a result, the assets, liabilities, operating results and cash flows related to Performance Adhesives have been classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented within the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Notes C and D for additional information on this expected divestiture. As a result of classifying the Performance Adhesives reporting segment as a discontinued operation, Ashland is now comprised of the following reportable segments: Life Sciences, Personal Care Household, Specialty Additives and Intermediates and Solvents. Unallocated and Other includes corporate governance activities and certain legacy matters. See Note R for more information. 

Adjustments to allowances for credit losses 

Reserves utilized 

() 

() 

Allowance for credit losses - end of year 

million at September 30, 2021 and million at September 30, 2020 are valued at cost using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method. LIFO reserves were not significant as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Raw materials, supplies and work in process 

Adjustments to inventory reserves 

Reserves utilized 

() 

() 

() 

Inventory reserves - end of year 

to and machinery and equipment principally over to . Such costs are periodically reviewed for recoverability when impairment indicators are present. Such indicators include, among other factors, operating losses, unused capacity, market value declines and technological obsolescence. Recorded values of asset groups of property, plant and equipment that are not expected to be recovered through undiscounted future net cash flows are written down to current fair value, which generally is determined from estimated discounted future net cash flows (assets held for use) or net realizable value (assets held for sale). See Note G for additional information related to property, plant and equipment. 
 months or less at inception are not recorded within the Consolidated Balance Sheet and are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term within the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). The lease term is determined by assuming the exercise of renewal options that are reasonably certain. As most leases do not provide an implicit interest rate, Ashland used its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. When contracts contain lease and non-lease components, Ashland generally accounts for both components as a single lease component. For additional information, see Note K for additional information on leasing arrangements. 
 Finite-lived intangible assets principally consist of certain trademarks and trade names, intellectual property, and customer lists. These intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The cost of trademarks and trade names is amortized principally over to , intellectual property over to and customer and supplier relationships over to . Ashland reviews finite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Ashland monitors these changes and events on at least a quarterly basis. The Intangibles Amortization Expense presented within the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) includes amortization expense related to trademarks and trade names, intellectual property and customer and supplier relationships. Intangible assets classified as finite are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. For further information on goodwill and other intangible assets, see Note H. 
 
 million (the January 2015 asbestos insurance settlement). During 2015, Ashland placed million of the settlement funds into a renewable annual trust for asbestos (Asbestos trust) that Ashland determined is restricted for the purpose of paying ongoing and future litigation defense and claim settlement costs incurred in conjunction with asbestos claims. These funds are presented primarily as noncurrent assets within the restricted investments caption of the Consolidated Balance Sheets, with million and million classified within other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020 , the funds within the Asbestos trust had a balance of million and million, respectively, and were primarily invested in public equity, U.S. government bonds and investment grade corporate bond investments with a portion maintained in demand deposits. On September 8, 2021, Ashland established a renewable annual trust for environmental remediation (Environmental trust) that Ashland determined is restricted for ongoing and future environmental remediation and related litigation costs. These funds are presented primarily as noncurrent assets within the restricted investments caption of the Consolidated Balance Sheets, with million classified within other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 . As of September 30, 2021, the funds within the Environmental trust had a balance of million and were primarily invested in public equity, U.S. government bonds and investment grade corporate bond investments with a portion maintained in demand deposits. The funds within these trusts are classified as investment securities reported at fair value. Interest income and gains and losses on the investment securities are reported in the net interest and other expense caption in the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). See Note F for additional information regarding the fair value of these investments within the trusts. 
 Ashland s revenue is measured as the amount of consideration it expects to receive in exchange for transferring goods or providing services and is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied under the terms of contracts with customers. Ashland generally utilizes standardized language for the terms of contracts, unless a separate agreement has been entered into with a customer that supersedes the standard language. A performance obligation is deemed to be satisfied by Ashland when control of the product or service is transferred to the customer. The transaction price of a contract, or the amount Ashland expects to receive upon satisfaction of all performance obligations, is determined by reference to the contract s terms and includes adjustments, if applicable, for any variable consideration, such as volume discounts, rebates, refunds and rights to return. Where a contract contains more than one distinct performance obligation, the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation based on the standalone selling price of each performance obligation, although these situations do not occur frequently and are generally not included within Ashland s contracts. Any unsatisfied performance obligations were not material at September 30, 2021. Standalone selling prices are based on prices Ashland charges to customers, which in some cases are based on established market prices. Ashland generally collects the cash from its customers within days of the product delivery date. Sales and other similar taxes collected from customers on behalf of third parties are excluded from the contract price. All of Ashland s revenue is derived from contracts with customers, and nearly all contracts with customers contain one performance obligation for the transfer of goods where such performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time. Control of a product is deemed to be transferred to the customer generally upon shipment or delivery. Costs for shipping and handling activities, whether performed before or after the customer obtains control of the goods, are accounted for as fulfillment costs when not reimbursed. Costs incurred to obtain contracts with customers have historically not been significant and are expensed immediately as the period of performance is generally one year or less. Ashland records bad debt expense in specific situations when it is determined that the customer is unable to meet its financial obligation. 
 million in 2021 , million in 2020 and million in 2019) and research and development costs million in 2021, million in 2020 and million in 2019 are expensed as incurred. 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Tax valuation allowances - beginning of year 

Adjustments to valuation allowances 

Reserves utilized 

() 

() 

() 

Tax valuation allowances - end of year 

million for 2021 , million for 2020 and million for 2019. 

(In millions except per share data) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Numerator 

Numerator for basic and diluted EPS - 

Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax 

() 

() 

Denominator 

Denominator for basic EPS - Weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Share based awards convertible to common shares (a) 

Denominator for diluted EPS - Adjusted weighted - average shares and assumed conversions 

EPS from continuing operations 

Basic 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

(a) million share-based awards convertible to common shares would be antidilutive. In accordance with US GAAP, they have been excluded from the diluted EPS calculation. 

. Ashland did not elect to reclassify the disproportionate amount in AOCI to retained earnings. Ashland estimated the impact of this guidance to be approximately million. Ashland s accounting policy for releasing income tax effects from AOCI is under the individual units of account method for items sold, terminated or extinguished from AOCI. In August 2017, the FASB issued accounting guidance amending the existing hedge accounting model to simplify various hedge documentation requirements while also expanding hedging abilities for certain nonfinancial and financial risk components. This guidance became effective for Ashland on and had on the Consolidated Financial Statements. In June 2016, the FASB issued amended accounting guidance related to the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments. The amended accounting guidance changes the impairment model for most financial assets to require measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held. This guidance became effective for Ashland on . As a result, Ashland recorded a million increase in its allowance for credit losses, primarily related to asbestos receivables, and a million decrease to retained earnings, net of tax, reflecting the cumulative effect on retained earnings. Under the new expected credit loss model, Ashland records an allowance for credit losses inherent in its receivables from revenue transactions and reinsurance recoverables. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account deducted from the amortized cost basis of the assets to present their net carrying value at the amount expected to be collected. Ashland estimates expected credit losses based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. When measuring expected credit losses, Ashland pools assets with similar country risk and credit risk characteristics. Each period the allowance for credit losses is adjusted through earnings to reflect expected credit losses over the remaining lives of the assets. No significant credit losses were incurred in 2021. In October 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which requires entities to recognize income tax effects on intercompany transfers of assets other than inventory when the transfer occurs. This guidance eliminates the exception under previous U.S. GAAP that the income tax effects of all intercompany transfers of assets other than inventory be deferred until the assets are sold to a third party or otherwise recovered through use. This guidance became effective for Ashland on and was applied using a modified retrospective approach. Consequently, Ashland recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment to reclassify less than million from other current assets and deferred taxes to retained earnings. In January 2016, the FASB issued accounting guidance related to the recognition and measurement as well as the presentation and disclosures for certain financial instruments. Most notably, the guidance requires entities to measure equity investments as fair value and to recognize any changes in fair value in net income rather than accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI). The guidance became effective for Ashland on and resulted in Ashland recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to reclassify net after-tax unrealized gains of million on its equity securities from AOCI to retained earnings. In the current period, the adoption of this guidance resulted in a significant impact to net income as Ashland recognized investment gains of million, million and million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, within the net interest and other expense caption on the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). The impact of this guidance could continue to have a material impact on Ashland's Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) in prospective periods depending on the fluctuations of unrealized gains and losses within the investment securities portfolio. For current and future periods, the changes in fair value of the equity securities will no longer be classified within other comprehensive income under the new guidance. For further information on Ashland's equity securities, see Note F. 

F- 18 

million. Ashland incurred acquisition related transaction cost of million during the twelve months ended September 30, 2021, which are recorded within the net income on acquisitions and divestitures caption within the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). Within this same caption, Ashland recognized income of million during the year ended September 30, 2021, associated with gains on foreign derivative exchange contracts entered into to mitigate the exposure of the Euro dominated purchase price. 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Net property, plant and equipment 

Goodwill 

Intangibles 

Liabilities: 

Trade and other payables 

() 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

Employee benefit obligations 

() 

Total purchase price (a) 

(a) million. 

Adjustments to the current fair value estimates in the above table may occur as the process conducted for various valuations and assessments, including certain tangible and intangible assets, are finalized. Goodwill was calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and represents the estimated future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. The factors contributing to the recognition of goodwill were based on strategic and synergistic benefits that are expected to be realized from the acquisition. A portion of the goodwill associated with foreign asset deal entities is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Intangible assets identified The purchase price allocation included million of certain definite-lived intangible assets which are being amortized over the estimated useful life in proportion to the economic benefits consumed. The determination of the useful lives is based upon various industry studies, historical acquisition experience, economic factors, and future cash flows of the combined company. In addition, Ashland reviewed certain technological trends and also considered the relative stability and retention rates in the current Sch lke personal care customer base. 

Weighted-average 

amortization period 

Intangible asset type (in millions) 
 
 Value 

(years) 

Trademarks and trade names 

Intellectual property 

Customer and supplier relationships 

Total 

billion. The transaction is expected to close prior to the end of the March 31, 2022 quarter, contingent on certain customary regulatory approvals, standard closing conditions and completion of required employee information and consultation processes. Upon the closing of this transaction, Ashland expects to recognize a gain within the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). Since this transaction represents a strategic shift in Ashland s business and had a major effect on Ashland s operations and financial results, the operating results and cash flows related to Performance Adhesives have been reflected as discontinued operations in the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows, while the assets and liabilities that are to be sold have been classified within the Consolidated Balance Sheets under a held for sale designation. See Note D for the results of operations for Performance Adhesives for all periods presented. Certain indirect corporate costs included within the selling, general and administrative expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) that were previously allocated to the Performance Adhesives segment do not qualify for classification within discontinued operations and are now reported as selling, general and administrative expense within continuing operations on a consolidated basis and within the Unallocated and other segment. These costs were million, million and million during the twelve months ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 respectively. Subsequent to the completion of the sale, Ashland expects to provide certain transition services to Arkema for a fee. While the transition services are expected to vary in duration depending upon the type of service provided, Ashland expects to reduce costs as the transition services are completed. Composites and Marl facility On November 15, 2018, Ashland announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to sell its Composites segment and Intermediates and Solvents Marl facility to INEOS Enterprises (INEOS) in a transaction valued at billion. Ashland retained the remaining Intermediates and Solvents facility in Lima, Ohio primarily for its own internal business use. In late July of 2019, Ashland and INEOS agreed to certain additional changes to the sale agreement. As part of the proposed changes, the purchase price was adjusted to billion while Ashland retained the right to the Maleic business, including the retention of any subsequent sale proceeds. On August 30, 2019, Ashland completed the sale of its Composites business (excluding the Maleic business) and butanediol manufacturing facility in Marl, Germany to INEOS. Net proceeds from the sale were approximately billion and were used primarily for debt reductions. Approximately billion of debt had been retired by September 30, 2019. As a result of the sale, Ashland recognized a million after-tax gain within the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) within the income from discontinued operations caption for the twelve months ended September 30, 2019. On September 30, 2020, Ashland completed the sale of its Maleic business to AOC. Net proceeds from the sale were approximately million. As a result of the sale, Ashland recognized a million after-tax gain within the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) within the income from discontinued operations caption for the twelve months ended September 30, 2020. Since this disposal group signified a strategic shift in Ashland s business and had a major effect on Ashland s operations and financial results, the operating results and cash flows related to Composites and the Marl facility, including the Maleic business, have been reflected as discontinued operations in the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. See Note D of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the results of operations for Composites and the Marl facility, including the Maleic business, for all periods presented. Certain indirect corporate costs included within the selling, general and administrative expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) that were previously allocated to the Composites segment and Marl facility do not qualify for classification within discontinued operations and are now reported as selling, general and administrative expense within continuing operations on a consolidated basis and within the Unallocated and other segment. These costs were for the twelve months ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and million during the twelve months ended September 30, 2019. Subsequent to the completion of the sale, Ashland is providing certain transition services to INEOS for a fee. While the transition services are expected to vary in duration depending upon the type of service provided, Ashland expects to reduce costs as the transition services are completed. Ashland recognized transition service fee income of million, and million during the twelve months ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Other manufacturing facility sales During 2020, Ashland entered into a definitive sale agreement to sell a Specialty Additives facility, the assets and liabilities of which were classified as held for sale as of September 30, 2020. During 2021, Ashland completed the sale of the Specialty Additives facility. Net proceeds received from the sale were approximately million million and million received during the twelve months September 30 2021 and 2020, respectively). The company recognized a pre-tax gain of million recorded within the Net income (loss) on acquisitions and divestitures caption in the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the twelve months ended September 30, 2021. Ashland determined this transaction did not qualify for discontinued operations treatment since it did not represent a strategic shift that had or will have a major effect on Ashland s operations and financial results. Other assets Ashland sometimes pursues options to divest corporate assets, primarily related to land and buildings. When sales for these assets are expected to close within 12 months, they are classified as held for sale. The net asset values related to these sites was million and million for September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During 2019, a million impairment charge was recorded within the selling, general and administrative expense caption of the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) for one of these corporate assets. During 2020, Ashland completed the sale of an office building with a net book value of million and received net proceeds of million. As a result, Ashland recognized a loss of million before tax. The loss was reported within the net income (loss) on acquisitions and divestitures caption within the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) for 2020. Held for sale classification 

Inventories 

Net property, plant and equipment 

Goodwill 

Operating lease assets, net 

Other assets 

Current assets held for sale 

Net property, plant and equipment 

Goodwill 

Intangibles 

Operating lease assets, net 

Other noncurrent assets 

Noncurrent assets held for sale 

Trade and other payables 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Current operating lease obligations 

Operating lease obligations 

Current labilities held for sale 

Operating lease obligations 

Deferred income taxes 

Noncurrent liabilities held for sale 

Ashland is subject to liabilities from claims alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos. Such claims result primarily from indemnification obligations undertaken in 1990 in connection with the sale of Riley Stoker Corporation (Riley), a former subsidiary, which qualified as a discontinued operation and from the acquisition during 2009 of Hercules LLC (formerly Hercules Incorporated), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Ashland. Adjustments to the recorded litigation reserves and related insurance receivables are recorded within the discontinued operations caption. See Note N for more information related to the adjustments on asbestos liabilities and receivables. During 2017, Ashland completed the IPO of Valvoline Inc. (Valvoline). Ashland determined that this sale qualified as a discontinued operation, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, since Ashland does not have significant continuing involvement in the Valvoline business. Ashland has made subsequent adjustments to the discontinued operations caption related to the separation. During 2014, Ashland completed the sale of the Ashland Water Technologies (Water Technologies) business. Ashland determined that this sale qualified as a discontinued operation, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, since Ashland does not have significant continuing involvement in the Water Technologies business. Ashland has made subsequent adjustments to the discontinued operations caption related to the sale. During 2011, Ashland completed the sale of substantially all of the assets and certain liabilities of its global distribution business, which previously comprised the Ashland Distribution (Distribution) reportable segment. Ashland determined that this sale qualified as a discontinued operation, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, since Ashland does not have significant continuing involvement in the Distribution business. Ashland has made subsequent adjustments to the discontinued operations caption related to the sale. Due to the ongoing assessment of certain matters associated with previous divestitures, subsequent adjustments to these divestitures may continue in future periods in the discontinued operations caption in the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss).) 

Performance Adhesives 

Valvoline 

() 

() 

Asbestos-related litigation 

() 

() 

Water Technologies 

() 

() 

Distribution 

() 

() 

Gain on disposal of discontinued operations 

Composites/Marl facility 

() 

Water Technologies 

Income before taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Benefit (expense) related to income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Composites/Marl facility 

() 

() 

Performance Adhesives 

() 

() 

() 

Valvoline 

Asbestos-related litigation 

Water Technologies 

Distribution 

() 

Expense related to gain on disposal of discontinued operations 

Composites/Marl facility 

() 

() 

Income from discontinued operations (net of taxes) 

Performance adhesives divestiture 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Income(loss) from discontinued operations attributable to Performance Adhesives 

Sales 

Cost of sales 

() 

() 

() 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

() 

() 

() 

Research and development expense 

() 

() 

() 

Intangible amortization expense 

() 

() 

() 

Pretax operating income of discontinued operations 

Other net periodic benefit income (costs) 

() 

() 

Pretax income of discontinued operations 

Income tax expense 

() 

() 

() 

Income from discontinued operations 

Composites and Marl divestiture 

Cost of sales 

() 

() 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

() 

() 

Research and development expense 

() 

Equity and other income 

Pretax operating income of discontinued operations 

Net interest and other financing expense 

() 

Other net periodic benefit income (costs) 

() 

Pretax income of discontinued operations 

Income tax expense 

() 

() 

Income from discontinued operations 

million and expense of million, respectively, attributable to executive management changes and business management changes within the organization. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the severance reserves associated with this transition were million and million, respectively. 

(In millions) 
 
 Severance costs 

Balance as of September 30, 2019 

Restructuring reserve 

Utilization (cash paid) 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2020 

Restructuring reserve 

() 

Utilization (cash paid) 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2021 

Impairments During 2021, Ashland incurred million of asset impairment charges related to restructuring activities at a plant originating from the shutdown of a product line recorded within the cost of sales caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). In addition, Ashland incurred a million capital project impairment recorded within the selling, general and administrative expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). Fiscal 2019 plant restructuring costs During 2019, Specialty Additives committed to a cost reduction plan within an existing manufacturing facility. As a result, Ashland incurred restructuring charges of million for 2019. The charges were recorded primarily within the cost of sales caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) consisting of million of accelerated depreciation and amortization, million of severance and million of plant closure costs during 2019. As of September 30, 2021, there was restructuring reserve related to this plant restructuring as this program has been completed. Fiscal 2018 restructuring costs Severance costs During 2018, Ashland announced and initiated a company-wide restructuring program as a result of ongoing strategic asset plans and activities. As part of this restructuring program, Ashland announced a voluntary severance offer (VSO) to certain qualifying employees that were formally approved during 2018. Additionally, during 2018, an involuntary program for employees was also initiated as part of the restructuring program. The VSO and involuntary programs resulted in expense of , million and million being recognized during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which were primarily recorded within the selling, general and administrative expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). As of September 30, 2021, the severance reserve for the company-wide restructuring program was as this program was completed during fiscal 2020. 

Restructuring reserve 

Utilization (cash paid) 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2020 

Level 1 Observable inputs such as unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. Level 3 Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability for which there is little, if any, market activity at the measurement date. Unobservable inputs reflect Ashland s own assumptions about what market participants would use to price the asset or liability. The inputs are developed based on the best information available in the circumstances, which might include Ashland s own financial data such as internally developed pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, as well as instruments for which the fair value determination requires significant management judgment. For assets that are measured using quoted prices in active markets (Level 1), the total fair value is the published market price per unit multiplied by the number of units held without consideration of transaction costs. Assets and liabilities that are measured using significant other observable inputs (Level 2) are primarily valued by reference to quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets, adjusted for any terms specific to that asset or liability. For all other assets and liabilities for which unobservable inputs are used (Level 3), fair value is derived through the use of fair value models, such as a discounted cash flow model or other standard pricing models that Ashland deems reasonable. 

Restricted investments (a) (b) 

Investments of captive insurance company (c) 

Foreign currency derivatives 

Commodity derivatives (d) 

Total assets at fair value 

Liabilities 

Foreign currency derivatives 

(a)	 million within other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. (b)	 million related to the Asbestos trust and million related to the Environmental trust. See Note A for additional details. (c)	 (d)	 The following table summarizes financial instruments subject to recurring fair value measurements as of September 30, 2020. 

Quoted prices 

in active 

Significant 

markets for 

other 

Significant 

identical 

observable 

unobservable 

Carrying 

Total fair 

assets 

inputs 

inputs 

(In millions) 
 
 value 

value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted investments (a) 

Investments of captive insurance company (b) 

Foreign currency derivatives 

Total assets at fair value 

Liabilities 

Foreign currency derivatives 

(a)	 million within other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. (b)	 
 Restricted investments As discussed in Note A, Ashland maintains certain investments in a company restricted renewable annual trust for the purpose of paying future asbestos indemnity and defense costs and future environmental remediation and related litigation costs. In fiscal 2020, all restricted investments related to the asbestos trust. The financial instruments are designated as investment securities, classified as Level 1 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. These securities were classified primarily as noncurrent restricted investment assets, with million and million classified within other current assets, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the periods ended in September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Accumulated adjustments, net 

() 

() 

Adjusted cost, beginning of year (a) 

Investment income (b) 

Net unrealized gain (c) 

Realized gain (c) 

Funds restricted for specific transactions (d) 

Disbursements 

() 

() 

Fair value 

(a)	 (b)	 (c)	 (d)	 million to establish the environmental trust in fiscal 2021. The following table presents gross unrealized gains and losses for the restricted securities as of September 30, 2021 and 2020: 

Gross 

Gross 

(In millions) 
 
 Adjusted Cost 

Unrealized Gain 

Unrealized Loss 

Fair Value 

As of September 30, 2021 

Demand Deposit 

Equity Mutual Fund 

() 

Fixed Income Mutual Fund 

() 

Fair value 

() 

As of September 30, 2020 

Demand Deposit 

Equity Mutual Fund 

() 

Fixed Income Mutual Fund 

Fair value 

() 

Net gains (losses) (a) 

Disbursements 

() 

() 

() 

(a)	 
 Foreign currency derivatives Ashland conducts business in a variety of foreign currencies. Accordingly, Ashland regularly uses foreign currency derivative instruments to manage exposure on certain transactions denominated in foreign currencies to curtail potential earnings volatility effects of certain assets and liabilities, including short-term inter-company loans denominated in currencies other than Ashland s functional currency of an entity. These derivative contracts generally require exchange of one foreign currency for another at a fixed rate at a future date and generally have maturities of less than twelve months. All contracts are valued at fair value with net changes in fair value recorded within the selling, general and administrative expense caption. The impacts of these contracts were largely offset by gains and losses resulting from the impact of changes in exchange rates on transactions denominated in non-functional currencies. 

(a)	 million gain reported within the net income (loss) from acquisitions and divestitures captured for fiscal 2021. 

Notional contract values 

Foreign currency derivative liabilities 

Notional contract values 

Commodity derivatives To manage its exposure to the market price volatility of natural gas consumed by its US plants during the manufacturing process, Ashland regularly enters into forward contracts that are designated as cash flow hedges. See Note A for more information. 

At September 30, 2021 , Ashland's outstanding commodity derivatives had a notional value of million and a fair value of million. Outstanding commodity derivatives were not significant at September 30, 2020. Other financial instruments At September 30, 2021 and 2020 , Ashland s long-term debt (including the current portion and excluding debt issuance cost discounts) had a carrying values of million and million, respectively, compared to a fair value of million and million, respectively. The fair values of long-term debt are based on quoted market prices or, if market prices are not available, the present values of the underlying cash flows discounted at Ashland s incremental borrowing rates, which are deemed to be Level 2 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. 

Buildings 

Machinery and equipment 

Construction in progress 

Total property, plant and equipment (gross) 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Total property, plant and equipment (net) 

Capitalized interest 

Accelerated Depreciation During 2019, Ashland committed to a cost reduction plan within an existing manufacturing facility. As a result, depreciation included million of accelerated depreciation for the remaining value of this facility primarily related to machinery and equipment. See Note E for additional information related to this facility. This charge related to the Specialty Additives reportable segment and was recorded primarily within the cost of sales caption of the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) for 2019. In 2019, depreciation also included million accelerated depreciation within Unallocated and other and was recorded within the selling, general and administrative expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income. 

 segments are: Life Sciences, Personal Care Household, Specialty Additives, Intermediates and Solvents and Unallocated and Other. During the second quarter of fiscal 2020, Ashland realigned its operations which resulted in a reassessment of Ashland s reporting units used to evaluate goodwill impairment. Ashland s reporting units at that time were aligned with its reportable segments: Life Sciences, Personal Care Household, Specialty Additives, Performance Adhesives, Intermediates and Solvents and Unallocated and Other. In conjunction with the realignment during the second quarter of fiscal 2020, Ashland tested goodwill for impairment for each reporting unit both immediately before and immediately after the business realignment. The impairment test under the new reporting unit structure concluded that the carrying value of the Personal Care Household and the Specialty Additives reporting units exceeded their fair value, resulting in a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of million, which was recorded within the Goodwill impairment caption within the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended September 30, 2020. 

Impairment 

() 

() 

() 

Currency translation and other (b) 

Balance at September 30, 2020 

Acquisitions (c) 

Currency translation and other 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

(a) million related to the Intermediates and Solvents reportable segment. 

 (b) million of goodwill related to a Specialty Additives facility that was reclassified to held for sale. See Note C for additional information. 

 (c) 

Other intangible assets to , intellectual property over to , and customer and supplier relationships over to . 

() 

() 

Intellectual property 

() 

() 

Customer and supplier relationships 

() 

() 

Total definite-lived intangible assets 

() 

() 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets 

Trademarks and trade names 

Total intangible assets 

(879) 

(792) 

Amortization expense recognized on intangible assets was million for 2021 , million for 2020 and million for 2019, and is included in the intangibles amortization expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income. As of September 30, 2021 , all of Ashland s intangible assets that had a carrying value were being amortized except for certain trademarks and trade names that have been determined to have indefinite lives. Estimated amortization expense for future periods is million in 2022, million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025 and million in 2026. The amortization expense for future periods is an estimate. Actual amounts may change from such estimated amounts due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, additional intangible asset acquisitions and divestitures, potential impairment, accelerated amortization, or other events. Goodwill and Other Intangible assets Ashland s assessment of an impairment on any of these assets classified currently as having indefinite lives, including goodwill, could change in future periods if significant events happen and/or circumstances change that effect the previously mentioned assumptions such as: a significant change in projected business result, a divestiture decision, increase in Ashland s weighted-average cost of capital rates, decrease in growth rates or assumptions, economic deterioration that is more severe or of a longer duration than anticipated, or another significant economic event. 

 notes, due 

Senior Notes, due 

Senior Notes, due (Euro million principal) 

notes, due 

Term loan A 

Accounts receivable securitizations 

junior subordinated notes, due 

Revolving credit facility 

Other (a) 

Total debt 

Short-term debt (includes current portion of long-term debt) 

() 

() 

Long-term debt (less current portion and debt issuance costs) 

(a) million and million of debt issuance costs as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. Additionally, as of both September 30, 2021 and 2020, Other included a European short-term loan facility with an outstanding balance of million. 

At September 30, 2021 , Ashland s total debt had an outstanding principal balance of million, discounts of million and debt issuance costs of million. The scheduled aggregate maturities of long-term debt for the next five fiscal years (including the current portion and excluding debt issuance costs) are as follows: million in 2022, million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025 and in 2026. Credit Agreements and Refinancing Note Issuance and existing notes tender During August 2021, a subsidiary of Ashland, Ashland LLC, completed the issuance of senior unsecured notes due with an aggregate principal amount of million (the 2031 Notes). The notes are senior unsecured obligations of Ashland LLC and initially guaranteed on an unsecured basis by Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Ashland used the net proceeds of the offering (after deducting initial purchasers' discounts and other fees and expenses) to redeem its obligations under the existing senior notes due described below in debt repayments, and to pay fees and expenses associated therewith. Ashland incurred million of new debt issuance costs in connection with the 2031 Notes, which is amortized using the effective interest method over the Notes' term and was included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). During January 2020, a subsidiary of Ashland, Ashland Services B.V., completed the issuance of senior unsecured notes due with an aggregate principal amount of million (the 2028 Notes). The notes are senior unsecured obligations of Ashland Services B.V and initially guaranteed on an unsecured basis by each of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Ashland LLC. Ashland used the net proceeds of the offering (after deducting initial purchasers discounts and other fees and expenses), together with the proceeds of the new term loan facility and other funds of Ashland LLC or its subsidiaries, to repurchase the existing notes described below in cash tender offers, and to pay fees and expenses associated therewith. Ashland incurred million of new debt issuance costs in connection with the 2028 Notes, which is amortized using the effective interest method over the Notes term. 2020 Credit Agreement During January 2020, Ashland LLC and Ashland Services B.V., subsidiaries of Ashland, entered into a new senior unsecured credit agreement (the 2020 Credit Agreement) with a group of lenders, replacing the 2017 Credit Agreement. The 2020 Credit Agreement provides for (i) a million unsecured revolving credit facility (the 2020 Revolving Credit Facility) and (ii) a million unsecured term loan facility (the 2020 Term Loan Facility). The 2020 Credit Agreement is guaranteed by Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Ashland Chemco Inc., and the obligations of Ashland Services B.V. under the 2020 Revolving Credit Facility are guaranteed by Ashland LLC. Proceeds of borrowings under the 2020 Revolving Credit Facility were used to refinance the Ashland s existing 2017 Credit Agreement, to provide ongoing working capital and for other general corporate purposes. The proceeds under the 2020 Term Loan Facility were used to refinance a portion of Ashland s outstanding Senior Notes due , Senior Notes due and Hercules LLC s junior subordinated debentures. At Ashland s option, loans issued under the 2020 Credit Agreement bear interest at either LIBOR or an alternate base rate, in each case plus the applicable interest rate margin. Loans initially bear interest at LIBOR plus per annum, in the case of LIBOR borrowings, or at the alternate base rate plus , in the alternative, through and including the date of delivery of a quarterly compliance certificate and thereafter the interest rate will fluctuate between LIBOR plus per annum and LIBOR plus per annum (or between the alternate base rate plus per annum and the alternate base rate plus annum), based upon the consolidated net leverage ratio (as defined in the 2020 Credit Agreement) at such time. In addition, Ashland is initially required to pay fees of per annum on the daily unused amount of the 2020 Revolving Facility through and including the date of delivery of a compliance certificate, and thereafter the fee rate will fluctuate between and per annum, based upon the consolidated net leverage ratio. The Credit Facilities may be prepaid at any time without premium. The term loan A (TLA) Facility will not amortize in each of the first and second years and will amortize at a rate of per annum, per annum and per annum in the third, fourth and fifth years, respectively (payable in equal quarterly installments), with the outstanding balance of the TLA Facility to be paid on . The 2020 Credit Agreement contains financial covenants for leverage and interest coverage ratios akin to those in effect under the 2017 Credit Agreement. The 2020 Credit Agreement contains usual and customary representations, warranties and affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants for leverage and interest coverage ratios, limitations on liens, additional indebtedness, further negative pledges, investments, mergers, sale of assets and restricted payments, and other customary limitations. Ashland incurred million of new debt issuance costs in connection with the 2020 Credit Agreement, of which million was expensed immediately during 2020 within the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). The remaining balance is amortized using either the effective interest method or straight-line method. Financing activity related to the 2017 Credit Agreement During 2019, Ashland utilized proceeds from the sale of its Composites business (excluding the Maleic business) and the Marl facility to repay the remaining principal balance of the TLA Facility and the TLB Facility. As a result of these repayments, Ashland recognized accelerated amortization of previously capitalized debt issuance costs of million during 2019, which was included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). During January 2020, Ashland entered into the 2020 Credit Agreement, replacing the 2017 Credit Agreement. As a result of the termination of the 2017 Credit Agreement, Ashland recognized a million charge for accelerated amortization of previously capitalized debt issuance costs during 2020, which is included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). Debt repayments and repurchases Cash repatriation During 2021 and 2020, Ashland repatriated approximately million and million (including the proceeds of the 2020 senior notes due 2028), respectively, in cash that was primarily used to repay existing debt, principally portions of the senior notes due , the senior notes due and the junior notes in 2020 and the TLA Facility and TLB Facility in 2019 (as previously discussed). 2021 Debt repayments and repurchases Redemption of 4.750 senior notes due 2022 During 2021, Ashland redeemed all of its outstanding senior notes due (the 2022 Notes), of which approximately million were outstanding. Ashland recognized a million charge related to accelerated accretion on debt discounts and accelerated amortization of previously capitalized debt issuance costs, which is included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). Proceeds from the 2031 Notes were used to pay for the redemption. Total premiums paid for all the tender offers in 2021 noted above were million, which is included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). 2020 Debt repayments and repurchases Tender offers of 4.750 senior notes due 2022 During 2020, Ashland executed tender offers of the 2022 Notes. As a result of these repurchases, the carrying values of the 2022 Notes was reduced by million. Ashland recognized a million charge related to accelerated accretion on debt discounts and accelerated amortization of previously capitalized debt issuance costs, which is included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). Tender offers of 6.875 notes due 2043 During 2020, Ashland executed tender offers of its notes due (the 2043 Notes). As a result of these repurchases, the carrying values of the 2043 Notes was reduced by million. Ashland recognized a million charge related to accelerated accretion on debt premiums and accelerated amortization of previously capitalized debt issuance costs, which is included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). Tender offers of 6.500 Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2029 During 2020, Ashland executed tender offers of Hercules LLC s junior subordinated debentures due (the 2029 Junior Debentures). As a result of these repurchases, the carrying values of the 2029 Junior Debentures was reduced by million. Total premiums paid for all the tender offers in 2020 noted above were million, which is included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). 2019 Debt repayments and repurchases Repayment of the Term loan A due 2022 During 2019, Ashland repaid all of the outstanding principal balance of its term loan A for a total of million. As a result of these repayments, Ashland recognized accelerated amortization of previously capitalized debt issuance costs of million during 2019, which was included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). Repayment of the Term loan B due 2024 During 2019, Ashland repaid all of the outstanding principal balance of its term loan B for a total of million. As a result of these repayments, Ashland recognized accelerated amortization of previously capitalized debt issuance costs of million during 2019, which was included in the net interest and other expense caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). Redemption of 9.35 notes due 2019 During 2019, Ashland redeemed all of its outstanding medium term notes due , of which approximately million were outstanding. Cash on hand was used to pay for the redemption. Open market repurchases of 4.750 notes due 2022 and 6.875 notes due 2043 During 2019, Ashland executed open market repurchases of its notes due (2022 Senior Notes) and its notes due (2043 Senior Notes). As a result of these repurchases, the carrying values of the 2022 and 2043 Senior Notes were reduced by million and million, respectively. Accounts receivable facilities and off-balance sheet arrangements U.S. accounts receivable sales program On March 17, 2021, a wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote special purpose and consolidated Ashland subsidiary entered into an agreement with a group of entities (buyers) to sell certain trade receivables, without recourse beyond the pledged receivables, of two other U.S. based Ashland subsidiaries. Under the agreement, Ashland can transfer whole receivables up to a limit established by the buyer, which is currently set at million between February and October of each year and up to million all other times. Ashland s continuing involvement is limited to servicing the receivables, including billing, collections and remittance of payments to the buyers as well as a limited guarantee on over-collateralization. The arrangement terminates on May 31, 2023, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of the agreement. Ashland determined that any receivables transferred under this agreement are put presumptively beyond the reach of Ashland and its creditors, even in bankruptcy or other receivership. Ashland received a true sale at law and non-consolidation opinions to support the legal isolation of these receivables. Ashland accounts for the receivables transferred to buyers as sales. Ashland recognizes any gains or losses based on the excess of proceeds received net of buyer s discounts and fees compared to the carrying value of the assets. Proceeds received, net of buyer s discounts and fees, are recorded within the operating activities of the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. Losses on sale of assets, including related transaction expenses are recorded within the Net interest and other expense (income) caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). Ashland regularly assesses its servicing obligations and records them as assets or liabilities when appropriate. Ashland also monitors its obligation with regards to the limited guarantee and records the resulting guarantee liability when warranted. When applicable, Ashland discloses the amount of the receivable that serves as over-collateralization as a restricted asset. Ashland recognized a million loss within the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) for 2021 within the net interest and other expense caption associated with sales under the program. Ashland has recorded million of sales against the buyer s limit, which was million at September 30, 2021. Ashland transferred million in receivables to the SPE as of September 30, 2021. Ashland recorded liabilities related to its service obligations and limited guarantee as of September 30, 2021 of less than million. As of September 30, 2021, the year-to-date gross cash proceeds received for receivables transferred and derecognized was million, of which million was collected by Ashland in our capacity as a servicer of the receivables and remitted to the buyer. The difference of million represents the proceeds from new transfers of receivables as of September 30, 2021 of which million related to Performance Adhesives. 2018 foreign accounts receivable securitization During July 2018, Ashland entered into a million accounts receivable securitization facility (the Program) for the transfer by certain subsidiaries of Ashland (the Sellers) directly or indirectly to Ester Finance Titrisation (the Purchaser), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (the Arranger), of certain receivables and/or collections originated by the Sellers towards certain corporate debtors located in multiple European jurisdictions and denominated in multiple currencies. The Program originally had a term of , but was extended to in September 2019. During July 2021, the termination date of the Program was extended to . During July 2020, the available funding for qualified receivables under the accounts receivable securitization facility decreased from million to million. Under the Program, each Seller will assign, on an ongoing basis, certain of its accounts receivable and the right to the collections on those accounts receivable to the Purchaser. Under the terms of the Program, the Sellers could, from time to time, obtain up to million from the Purchaser through the sale of an undivided interest in such accounts receivable and collections. Ashland accounts for the securitization facility as secured borrowings, and the receivables sold pursuant to the facility are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as accounts receivable. Fundings under the Program will be repaid as accounts receivable are collected, with new fundings being advanced (through daily advanced purchase price) as new accounts receivable are originated by the Sellers and assigned to the Purchaser, with settlement occurring monthly. Ashland classifies any borrowings under this facility as a short-term debt instrument within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Once sold to the Purchaser, the accounts receivable and rights to collection described above are separate and distinct from each Sellers own assets and are not available to its creditors should such Sellers become insolvent. At September 30, 2021 and 2020 , the outstanding amount of accounts receivable transferred by Ashland to the Purchaser was million and million, respectively, and there were million and million, respectively, of borrowings (denominated in multiple currencies) under the facility. The weighted-average interest rate for this instrument was and for 2021 and 2020, respectively. 2012 U.S. accounts receivable securitization On August 31, 2012, Ashland entered into a million accounts receivable securitization facility pursuant to (i) a Sale Agreement, among Ashland and certain of its direct and indirect subsidiaries (each an Originator and collectively, the Originators) and CVG Capital III LLC, a wholly-owned bankruptcy remote special purpose subsidiary of the Originators (CVG) and (ii) a Transfer and Administration Agreement, among CVG, each Originator, Ashland, as Master Servicer, certain Conduit Investors, Uncommitted Investors, Letter of Credit Issuers, Managing Agents, Administrators and Committed Investors, and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as agent for various secured parties (the Agent). The Transfer and Administration Agreement had a term of but was extendable at the discretion of Ashland and the Investors. Under the Sale Agreement, each Originator transfers, on an ongoing basis, certain of its accounts receivable, certain related assets and the right to the collections on those accounts receivable to CVG. Ashland accounts for the securitization facility as secured borrowings, and the receivables sold pursuant to the facility are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as accounts receivable. Fundings under the Transfer and Administration Agreement will be repaid as accounts receivable are collected, with new fundings being advanced (through daily reinvestments) as new accounts receivable are originated by the Originators and transferred to CVG, with settlement generally occurring monthly. Ashland continues to classify any borrowings under this facility as a short-term debt instrument within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Once sold to CVG, the accounts receivable, related assets and rights to collection described above are separate and distinct from each Originator s own assets and are not available to its creditors should such Originator become insolvent. Substantially all of CVG s assets have been pledged to the Agent in support of its obligations under the Transfer and Administration Agreement. During 2016, the termination date of the commitments under the Transfer and Administration Agreement was extended from December 31, 2015, the previous termination extension date, to March 22, 2017. During March 2017, this facility was extended for an additional year with similar terms as the previous facility agreement. During March 2018, the termination date of the accounts receivable securitization facility was extended from March 2018 to March 2020. During March 2020, the termination date of the accounts receivable securitization was extended from March 2020 to March 2021. The available funding for qualified receivables under the accounts receivable securitization facility increased from million to million, however this was decreased back to million on August 30, 2019 in conjunction with the Composites and Marl facility divestiture. On March 17, 2021, Ashland terminated its U.S. 2012 Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility. This program had no outstanding borrowings at its termination. At September 30, 2020, the outstanding amount of accounts receivable pledged was million and borrowings under the facility totaled million. The weighted-average interest rate for this instrument was for 2020. This program did not meet the criteria for sale accounting and was reported as secured borrowing under ASC 860. Other debt At September 30, 2021 and 2020 , Ashland held other debt totaling million and million, respectively, comprised primarily of a European short-term loan facility, the notes due and other notes. Available borrowing capacity and liquidity The borrowing capacity remaining under the million 2020 Revolving Credit Facility was million due to an outstanding balance of million, as well as a reduction of million for letters of credit outstanding at September 30, 2021. Ashland's total borrowing capacity at September 30, 2021 was million, which included of available capacity from the foreign 2018 accounts receivable securitization facility. Additionally, Ashland has million available liquidity under its current U.S. Accounts Receivable Sales Program. Covenants related to current Ashland debt agreements Ashland s debt contains usual and customary representations, warranties and affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants for leverage and interest coverage ratios, limitations on liens, additional subsidiary indebtedness, restrictions on subsidiary distributions, investments, mergers, sale of assets and restricted payments and other customary limitations. As of September 30, 2021, Ashland was in compliance with all debt agreement covenant restrictions. The maximum consolidated net leverage ratio permitted under Ashland s most recent credit agreement (the 2020 Credit Agreement) is . The 2020 Credit Agreement defines the consolidated net leverage ratio as the ratio of consolidated indebtedness minus unrestricted cash and cash equivalents to consolidated EBITDA (Covenant Adjusted EBITDA) for any measurement period. In general, the 2020 Credit Agreement defines Covenant Adjusted EBITDA as net income plus consolidated interest charges, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, fees and expenses related to capital market transactions and proposed or actual acquisitions and divestitures, restructuring and integration charges, non-cash stock and equity compensation expense, and any other nonrecurring expenses or losses that do not represent a cash item in such period or any future period; less any non-cash gains or other items increasing net income. The computation of Covenant Adjusted EBITDA differs from the calculation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, which have been reconciled within item 7 of this document. In general, consolidated indebtedness includes debt plus all purchase money indebtedness, banker s acceptances and bank guaranties, deferred purchase price of property or services, attributable indebtedness and guarantees. At September 30, 2021 , Ashland s calculation of the consolidated net leverage ratio was . The minimum required consolidated interest coverage ratio under the 2020 Credit Agreement is . The 2020 Credit Agreement defines the consolidated interest coverage ratio as the ratio of Covenant Adjusted EBITDA to consolidated interest charges for any measurement period. At September 30, 2021 , Ashland s calculation of the consolidated interest coverage ratio was . Guarantee of senior notes Ashland Global Holdings Inc. fully and unconditionally guaranteed the notes due , notes due and notes due and has no significant independent assets or operations. 

Interest income 

() 

() 

() 

Loss on the accounts receivables sale program 

Investment securities income (b) 

() 

() 

() 

Other financing costs (c) 

(a)	 million , million and million of accelerated accretion and/or amortization for original issue discounts and debt issuance costs during 2021, 2020 and 2019 , respectively. (b)	 (c)	 million related to early redemption premium payments for the 2022 notes during 2021, and million related to early redemption premium payments for the 2022 Notes, 2043 Notes and 2029 Junior Debentures during 2020. 

Accelerated amortization (a) 

Total 

(a) million of accelerated debt issuance cost for the 2022 Notes. Fiscal year 2020 includes million of accelerated accretion of the recorded debt discount for the 2022 Notes, 2029 Junior Debentures and 2043 Notes, while the remaining amounts in each year related to the accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs. 

Tax and tax indemnity receivables 

Life insurance policies 

Manufacturing catalyst supplies 

Defined benefit plan assets 

Equity and other unconsolidated investments 

Land use rights 

Environmental insurance receivables 

Debt issuance costs 

Other 

Deferred compensation investments Deferred compensation investments consist of insurance policies valued at cash surrender value. Gains and losses related to deferred compensation investments are immediately recognized within the selling, general and administrative expense caption on the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). The gains on these investments were million during 2021 and 2020, and million during 2019. During 2021, Ashland liquidated million of deferred compensation investments to fund the Environmental trust. See Note A for additional details. 

Environmental remediation reserves 

Deferred compensation 

Other 

F- 37 

of the total lease liability at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note A for additional information related to Ashland s leasing policies. 

Operating lease cost 
 
 Cost of Sales 

Variable lease cost 
 
 Selling, General Administrative 

Variable lease cost 
 
 Cost of Sales 

Short-term leases 
 
 Cost of Sales 

Total lease cost 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities 

Current operating lease obligations 

Non-current operating lease obligations 

Total lease liabilities 

Ashland often has options to renew lease terms for buildings and other assets. The exercise of lease renewal options are generally at Ashland's sole discretion. In addition, certain lease arrangements may be terminated prior to their original expiration date at Ashland's discretion. Ashland evaluates renewal and termination options at the lease commencement date to determine if it is reasonably certain to exercise the option on the basis of economic factors. The weighted average remaining lease term for operating leases as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 was approximately and , respectively. Residual value guarantees are not common within Ashland's lease agreements nor are restrictions or covenants imposed by leases. Ashland has elected the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components. The discount rate implicit within the leases is generally not determinable. Therefore, Ashland determines the discount rate based on its incremental borrowing rate. The incremental borrowing rate is determined using a buildup method resulting in an estimated range of secured borrowing rates matching the lease term and the currency of the jurisdiction in which lease payments are made, adjusted for impacts of collateral. Consideration was given to Ashland s own relevant debt issuances as well as debt instruments of comparable companies with similar credit characteristics. The weighted average discount rate used to measure operating lease liabilities as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. There are no leases that have not yet commenced but that create significant rights and obligations for Ashland. Right-of-use assets exchanged for new operating lease obligations was million and million for the twelve months ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This includes million of right-of-use assets and operating lease obligations recorded as a result of the purchase of Sch lke personal care business during 2021. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less amount of lease payment representing interest 

() 

Total present value of lease payments 

million during the twelve months ended September 30, 2019. These adjustments primarily related to the one-time transition tax assessed on foreign cash and unremitted earnings. Income Tax Provision) 

() 

() 

State 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

Deferred 

() 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Foreign net operating loss carryforwards primarily relate to certain European and Asian Pacific operations and generally may be carried forward. U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards relate to losses within certain states and generally may be carried forward. 

Employee benefit obligations 

Environmental, self-insurance and litigation reserves (net of receivables) 

State net operating loss carryforwards (net of unrecognized tax benefits) (b) 

Compensation accruals 

Credit carryforwards (net of unrecognized tax benefits) (c) 

Other items 

Other lease liability 

Valuation allowances (d) 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Goodwill and other intangibles (e) 

Property, plant and equipment 

Right of use assets 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

(a)	 million will expire in future years beyond 2022 or have no expiration. (b)	 million will expire in future years as follows: million in 2022 and the remaining balance in other future years. (c)	 million expiring in 2029 and other future years, and state tax credits of million that will expire in 2025 and other future years. (d)	 (e)	 million. 

() 

() 

Foreign 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 

() 

() 

Income taxes computed at U.S. statutory rate (a) 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in amount computed resulting from 

Tax reform (b) 

() 

Uncertain tax positions 

() 

Deemed inclusions, foreign dividends and other restructuring (c) 

Foreign tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance changes (d) 

() 

Research and development credits 

() 

() 

() 

State taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Goodwill impairment 

International rate differential 

() 

() 

() 

Other items (e) 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

(a)	 for 2021, 2020 and 2019. (b)	 million from Swiss tax reform. 2019 includes an expense of million related to a return to provision adjustment for transition tax. (c)	 million primarily related to GILTI permanent adjustments. 2020 includes million primarily related to GILTI permanent adjustments. 2019 includes million primarily related to GILTI permanent adjustments. (d)	 million related to certain foreign tax credits partially offset by million related to state NOL's and million related to foreign jurisdictions. 2019 includes million related to state tax NOL s and million related to a foreign jurisdiction. (e)	 million related to the sale of a Specialty Additives facility partially offset by miscellaneous other items. 2020 includes million for foreign withholding taxes. 
 The 2021 effective tax rate was impacted by the sale of a Specialty Additives facility and uncertain tax positions, partially offset by valuation allowance on certain domestic attribute carryforwards. The 2020 effective tax rate was impacted by Swiss Tax Reform and non-deductible goodwill impairment. The 2020 and 2019 effective tax rates were impacted by jurisdictional income mix, restructuring activities, and the impact of U.S. tax reform. Unrecognized tax benefits U.S. GAAP prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the accounting and financial statement disclosure of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process. The first step requires Ashland to determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position. The second step requires Ashland to recognize in the financial statements each tax position that meets the more likely than not criteria, measured at the amount of benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized. Ashland had million and million of unrecognized tax benefits at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, recorded within other noncurrent liabilities. As of September 30, 2021 , the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the tax rate for continuing and discontinued operations was million. The remaining unrecognized tax benefits relate to tax positions for which ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty as to the timing of such deductibility. Recognition of these tax benefits would not have an impact on the effective tax rate. Ashland recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense (benefit) in the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income. Such interest and penalties totaled a million benefit in 2021 , million expense in 2020 and million benefit in 2019 . Ashland had million and million in interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits accrued as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Increases related to positions taken on items from prior years 

Decreases related to positions taken on items from prior years 

() 

Increases related to positions taken in the current year 

Lapse of statute of limitations 

() 

Disposition of Composites and Marl facility 

Balance at September 30, 2020 

Increases related to positions taken on items from prior years 

Decreases related to positions taken on items from prior years 

() 

Increases related to positions taken in the current year 

Lapse of statute of limitations 

() 

Settlements 

() 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

(a)	 million and million of the gross unrecognized tax benefits at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, recorded within other noncurrent assets. 
 From a combination of statute expirations and audit settlements in the next twelve months, Ashland expects a decrease in the amount of accrual for uncertain tax positions of between million and million for continuing operations. For the remaining balance as of September 30, 2021, it is reasonably possible that there could be material changes to the amount of uncertain tax positions due to activities of the taxing authorities, settlement of audit issues, reassessment of existing uncertain tax positions or the expiration of applicable statute of limitations; however, Ashland is not able to estimate the impact of these items at this time. Ashland or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. Foreign taxing jurisdictions significant to Ashland include Brazil, Canada, China, Germany, Mexico, Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland and United Kingdom. Ashland is subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations by tax authorities for periods after September 30, 2017 and U.S. state income tax examinations by tax authorities for periods after September 30, 2014. With respect to countries outside of the United States, with certain exceptions, Ashland s foreign subsidiaries are subject to income tax audits for years after 2015. 

 and continues to be reduced to in 2037 and thereafter. The assumptions used to project the liability anticipate future cost-sharing changes to the written plans that are consistent with the increase in health care costs. Plan Amendments and Remeasurements During 2019, Ashland settled a non-U.S. plan, which required the plan to be remeasured. This remeasurement resulted in a curtailment gain of million recorded within the other net periodic benefit (costs) caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income. Net periodic benefit costs (income) allocation Consistent with Ashland s historical accounting policies, service cost for continuing operations is proportionately allocated to each reportable segment, excluding the Unallocated and other segment, while all other costs for continuing operations are recorded within the Unallocated and other segment. 

Interest cost (b) 

Curtailment, settlement and other (b) 

() 

Expected return on plan assets (b) 

() 

() 

() 

Actuarial (gain) loss (b) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted-average plan assumptions (c) 

Discount rate for service cost 

Discount rate for interest cost 

Rate of compensation increase 

Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 

(a)	 (b)	 (c)	 
 The changes in prior service credit recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income during both 2021 and 2020 were less than million each. At September 30, 2021 , Ashland expects to recognize less than million of the prior service credit in accumulated other comprehensive income as net periodic benefit cost (income) during the next fiscal year. 

Obligations and funded status 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Participant contributions 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

() 

Curtailments 

() 

() 

Foreign currency exchange rate changes 

Other (including acquisitions) 

() 

Settlements 

() 

() 

Benefit obligations at September 30 

Change in plan assets 

Value of plan assets at October 1 

Actual return on plan assets 

Employer contributions 

Participant contributions 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

Foreign currency exchange rate changes 

Settlements 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Value of plan assets at September 30 

Unfunded status of the plans 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts recognized in the balance sheet 

Noncurrent benefit assets 

Current benefit liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Noncurrent benefit liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net amount recognized 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted-average plan assumptions 

Discount rate 

Rate of compensation increase 

million at September 30, 2021 and million at September 30, 2020. All Ashland pension plans are either qualified U.S. or non-US plans. Information for pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets follows: 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Projected benefit obligation 

Accumulated benefit obligation 

Fair value of plan assets 

Plan assets The expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets was and for September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The basis for determining the expected long-term rate of return is a combination of future return assumptions for various asset classes in Ashland s investment portfolio, historical analysis of previous returns, market indices and a projection of inflation. 

U.S. Government securities 

Non-U.S. Government securities 

Corporate debt instruments 

Listed real assets 

Asset-backed securities 

Corporate stocks 

Insurance contracts 

Total assets at fair value 

The following table summarizes the various investment categories that the pension plan assets are invested in and the applicable fair value hierarchy that the financial instruments are classified within these investment categories as of September 30, 2020. 

Quoted prices 

in active 

Significant 

markets for 

other 

Significant 

identical 

observable 

unobservable 

Total fair 

assets 

inputs 

inputs 

(In millions) 
 
 value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Cash and cash equivalents 

U.S. Government securities 

Non-U.S. Government securities 

Corporate debt instruments 

Listed real assets 

Asset-backed securities 

Corporate stocks 

Insurance contracts 

Total assets at fair value 

Ashland s pension plan holds a variety of investments designed to diversify risk. Investments classified as a Level 1 fair value measure principally represent marketable securities priced in active markets. Cash and cash equivalents and public equity and debt securities are well diversified and invested in U.S. and international small-to-large companies across various asset managers and styles. Investments classified as a Level 2 fair value measure principally represents fixed-income securities and other investment grade corporate bonds and debt obligations. Investments and Strategy In developing an investment strategy for its defined benefit plans, Ashland has considered the following factors: the nature of the plans liabilities, the allocation of liabilities between active, deferred and retired members, the funded status of the plans, the applicable investment horizon, the respective size of the plans and historical and expected capital market returns. Ashland s U.S. pension plan assets are managed by outside investment managers, which are monitored against investment return benchmarks and Ashland s established investment strategy. Investment managers are selected based on an analysis of, among other things, their investment process, historical investment results, frequency of management turnover, cost structure and assets under management. Assets are periodically reallocated between investment managers to maintain an appropriate asset mix and diversification of investments and to optimize returns. The current asset allocation for the U.S. plans is fixed income securities, equity securities and other securities. Fixed income securities primarily include cash and cash equivalents, long duration corporate debt obligations and U.S. government debt obligations. In addition, Ashland s non-U.S. plan fixed income securities include insurance contracts. Equity securities are comprised solely of traditional public equity investments. Investment managers may employ a limited use of derivatives to gain efficient exposure to markets. - 

Fixed income securities 
 
 - 

Other 
 
 - 

Cash flows During 2021 and 2020 , Ashland contributed million and million to its U.S. pension plans, respectively, and million and million to its non-U.S. pension plans, respectively. Ashland expects to contribute approximately to its U.S. pension plans and million to its non-U.S. pension plans during 2022. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 - 2031 

Other plans 

 million in 2021 , and million in 2020 and 2019 , respectively. Ashland also sponsors various other employee benefit plans, some of which are required by different countries. The total noncurrent liabilities associated with these plans were million and million for September 30, 2021 and 2020 , respecti vely. 
 
 Ashland asbestos-related litigation The claims alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos asserted against Ashland result primarily from indemnification obligations undertaken in 1990 in connection with the sale of Riley, a former subsidiary. The amount and timing of settlements and number of open claims can fluctuate from period to period. 

New claims filed 

Claims settled 

() 

() 

() 

Claims dismissed 

() 

() 

() 

Open claims - end of year 

Ashland asbestos-related liability From the range of estimates, Ashland records the amount it believes to be the best estimate of future payments for litigation defense and claim settlement costs, which generally approximates the mid-point of the estimated range of exposure from model results. Ashland reviews this estimate and related assumptions quarterly and annually updates the results of a non-inflated, non-discounted approximate 50-year model developed with the assistance of Gnarus. During the most recent update completed during 2021 , it was determined that the liability for Ashland asbestos-related claims should be increased by million. Total reserves for asbestos claims w ere million at September 30, 2021 compared to million at September 30, 2020. 

Reserve adjustment 

Amounts paid 

() 

() 

() 

Asbestos reserve - end of year (a) 

(a)	 million classified in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 . 
 Ashland asbestos-related receivables Ashland has insurance coverage for certain litigation defense and claim settlement costs incurred in connection with its asbestos claims, and coverage-in-place agreements exist with the insurance companies that provide substantially all of the coverage that will be accessed. For the Ashland asbestos-related obligations, Ashland has estimated the value of probable insurance recoveries associated with its asbestos reserve based on management s interpretations and estimates surrounding the available or applicable insurance coverage, including an assumption that all solvent insurance carriers remain solvent. Substantially all of the estimated receivables from insurance companies are expected to be due from domestic insurers, all of which are solvent. At September 30, 2021, Ashland s receivable for recoveries of litigation defense and claim settlement costs from insurers amounted to million (excluding the Hercules receivable for asbestos claims). Receivables from insurers amounted to million at September 30, 2020. During 2021 , the annual update of the model used for purposes of valuing the asbestos reserve and its impact on valuation of future recoveries from insurers, was completed. This model update resulted in a million increase in the receivable for probable insurance recoveries. 

Receivable adjustment (a) 

() 

Insurance settlement 

() 

Amounts collected 

() 

() 

() 

Insurance receivable - end of year (b) 

(a)	 million reserve adjustment related to allowances for credit losses as a result of Ashland's adoption of the new credit measurement standard described in Note A. (b)	 million and million classified in accounts receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 Hercules asbestos-related litigation Hercules has liabilities from claims alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos. Such claims typically arise from alleged exposure to asbestos fibers from resin encapsulated pipe and tank products which were sold by one of Hercules former subsidiaries to a limited industrial market. The amount and timing of settlements and number of open claims can fluctuate from period to period. 

New claims filed 

Claims dismissed 

() 

() 

() 

Open claims - end of year 

Hercules asbestos-related liability From the range of estimates, Ashland records the amount it believes to be the best estimate of future payments for litigation defense and claim settlement costs, which generally approximates the mid-point of the estimated range of exposure from model results. Ashland reviews this estimate and related assumptions quarterly and annually updates the results of a non-inflated, non-discounted approximate 50-year model developed with the assistance of Gnarus. As a result of the most recent annual update of this estimate, completed during 2021 , it was determined that the liability for Hercules asbestos-related claims should be increased by million. Total reserves for asbestos claims wer e million at September 30, 2021 compared to million at September 30, 2020. 

Reserve adjustments 

() 

() 

Amounts paid 

() 

() 

() 

Asbestos reserve - end of year (a) 

million and million classified in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. Hercules asbestos-related receivables For the Hercules asbestos-related obligations, certain reimbursement obligations pursuant to coverage-in-place agreements with insurance carriers exist. As a result, any increases in the asbestos reserve have been partially offset by probable insurance recoveries. Ashland has estimated the value of probable insurance recoveries associated with its asbestos reserve based on management s interpretations and estimates surrounding the available or applicable insurance coverage, including an assumption that all solvent insurance carriers remain solvent. The estimated receivable consists exclusively of solvent domestic insurers. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the receivables from insurers amounted to million for both periods. During 2021 , the annual update of the model used for purposes of valuing the asbestos reserve and its impact on valuation of future recoveries from insurers was completed. This model update resulted in a million increase in the receivable for probable insurance recoveries. 

Receivable adjustment (a) 

() 

() 

Amounts collected 

() 

Insurance receivable - end of year (b) 

(a)	 million reserve adjustment related to allowances for credit losses as a result of Ashland's adoption of the new credit measurement standard described in Note A. (b)	 million and classified in accounts receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 Asbestos litigation cost projection Projecting future asbestos costs is subject to numerous variables that are extremely difficult to predict. In addition to the significant uncertainties surrounding the number of claims that might be received, other variables include the type and severity of the disease alleged by each claimant, the long latency period associated with asbestos exposure, mortality rates, dismissal rates, costs of medical treatment, the impact of bankruptcies of other companies that are co-defendants in claims, uncertainties surrounding the litigation process from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and from case to case, and the impact of potential changes in legislative or judicial standards. Furthermore, any predictions with respect to these variables are subject to even greater uncertainty as the projection period lengthens. In light of these inherent uncertainties, Ashland believes that the asbestos reserves for Ashland and Hercules represent the best estimate within a range of possible outcomes. As a part of the process to develop these estimates of future asbestos costs, a range of long-term cost models was developed. These models are based on national studies that predict the number of people likely to develop asbestos-related diseases and are heavily influenced by assumptions regarding long-term inflation rates for indemnity payments and legal defense costs, as well as other variables mentioned previously. Ashland has currently estimated in various models ranging from approximately to periods that it is reasonably possible that total future litigation defense and claim settlement costs on an inflated and undiscounted basis could range as high as approximately million for the Ashland asbestos-related litigation (current reserve of million) and approximately million for the Hercules asbestos-related litigation (current reserve of million), depending on the combination of assumptions selected in the various models. If actual experience is worse than projected, relative to the number of claims filed, the severity of alleged disease associated with those claims or costs incurred to resolve those claims, or actuarial refinement or improvements to the assumptions used within these models are initiated, Ashland may need to further increase the estimates of the costs associated with asbestos claims and these increases could be material over time. Environmental remediation and asset retirement obligations Ashland is subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations that require environmental assessment or remediation efforts (collectively environmental remediation) at multiple locations. At September 30, 2021 , such locations included waste treatment or disposal sites where Ashland has been identified as a potentially responsible party under Superfund or similar state laws, current and former operating facilities and about service station properties, of which are being actively remediated. Ashland s reserves for environmental remediation and related environmental litigation amounted to million at September 30, 2021 compared to million at September 30, 2020, of which million at September 30, 2021 and million at September 30, 2020 were classified in other noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The remaining reserves were classified in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Disbursements 

() 

() 

Revised obligation estimates and accretion 

Environmental remediation reserve - end of year 

At September 30, 2021 and 2020 , Ashland s recorded receivable for these probable insurance recoveries was million and million, respectively, of which million and million was classified in other noncurrent assets in the respective Consolidated Balance Sheets. During 2021, 2020 and 2019, Ashland recognized million, million and million of expense, respectively, for certain environmental liabilities related to normal ongoing remediation cost estimate updates for sites, which is consistent with Ashland s historical environmental accounting policy. 

Accretion 

Legal expense 

Total expense 

Insurance receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Total expense, net of receivable activity (a) 

(a)	 million, million and million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 , respectively, related to divested businesses which qualified for treatment as discontinued operations and for which certain environmental liabilities were retained by Ashland. These amounts are classified within the income from discontinued operations caption of the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 Environmental remediation reserves are subject to numerous inherent uncertainties that affect Ashland s ability to estimate its share of the costs. Such uncertainties involve the nature and extent of contamination at each site, the extent of required cleanup efforts under existing environmental regulations, widely varying costs of alternate cleanup methods, changes in environmental regulations, the potential effect of continuing improvements in remediation technology, and the number and financial strength of other potentially responsible parties at multiparty sites. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the ultimate costs of environmental remediation, Ashland currently estimates that the upper end of the reasonably possible range of future costs for identified sites could be as high as approximately million. The largest reserve for any site is of the remediation reserve. Other legal proceedings and claims In addition to the matters described above, there are other various claims, lawsuits and administrative proceedings pending or threatened against Ashland and its current and former subsidiaries. Such actions are with respect to commercial matters, product liability, toxic tort liability, and other environmental matters, which seek remedies or damages, some of which are for substantial amounts. While Ashland cannot predict with certainty the outcome of such actions, it believes that adequate reserves have been recorded and losses already recognized with respect to such actions were immaterial as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. There is a reasonable possibility that a loss exceeding amounts already recognized may be incurred related to these actions; however, Ashland believes that such potential losses were immaterial as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 . 

 billion stock repurchase program. Under the new program, Ashland s common shares may be repurchased in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or pursuant to one or more accelerated stock repurchase programs or Rule 10b5-1 plans. As of September 30, 2021 , million remained available for repurchase under the 2018 stock repurchase program. Stock repurchase program agreements In September 2021, under the 2018 stock repurchase program, Ashland announced that it entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement (2021 ASR Agreement). Under the 2021 ASR Agreement, Ashland paid an initial purchase price of million and received an initial delivery of million shares of common stock during September 2021. The program is expected to terminate by , resulting in a final share repurchase transaction. In May 2019, under the 2018 stock repurchase program, Ashland announced that it entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement (2019 ASR Agreement). Under the 2019 ASR Agreement, Ashland paid an initial purchase price of million and received an initial delivery of million shares of common stock during May 2019. The bank exercised its early termination option under the 2019 ASR Agreement in August 2019, and an additional thousand shares were repurchased, bringing the total shares repurchased upon settlement to million. Stockholder dividends Ashland paid dividends per common share of , and during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. In May 2021, the Board of Directors of Ashland announced a quarterly cash dividend of 30.0 cents per share to eligible stockholders at record, which represented an increase from the previous quarterly cash dividend of 27.5 cents per share. This dividend was paid in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2021. In May 2019, the Board of Directors of Ashland announced a quarterly cash dividend of 27.5 cents per share to eligible stockholders at record, which represented an increase from the previous quarterly cash dividend of 25.0 cents per share. This dividend was paid in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2019, each quarter of fiscal 2020 and the first and second quarters of 2021. Shares reserved for issuance At September 30, 2021 , million common shares were reserved for issuance under stock incentive and deferred compensation plans. Other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Unrealized gain on commodity hedges 

() 

Total other comprehensive gain 

() 

Year ended September 30, 2020 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Unrealized translation income 

() 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

Year ended September 30, 2019 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Unrealized translation loss 

() 

() 

Pension and postretirement obligation adjustment 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

(a)	Due to the adoption of new accounting guidance in fiscal 2019, unrealized gains and losses on Ashland s equity securities are now recognized in net income rather than other comprehensive income. See Notes A and F for more information. 
 Summary of Stockholders Equity 

Common shares issued under stock incentive and other plans (a) 

Common shares purchased under repurchase program (b) 

() 

() 

Balance, end of period 

Retained earnings 

Balance, beginning of period 

Adoption of new accounting pronouncements (c) 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Regular dividends 

() 

() 

() 

Balance, end of period 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Balance, beginning of period 

() 

() 

() 

Adoption of new accounting pronouncements (c) 

() 

Unrealized translation gain (loss) 

() 

Unrealized gain on commodity hedges 

Pension and postretirement obligation adjustment 

() 

Balance, end of period 

() 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Cash dividends declared per common share 

(a)	 , and for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. (b)	 and for 2021 and 2019, respectively. 

Nonvested stock awards 

Performance share awards 

Income tax benefit 

(a)	 million and of expense related to cash-settled nonvested restricted stock awards and cash-settled performance units, respectively. (b)	 million and of expense related to cash-settled nonvested restricted stock awards and cash-settled performance units, respectively. (c)	 million and of expense related to cash-settled nonvested restricted stock awards and cash-settled performance units, respectively. 
 Stock Appreciation Rights SARs were granted to employees or directors at a price equal to the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant and typically become exercisable over periods of one to . Unexercised SARs lapse after the date of grant. Ashland estimates the fair value of SARs granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This model requires several assumptions, which Ashland has developed and updates based on historical trends and current market observations. The accuracy of these assumptions is critical to the estimate of fair value for these equity instruments. . The risk-free interest rate assumption was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant for the expected term of the instrument. The dividend yield reflects the assumption that the current dividend payout will continue with no anticipated increases. The volatility assumption was calculated by utilizing peer companies because historical volatility was not considered reflective of future volatility given the divestitures discussed in Notes C and D. The expected life is based on the mid-point of the weighted average time to vest and contractual term. Ashland did t grant any SARs during 2021. 

Assumptions (weighted-average) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

Expected life (in years) 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

() 

() 

Forfeitures and expirations 

() 

() 

() 

Outstanding - end of year (a) 

Exercisable - end of year 

(a)	 to for thousand shares, from to for thousand shares, from to for thousand shares, and from to for thousand shares. The weighted-average remaining contractual life of outstanding SARs and stock options was years and exercisable SARs and stock options was years 
 The total intrinsic value of SARs exercised was million in 2021 , million in 2020 and million in 2019 . The actual tax benefit realized from the exercised SARs was million in 2021 , million in 2020 and million in 2019. The total grant date fair value of SARs that vested during 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2021 , there was million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to SARs. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. As of September 30, 2021 , the aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding SARs and exercisable SARs was million and million, respectively. Nonvested stock awards Nonvested stock awards are granted to employees or directors at a price equal to the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant and generally vest over a one -to- period. However, such shares or units are subject to forfeiture upon termination of service before the vesting period ends. Beginning in 2016, these awards were primarily granted as stock units that will convert to shares upon vesting, while the grants in prior years were generally made in nonvested shares. Only nonvested stock awards granted in the form of shares entitle employees or directors to vote the shares. Dividends on nonvested stock awards granted are in the form of additional units or shares of nonvested stock awards, which are subject to vesting and forfeiture provisions. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

() 

Forfeitures 

() 

() 

() 

Nonvested - end of year 

The total fair value of nonvested stock awards that vested during 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2021 , there was million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested stock awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Cash-settled nonvested stock awards Certain nonvested stock awards are granted to employees and are settled in cash upon vesting. As of September 30, 2021 , thousand cash-settled nonvested stock awards were outstanding. The value of these cash-settled nonvested stock awards changes in connection with changes in the fair market value of the Ashland Common Stock. These awards generally vest over a period of . The expense recognized related to cash-settled nonvested stock awards was million, million, and million during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Performance awards Ashland sponsors a long-term incentive plan that awards performance shares/units to certain key employees that are tied to Ashland s overall financial performance relative to the financial performance of selected industry peer groups and/or internal targets. Awards are granted annually, with each award covering a vesting period. Nonvested performance shares/units do not entitle employees to vote the shares or to receive any dividends thereon. For awards granted in prior years, upon vesting, each performance unit will be settled in stock based on the fair market value of Ashland common stock and recorded as a component of stockholders equity. The financial performance award metric represents a performance condition under applicable U.S. GAAP. Additionally, the actual number of performance units issuable upon vesting can be potentially increased or decreased based on a total shareholder return (TSR) performance modifier relative to peers for Ashland. For awards granted in 2021 and 2020, each performance share is convertible to share of Ashland Common Stock and recorded as a component of stockholders equity. Performance measures used to determine the actual number of performance shares issuable upon vesting includes 60 :40 weighting of Ashland s total shareholder return (TSR) performance and Ashland s return on net assets (RONA) performance as compared to internal targets. TSR relative to peers is considered a market condition while RONA is considered a performance condition in accordance with U.S. GAAP. - 

Fiscal Year 2020 
 
 - 

Fiscal Year 2019 
 
 - 

(a)	 to of the target shares/units granted, which is assumed to be . Both the shares granted and weighted-average fair value per share/unit are as of the grant date. 
 For these awards, the fair value of the performance unit awards is equal to the fair market value of Ashland s Common Stock as of the end of each reporting period. Compensation cost is recognized over the requisite service period if it is probable that the performance condition will be satisfied. using key assumptions included in the following table. Compensation cost is recognized over the requisite service period regardless of whether the market condition is satisfied. 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected life (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

() 

Forfeitures 

() 

() 

() 

Nonvested - end of year 

As of September 30, 2021 , there was million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested performance share/unit awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

 million and million as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively. See Note I for additional information on Ashland's program to sell certain receivables on a revolving basis to third party banks up to an aggregate purchase limit. Disaggregation of revenue 

Sales by geography 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Life Sciences 

North America 

Europe 

Asia Pacific 

Latin America other 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Personal Care Household 

North America 

Europe 

Asia Pacific 

Latin America other 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Specialty Additives 

North America 

Europe 

Asia Pacific 

Latin America other 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Intermediates and Solvents 

North America 

Europe 

Asia Pacific 

Latin America other 

For fiscal 2021, Ashland had two product categories that represented or greater of Ashland's total consolidated sales which were cellulosics representing of total consolidated sales and polyvinylprrolidones (PVP) representing of total consolidated sales. 

Change in reportable segments As previously described in Note C, Ashland announced that it had signed a definitive agreement on August 30, 2021 to sell its Performance Adhesives segment. The operating results and cash flows for the Performance Adhesives segment have been classified as discontinued operations within the Consolidated Financial Statements for all periods presented. As a result, Ashland s reportable segments included Life Sciences, Personal Care Household, Specialty Additives, and Intermediates and Solvents. Unallocated and Other includes corporate governance activities and certain legacy matters. The historical segment information has been recast to conform to the current segment structure. Reportable segment business descriptions Life Sciences is comprised of pharmaceuticals, nutrition, nutraceuticals, agricultural chemicals, advanced materials and fine chemicals. Pharmaceutical solutions include controlled release polymers, disintegrants, film coatings, solubilizers, and tablet binders. Nutrition solutions include for thickeners, stabilizers, emulsifiers and additives for enhancing mouthfeel, controlling moisture migration, reducing oil uptake and controlling color. Nutraceutical solutions include products for weight management, joint comfort, stomach and intestinal health, sports nutrition and general wellness, and provide custom formulation, toll processing and particle engineering solutions. Customers include pharmaceutical, food, beverage, nutraceuticals and supplements manufacturers, hospitals and radiologists and industrial manufacturers. Personal Care Household is comprised of biofunctionals, preservatives, skin care, sun care, oral care, hair care and household. These businesses have a broad range of nature-based, biodegradable, and performance ingredients for customer-driven solutions to help protect, renew, moisturize and revitalize skin and hair, and provide solutions for toothpastes, mouth washes and rinses, denture cleaning and care for teeth. Household supplies nature-derived rheology ingredients, biodegradable surface wetting agents, performance encapsulates, and specialty polymers for household, industrial and institutional cleaning products. Customers include formulators at large multinational branded consumer products companies and smaller, independent boutique companies. Specialty Additives is comprised of rheology- and performance-enhancing additives serving the coatings, construction, energy, automotive and various industrial markets. Solutions include coatings additives for architectural paints, finishes and lacquers, cement- and gypsum- based dry mortars, ready-mixed joint compounds, synthetic plasters for commercial and residential construction, and specialty materials for industrial applications. Products include rheology modifiers (cellulosic and associative thickeners), foamcontrol agents, surfactants and wetting agents, pH neutralizers, advanced ceramics used in catalytic converters, and environmental filters, ingredients that aid the manufacturing process of ceramic capacitors, plasma display panels and solar cells, ingredients for textile printing, thermoplastic metals and alloys for welding. Products help improve desired functional outcomes through rheology modification and control, water retention, workability, adhesive strength, binding power, film formation, deposition and suspension and emulsification. Customers include global paint manufacturers, electronics and automotive manufacturers, textile mills, the construction industry, and welders. Intermediates and Solvents is comprised of the production of 1,4 butanediol (BDO) and related derivatives, including n-methylpyrrolidone. These products are used as chemical intermediates in the production of engineering polymers and polyurethanes, and as specialty process solvents in a wide array of applications including electronics, pharmaceuticals, water filtration membranes and more. Butanediol is also provided as a feedstock to the supplied to Life Sciences, Personal Care, and Specialty Additives for use as a raw material. Unallocated and Other generally includes items such as certain significant company-wide restructuring activities, corporate governance costs and legacy costs or activities that relate to divested businesses that are no longer operated by Ashland. International data 

International 

Reportable segment results Results of Ashland s reportable segments are presented based on its management and internal accounting structure. The structure is specific to Ashland; therefore, the financial results of Ashland s reportable segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information for other comparable companies. Ashland allocates all costs to its reportable segments except for certain significant company-wide restructuring activities, certain corporate governance costs and other costs or activities that relate to former businesses that Ashland no longer operates. The service cost component of pension and other postretirement benefits costs is allocated to each reportable segment on a ratable basis; while the remaining components of pension and other postretirement benefits costs are recorded within the other net periodic benefit income (costs) caption of the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (loss). Ashland refines its expense allocation methodologies to the reportable segments from time to time as internal accounting practices are improved, more refined information becomes available and the industry or market changes. Significant revisions to Ashland s methodologies are adjusted for all segments on a retrospective basis. This includes changes in the current fiscal year for certain corporate governance costs, which were previously allocated. These costs are now reflected in Unallocated and Other for all periods presented. Ashland determined that disclosing sales by specific product was impracticable due to the highly customized and extensive portfolio of products offered to customers and since no one product or a small group of products could be aggregated together to represent a majority of revenue within a reportable segment. 

Personal Care Household 

Specialty Additives 

Intermediates and Solvents 

Intersegment sales (a) 

() 

() 

() 

Equity income 

Life Sciences 

Personal Care Household 

Specialty Additives 

Intermediates and Solvents 

Other income (expense) 

Life Sciences 

Personal Care Household 

() 

Specialty Additives 

Intermediates and Solvents 

Unallocated and Other 

Equity and other income 

Operating income (loss) 

Life Sciences 

Personal Care Household (b) 

() 

Specialty Additives (b) 

() 

Intermediates and Solvents 

() 

Unallocated and Other 

() 

() 

() 

() 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Depreciation expense 

Life Sciences 

Personal Care Household 

Specialty Additives 

Intermediates and Solvents 

Unallocated and Other 

Amortization expense (c) 

Life Sciences 

Personal Care Household 

Specialty Additives 

Intermediates and Solvents 

Unallocated and Other 

EBITDA (d) (e) 

Life Sciences 

Personal Care Household 

() 

Specialty Additives 

() 

Intermediates and Solvents 

Unallocated and Other 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

Life Sciences 

Personal Care Household 

Specialty Additives 

Intermediates and Solvents 

Unallocated and Other 

(In millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Assets 

Life Sciences 

Personal Care Household (f) 

Specialty Additives 

Intermediates and Solvents 

Unallocated and Other (g) 

Property, plant and equipment - net 

Life Sciences 

Personal Care Household 

Specialty Additives 

Intermediates and Solvents 

Unallocated and Other 

(a) 

 (b) million related to Personal Care Household and a capital project impairment of million related to Specialty Additives for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

 (c) million for the year ended September 30, 2019 related to land-use-rights associated with other non-current assets. 

 (d) 

 (e) million of accelerated depreciation for the year ended September 30, 2019. 

 (f) 

 (g) 

F- 60 

QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) 
 The following table presents quarterly financial information and per share data relative to Ashland s Common Stock. 

Quarters ended 
 
 December 31 

March 31 

June 30 

September 30 

(In millions except per share data) 
 
 2020 

2019 

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 (a) 

2020 (b) 

Sales 

468 

459 

509 

525 

543 

504 

591 

528 

Cost of sales 

321 

331 

349 

358 

370 

332 

401 

396 

Gross profit as a percentage of sales 

31.4 

27.9 

31.4 

31.8 

31.9 

34.1 

32.1 

25.0 

Operating income (loss) 

17 

2 

48 

(490) 

45 

31 

70 

(6) 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

43 

21 

25 

(594) 

72 

32 

33 

(14) 

Net income (loss) 

56 

32 

41 

(582) 

80 

37 

43 

5 

Basic earnings per share 

Continuing operations 

0.71 

0.34 

0.41 

(9.81) 

1.18 

0.53 

0.56 

(0.22) 

Net income (loss) 

0.93 

0.54 

0.68 

(9.61) 

1.30 

0.61 

0.73 

0.07 

Diluted earnings per share 

Continuing operations 

0.70 

0.34 

0.40 

(9.81) 

1.17 

0.53 

0.55 

(0.22) 

Net income (loss) 

0.92 

0.53 

0.67 

(9.61) 

1.29 

0.61 

0.72 

0.07 

Regular cash dividends per share 

0.275 

0.275 

0.275 

0.275 

0.300 

0.275 

0.300 

0.275 

(a) Fourth quarter results for 2021 included pre-tax key items of 10 million related to environmental adjustments, 5 million loss on securities, 2 million for inventory fair value adjustments, 1 million related to pension costs, 16 million related to early redemption premium payments, 1 million related to accelerated debt issuance costs, and 3 million related to a plant impairment. Income tax expense for the fourth quarter included 8 million of net favorable tax specific key items. 

(b) Fourth quarter results for 2020 included pre-tax key items of 8 million related to environmental adjustments, 11 million gain on securities, 22 million related to restructuring, separation and other costs, and 47 million for inventory control measures. In addition, a 29 million (net of tax) gain on sale was recorded for the completed sale of the Maleic business within net income (loss). Income tax expense for the fourth quarter included 8 million of net unfavorable tax specific key items. 

F- 61 

This page intentionally left blank. 

F- 62 

<EX-10.69>
 2
 ash-ex10_69.htm
 EX-10.69

EX-10.69 

Exhibit 10.69 
 [Date] 
 
 [CEO name address] 

Dear ________________: 
 
 RE: Change in Control Agreement 
 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Ashland or the Company considers the establishment and maintenance of a sound and vital management to be essential to protecting and enhancing the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. In this regard, the Company recognizes that, as is the case with many publicly-held corporations, the possibility of a Change in Control of the Company does exist and that such possibility, and the uncertainty and questions which a Change in Control of the Company may raise among management, may result in the departure or distraction of management personnel to the detriment of the Company and its shareholders. In addition, difficulties in attracting and retaining new senior management personnel may be experienced. Accordingly, on the basis of the recommendation of the Compensation Committee of the Board, the Board has determined that appropriate steps should be taken to reinforce and encourage the continued attention and dedication of certain members of the Company's management, including you, to their assigned duties without distraction in the face of the potentially disruptive circumstances arising from the possibility of a Change in Control of the Company. 
 In order to encourage you to remain in the employ of the Company or a Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, this Agreement sets forth those benefits which the Company will provide to you in the event your employment terminates after or as a result of a Change in Control of the Company under the circumstances specified in this Agreement. 
 SECTION A. DEFINITIONS 
 1. Agreement shall mean this letter agreement, which is a complete, entire and immediate substitute for any prior agreement you may have had with the Company addressing the benefits you would receive in the event of your termination from employment as a result of a Change in Control of the Company. 

2. Board shall mean the Company's Board of Directors. 

3. Cause shall occur hereunder only upon: 

(a) the willful and continued failure by you to substantially perform your duties with the Company (other than any such failure resulting from your incapacity due to physical or mental illness or injury) after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to you by the Board which specifically identifies the manner in which the Board believes that you have not substantially performed your duties; 

(b) the willful engaging by you in gross misconduct materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company after a written demand to cease such misconduct is delivered to you by the Board; or 

(c) your conviction of or the entering of a plea of nolo contendere to the commission of a felony involving moral turpitude. 

For purposes of this paragraph 3, no act, or failure to act, on your part shall be considered willful unless done, or omitted to be done, by you not in good faith and without reasonable belief that your action or omission was in the best interest of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to you a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose, alone or in conjunction with any other purpose, (after at least 20 days prior notice to you and an opportunity for you, together with your counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board you failed to perform your duties or engaged in misconduct as set forth above in subparagraph (a) or (b) of this paragraph, and that you did not correct such failure or cease such misconduct after being requested to do so by the Board, or as set forth in subparagraph (c) of this paragraph, finding that you have been convicted of or have entered a plea of nolo contendere to the commission of a felony involving moral turpitude. 
 4. Change in Control of the Company shall be deemed to have occurred if: 

1 

(a) there shall be consummated: 

(i) any consolidation or merger of the Company (a Business Combination ), other than a consolidation or merger of the Company into or with a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, in which the shareholders of the Company own, directly or indirectly, less than 50 of' the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Business Combination that are entitled to vote generally for the election of directors of the Business Combination or pursuant to which shares of the Company s Common Stock would be converted into cash, securities or other property, other than a merger of the Company in which the holders of the Company's Common Stock immediately prior to the merger have substantially the same proportionate ownership of common stock of the surviving corporation Immediately after the merger; or 

(ii) any sale, lease, exchange or transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all the assets of the Company, provided, however, that no sale, lease, exchange or other transfer of all or substantially all the assets of the Company, shall be deemed to occur unless assets constituting 80 of the total assets of the Company are transferred pursuant to such sale, lease, exchange or other transfer; 

(b) the shareholders of the Company shall approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company; 

(c) any Person, other than the Company or a Subsidiary thereof or any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company 01 a Subsidiary thereof, shall become the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company representing 20 or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities ordinarily (and apart from rights accruing in special circumstances) having the right to vote in the election of directors, as a result of a tender or exchange offer, open market purchases, privately-negotiated purchases or otherwise, without the approval of the Board; or 

(d) at any time during a period of two (2) consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board shall cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, unless the election or the nomination for election by the Company s shareholders of each new director during such two-year period was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors at the beginning of such two-year period. 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control of the Company shall not be deemed to have occurred by virtue of: 

(i) the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record holders of the Common Stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately following such transaction or series of transactions; or 

(ii) the repurchase by the Company of outstanding shares of Common Stock or other securities pursuant to a tender or exchange offer. 

5. COBRA shall mean the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act, as amended. 

6. Common Stock shall mean the common stock, par value .01 per share, of the Company. 

7. Company shall mean Ashland Global Holdings Inc, and any successor to its business and/or assets which executes and delivers the agreement provided for in Section D, paragraph 1 hereof or which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by operation of law. 

8. Competitive Activity shall have the meaning as set forth in Section C, paragraph 4. 

9. Competitive Operation shall have the meaning as set forth in Section C, paragraph 4. 

10. Confidential Information shall mean information relating to the Company s, its divisions and Subsidiaries' and their successors business practices and business interests, including, but not limited to, customer and supplier lists, business forecasts, business and strategic plans, financial and sales information, information relating to 

2 

products, process, equipment, operations, marketing programs, research, or product development, engineering records, computer systems and software, personnel records or legal records. 

11. Cutback shall have the meaning as set forth in Section D, paragraph 18. 

12. Date of Termination shall mean: 

(a) if this Agreement is terminated for Disability, thirty (30) days after the Notice of Termination is given by the Company to you (provided that you shall not have returned to the performance of your duties on a full-time basis during such thirty (30) day period); 

(b) if your employment is terminated for Good Reason by you, the date specified in the Notice of Termination you provide to the Company, which must be no more than 90 days after the date on which notice of your intent to terminate your employment for Good Reason is provided to the Company, as provided in Section A paragraph 15, and Section C, paragraph 2(b) herein; or 

(c) if your employment is terminated for any other reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination is received by you unless a later date is specified. 

For purposes of applying the provisions of this paragraph 12, except in the case of Disability, your employment is terminated when you stop performing active service for the Company, which shall be deemed to occur when it is reasonably anticipated that your services to the Company will permanently decrease to 20 or less of the average amount of services you performed for the Company during the immediately preceding 36 month period (or your total employment if less than 36 months). 
 14. Disability shall occur when: if, as a result of your incapacity due to physical or mental illness or injury you shall have been absent from you) duties with the Company for six (6) consecutive months and shall not have returned to full-time performance of your duties within thirty (30) days after written notice is given to you by the Company. 

15. Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 

14. Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following without your express written consent: 

(a) a significant diminution of your positions, duties, responsibilities or status with the Company as in effect immediately prior to a Change in Control of the Company, or a diminution in your titles or offices as in effect immediately prior to a Change in Control of the Company or any removal of you from, or any failure to reelect you to, any of such positions following a Change in Control of the Company; 

(b) a reduction of fifteen (15) percent or more to your base salary in effect immediately prior to a Change in Control of the Company; 

(c) the failure by the Company or a Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, to continue in effect any incentive plan or arrangement (including without limitation, the Company's Incentive Compensation plan, annual bonus and contingent bonus arrangements and credits and the right to receive performance awards and similar incentive compensation benefits) in which you are participating at the time of a Change in Control of the Company (or to substitute and continue other plans or arrangements providing you with substantially similar benefits), except as otherwise required by the terms of such plans as in effect at the time of any Change in Control of the Company, or the taking of any action by the Company which would adversely affect your participation in or materially reduce your benefits under any such plan; 

(d) the failure by the Company to continue in effect any plan or arrangement to receive securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any plan or arrangement to receive and exercise stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock or grants thereof or to acquire stock or other securities of the Company) in which you are participating at the time of a Change in Control of the Company (or to substitute and continue plans or arrangements providing you with substantially similar benefits), except as otherwise required by the terms of such plans as in effect at the time of any Change in Control of the Company; or the taking of any action by the Company which would adversely affect your participation in or materially reduce your benefits under any such plan; 

(e) the relocation after a Change in Control of the Company of your principal place of business to a location that exceeds a 50 mile radius from your principal place of business before the Change in Control of the 

3 

Company, except for required travel on the Company's business to an extent substantially consistent with your business travel obligations as of immediately prior to such Change in Control of the Company; 

(f) any breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement; or 

(g)	any failure by the Company to obtain the assumption of this Agreement by any successor or assign of the Company as described in Section D, paragraph 1. 
 Provided that you and the Company agree that Good Reason shall not exist unless and until you provide the Company with written notice of the act(s) alleged to constitute Good Reason within ninety (90) days of your knowledge of the occurrence of such act(s), as provided under Section C, paragraph 2(a) herein, and the Company fails to cure such acts within thirty (30) days of receipt of such notice. Further, if the Company fails to cure such act(s) within this thirty (30) day period, then you must exercise the right to terminate your employment for Good Reason within sixty (60) days thereafter, in order for the termination to be for Good Reason. 
 16. Notice of Good Reason shall mean a written notice which shall indicate the specific provision(s) in this Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of your employment for Good Reason under the provision(s) so indicated, 
 17. Notice of Termination shall mean a written notice which shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of your employment under the provision so indicated. For purposes of applying the provisions of this paragraph 17, the determination of when your employment is terminated shall be made consistent with the Section 409A Provisions and the provisions of Section A, paragraph 12, 
 18. Person shall have the meaning as set forth in the Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act. 
 19. Qualifying Termination shall mean the termination of your employment after a Change in Control of the Company while this Agreement is in effect, unless such termination is (a) by reason of your death or Disability, (b) by the Company for Cause, or (c) by you other than for Good Reason. 
 20. Section 409A Provisions shall mean those statutory provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended) contained in 409A thereof and the guidance promulgated by the U.S. Department of Treasury or any subdivision thereof interpreting 409A. 

21. Subsidiary shall mean any corporation of which more than 20 of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether or not at the time capital stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall or might have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned by the Company, by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries, or by one or more other Subsidiaries. 

SECTION B. TERM AND BENEFITS 
 This Agreement shall be in effect for two (2) years from the date you accept this Agreement and shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods on the first day of each month, This Agreement may be terminated by either party provided that at least fifteen (15) days advance written notice is given by either party to the other party hereto prior to the commencement of the next succeeding one (1) year period, in which case the Agreement shall terminate at the end of such next succeeding one (1) year period. During the term of employment hereunder, you agree to devote your full business time and attention to the business and affairs of the Company and to use your best efforts, skills and abilities to promote its interests. 
 This Agreement shall automatically terminate, without additional notice, in the event of your death, disability, or upon the effective date of your retirement in the event you retire at your election or in accordance with the Company's generally applicable retirement policies, as in effect from time to time. Notwithstanding the first sentence of this paragraph and the first and second sentences of this Section B, if a Change in Control of the Company should occur while you are still an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary thereof, and while this Agreement is in effect, then this Agreement shall continue in effect from the date of such Change in Control of the Company for a period of two years. No benefits shall be payable hereunder unless there shall have been a Change in 
 4 

Control of the Company and your employment by the Company or a Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, shall thereafter terminate in accordance with Section C hereof. 
 SECTION C. TERMINATION FOLLOWING CHANGE IN CONTROL 
 1. Qualifying Termination. If your termination is a Qualifying Termination, you shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits provided in this Section. 

2. Required Notices. 

(a) Notice of Good Reason. Notice of Good Reason following a Change in Control of the Company, as provided for in Section A, paragraphs 15 and 16, shall be communicated by written Notice of Good Reason to the Company within the time limits provided in Section A, paragraph 15, and shall not be effective without such timely Notice of Good Reason. 

(b) Notice of Termination. Any termination of your employment following a Change in Control of the Company shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. No termination shall be effective without such Notice of Termination. 

3. Compensation Upon Termination After a Change in Control. 

(a) If your termination is a Qualifying Termination, then as consideration for and subject to your obligation to abide by the provisions contained in Section C, paragraph 4 (a) and (b) of this Agreement following a Qualifying Termination, the Company or the Subsidiary by which you were employed, as applicable, shall pay to you as severance pay (and without regard to the provisions of any benefit or incentive plan), in a lump sum cash payment within five (5) business days following the first day of the seventh calendar month following the month in which your Date of Termination occurs, an amount equal to three (3) times the sum of (i) your highest annual base compensation plus (ii) the highest target annual incentive compensation (expressed as a percentage of base compensation for all applicable incentive compensation plans) in respect of the three (3) fiscal years preceding the fiscal year in which your Date of Termination occurs. 

(b) Welfare benefits. If your termination is a Qualifying Termination, the Company shall, in addition to the payments required by the preceding paragraph: 

(i) provide for a continuation of your and your eligible dependents' participation at regular employee rates, in effect from time to time, in all of the Company is medical, dental and group life plans or programs in which you were participating immediately prior to your Date of Termination and any entitlement to COBRA continuation coverage under the medical and dental plans shall run concurrently with said period; provided, however, that said continuation of coverage in the medical and dental plans during all or part of such period shall be charged at the full cost for such coverage (meaning the active employee contribution and the Company s contribution) if the charging of active employee rates for such coverage during all or part of such period would result in a violation of the Section 409A Provisions. In the event that your continued participation in any such plan or program is for whatever reason impossible, the Company shall at that time, or at the earliest time permitted that will not trigger a tax or penalty under the Section 409A Provisions, arrange upon comparable terms to provide you with benefits substantially equivalent on an after-tax basis to those which you and your eligible dependents are, or become, entitled to receive under such plans and programs.; 

(ii) provide for payment in cash of any performance unit/share awards in existence on your Date of Termination, calculated at target performance, less any amounts paid to you under the applicable performance unit/share plan upon a Change in Control of the Company pursuant to the provisions of such plan; provided, however, if the Company should determine that the said payment would constitute deferred compensation under the Section 409A Provisions, then said payment shall be made no earlier than the first day of the seventh calendar month after the calendar month in which the Date of Termination occurs, or the earliest time permitted that will not trigger a tax or penalty under the Section 409A Provisions; 

(iii) provide for payment in cash of any incentive compensation (a) earned for the fiscal year during which the Change in Control of the Company occurred and any prior fiscal years for which you have not yet received payment, and (b) payment of the pro-rata portion (through your Date of Termination) of any incentive compensation for the fiscal year in which your Date of Termination occurs calculated on the basis 

5 

of the target bonus percentage of base compensation in the applicable incentive compensation plan (or plans); provided, however, if the Company should determine that the said payment would constitute deferred compensation under the Section 409A Provisions, then said payment shall be made no earlier than the first day of the seventh calendar month after the calendar month in which the Date of Termination occurs, or the earliest time permitted that will not trigger a tax or penalty under the Section 409A Provisions; 

(iv) provide benefits or compensation under any compensation plan, arrangement or agreement not in existence as of the date hereof but which may be established by the Company prior to your Date of Termination at such time as payments are made thereunder to the same extent as if you had been a full-time employee on the date such payments would otherwise have been made or benefits vested; provided, however, if the Company should determine that the said payment would constitute deferred compensation under the Section 409A Provisions, then said payment shall be made no earlier than the first day of the seventh calendar month after the calendar month in which the Date of Termination occurs, or the earliest time permitted that will not trigger a tax or penalty under the Section 409A Provisions; 

(v) for one (1) year after your Date of Termination, provide and pay for outplacement services, by a firm reasonably acceptable to you, consistent with those that have historically been offered to displaced employees generally by the Company under substantially the same terms and fee structure (but limited in an amount not to exceed fifteen (15) percent of your annual base compensation for the year in which your Date of Termination occurs or fifteen (15) percent of your annual base compensation as of immediately before the Change in Control of the Company, if greater) as is consistent with an employee in your then current position (or, if higher, your position immediately prior to the Change jn Control of the Company); 

(vi) for one (1) year after your Date of Termination, provide and pay for financial planning services, by a firm reasonably acceptable to you, that have historically been offered to you under substantially the same terms and fee structure as is consistent with an employee in your then current position (or, if higher, your position immediately prior to the Change in Control of the Company); 

(vii) pay to you an amount equal to the value of all unused, earned and accrued vacation as of your Date of Termination pursuant to the company's policies in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control of the Company; provided, however, said payment shall be made no earlier than the first day of the seventh calendar month after the calendar month in which the Date of Termination occurs, or the earliest time permitted that Will not trigger a tax or penalty under the Section 409A Provisions; and 

(viii) provide for the immediate vesting of all stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and stock appreciation rights held by you, as of your Date of Termination, under any Company incentive compensation plan or other stock option plan and stock appreciation rights plan, and all such stock options and stock appreciation rights shall be exercisable for the remaining terms of the said options and rights. In the event such Immediate vesting is not permitted under law or the applicable benefit plan or award agreement, the Company shall provide a payment to you in cash of an amount equal to the value of the equity based compensation awards that would otherwise be forfeited as a result of your Qualifying Termination, based on the closing price of the Company's stock on your Date of Termination; provided, however, if the Company should determine that the said payment would constitute deferred compensation under the Section 409A Provisions, then said payment shall be made no earlier than the first day of the seventh calendar month after the calendar month in which the Date of Termination occurs, or the earliest time permitted that will not trigger a tax or penalty under the Section 409A Provisions. 

(c)	Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement or in the applicable compensation or stock option plan or program, all payments shall be made to you within thirty (30) days after your Date of Termination. The benefits in 
 6 

this Agreement are in addition to all accrued and vested benefits to which you are entitled under any of the Company's plans and arrangements (to the extent accrued and vested benefits are relevant under the particular plan or arrangement), including but not limited to, the accrued vested benefits you are eligible and entitled to receive under any of the Company's qualified and non-qualified benefit or retirement plans, or any successor plans in effect on your Date of Termination hereunder. For these purposes, accrued and vested benefits shall include any extra, special or additional benefits under such qualified and nonqualified benefit or retirement plans that become due because of the Change in Control of the Company. 
 (d)	You shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Section by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment provided for in this Section be reduced by any compensation earned by you as the result of employment by another employer after your Date of Termination, or otherwise. Except as provided herein, the Company shall have no right to set off against any amount owing hereunder any claim which it may have against you. 
 4. Certain Restrictions 

(a) Competitive Activity. In consideration of the foregoing, you agree that if your termination from employment is a Qualifying Termination, then during a period ending 36 months following your Date of Termination (the Non-Compete Period you shall not, directly or indirectly, engage in any Competitive Activity. If you engage in any Competitive Activity during the Non-Compete Period, the Company shall be entitled to recover any benefits paid to you under paragraph 3(a) of this Section C. For purposes of this Agreement, Competitive Activity shall mean your participation, without the written consent of the General Counsel of the Company, in the management of any business operation of any enterprise if such business operation (a Competitive Operation engages in substantial and direct competition with any business operation actively conducted by the Company or its divisions and Subsidiaries on your Date of Termination. For purposes of this paragraph, a business operation shall be considered a Competitive Operation if such business sells a competitive product or service which constitutes (i) 15 of that business's total sales, or (ii) 15 of the total sales of any individual subsidiary or division of that business and, in either event, the Company's sales of a similar product or service constitutes either 15 of the total sales of the Company or 15 of the total sales of any individual Subsidiary or division of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Competitive Activity shall not include the mere ownership of securities in any enterprise, or participation in the management of any enterprise or any business operation thereof, other than in connection with a Competitive Operation of such enterprise. 

(b) Non-Solicitation and Non-Interference. In consideration of the foregoing, you agree that if your termination from employment is a Qualifying Termination, then during a period ending 36 months following your Date of Termination (the Non-Solicitation and Non-Interference Period you shall not, without the prior written consent of the General Counsel of the Company, directly or indirectly: 

(i) solicit for employment (which shall include services as an employee, independent contractor or in any other like capacity) any person employed by the Company or its affiliated companies as of the date of such solicitation; or 

(ii) solicit any customer or other person with a business relationship with the Company or any of its affiliated companies to terminate, curtail or otherwise limit such business relationship; or 

(iii) in any other manner interfere in the business relationship the Company or any of its affiliated companies have with any customer or any third-party service provider or other vendor. 

If you engage in any such solicitation or interference during the Non-Solicitation and Non-interference Period, the Company shall be entitled to recover any and all amounts paid to you under paragraph 3(a) of this Section C. 
 (c)	Injunctive Relief. In the event of a breach or threatened breach of this paragraph 4 of this Section C, each party agrees that the non-breaching party shall be entitled to injunctive relief in a court of appropriate jurisdiction to remedy any such breach or threatened breach, the parties acknowledging that damages would be inadequate and insufficient. 
 SECTION D. MISCELLANEOUS 
 1. Assumption of Agreement. The Company will require any successor in interest: (a) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, share exchange or otherwise); or (b) to any portion of the business or assets of the Company to which your services relate, 

7 

as a result of the creation of an independent company through the sale or distribution of new shares of an existing business or other unit of the Company; in each case, by agreement in form and substance satisfactory to you, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. Failure of the Company to obtain such agreement prior to the effectiveness of any such succession shall be a breach of a material provision of this Agreement. 

2. Confidentiality. All Confidential Information which you acquire or have acquired in connection with or as a result of the performance of services for the Company, whether under this Agreement or prior to the effective date of this Agreement, shall be kept secret and confidential by you unless: 

(a) the Company otherwise consents; 

(b) the Company breaches any material provision of this Agreement, in which case you shall be entitled to make limited disclosure of Confidential Information only to the extent necessary to seek legal relief for such breach; 

(c) you are legally required to disclose such Confidential Information by a court of competent jurisdiction; 

(d) you disclose such Confidential Information to the Securities and Exchange Commission, to the extent necessary to report suspected or actual violations of U.S. securities laws; or 

(e) your disclosure of Confidential Information is protected under the whistleblower provisions of any other state or federal laws or regulations. 

You understand that if you make a disclosure of Confidential Information that is covered under subparagraph (d) or (e) above, you are not required to inform the Company, in advance or otherwise, that you have made such disclosure(s), and nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit you from maintaining the confidentiality of a claim with a governmental agency that is responsible for enforcing a law, or cooperating, participating or assisting in any governmental or regulatory entity investigation or proceeding. This covenant of confidentiality shall extend beyond the term of this Agreement and shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason and shall continue for so long as the information you have acquired remains Confidential Information. If you breach this covenant of confidentiality, the Company shall be entitled to recover from any benefits paid to you under this Agreement its damages resulting from such breach. 
 3. Employment. You agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and to remain in the employ of the Company or a Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, during any period following any public announcement by any person of any proposed transaction or transactions which, if effected, would result in a Change in Control of the Company until a Change in Control of the Company has taken place, However, nothing contained in this Agreement shall impair or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or a Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, to terminate your employment prior to a Change in Control of the Company. 

4. Arbitration. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach thereof, shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in accordance with the Center for Public Resources' Model ADR Procedures and Practices, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be restricted from seeking equitable relief, including injunctive relief as set forth in paragraph 5 of this Section, in the appropriate forum. Any cost of arbitration will be paid by the Company. in the event of a dispute over the existence of Good Reason or Cause after a Change in Control of the Company, then the Company, or the Subsidiary by which you are employed, as applicable, shall continue to pay your salary, bonuses and plan benefits pending resolution of the dispute. If you prevail in the arbitration, the amounts due to you under this Agreement are to be immediately paid to you. 

5. Injunctive Relief. You acknowledge and agree that the remedy of the Company at law for any breach of the covenants and agreements contained in paragraph 2 of this Section D and in Section C, paragraph 4 will be inadequate, and that the Company will be entitled to injunctive relief against any such breach or any threatened, imminent, probable or possible breach. You represent and agree that such injunctive relief shall not prohibit you from earning a livelihood acceptable to you. 

6. Notice. For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the respective addresses set forth on 

8 

the first page of this Agreement, provided that all notices to the Company shall be directed to the attention of the General Counsel of the Company, or to such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt. 

7. Indemnification. The Company will indemnify you to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware and the existing By-laws of the Company, in respect of all your services rendered to the Company and its divisions and Subsidiaries prior to your Date of Termination. You shall be entitled to the protection of any Insurance policies the Company now or hereafter maintains generally for the benefit of its directors, officers and employees (but only to the extent of the coverage afforded by the existing provisions of such policies) to protect against all costs, charges and expenses whatsoever incurred or sustained by you in connection with any action, suit or proceeding to which you may be made a party by reason of your being or having been a director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its divisions or Subsidiaries during your employment therewith. 

8. Further Assurances. Each party hereto agrees to furnish and execute such additional forms and documents, and to take such further action, as shall be reasonably and customarily required in connection with the performance of this Agreement or the payment of benefits hereunder. 

9. Miscellaneous. No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing signed by you and such officer(s) as may be specifically designated by the Board. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party, which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement, 

10. Termination of other Agreements. Upon execution by both parties, this Agreement shall terminate all prior employment and severance agreements, between you and the Company and its divisions or Subsidiaries. 

11. Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 

12. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 

13. Legal Fees And Expenses. Any other provision of this Agreement notwithstanding, the Company shall pay all legal fees and expenses which you may incur as a result of the Company s unsuccessful contesting of the validity, enforceability or your interpretation of, or determinations under, any part of this Agreement. 

14. Section 409A Provisions And Compliance. The intent of the parties is that this agreement comply with the Section 409A Provisions or is exempt therefrom, and accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be in accordance therewith. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the parties shall in good faith amend this Agreement to the limited extent necessary to comply with the requirements of the Section 409A Provisions in order to ensure that any amounts paid or payable hereunder are not subject to the additional 20 income tax thereunder while maintaining to the maximum extent practicable the original intent of this Agreement. With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by the Section 409A Provisions: (a) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (b) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year, and (c) such payments shall be made on or before the last business day of your taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred, or such earlier date as required hereunder. 

15. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Delaware. 

16. Agreement Binding on Successors, This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by your personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees, If you should die while any amounts would still be payable to you hereunder if you had continued to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid In accordance with the terms of this Agreement to you devisee, legatee, or other designee or, if there be no such designee, to your estate. 

9 

17. Headings. All Headings are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect any construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 

18. Tax Cutback. In the event that you shall become entitled to payments and/or benefits provided by this Agreement or any other amounts in the nature of compensation (whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement with the Company, any person whose actions result in a change of ownership or effective control covered by Section 280G(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code Code or any person affiliated with the Company or such person) as a result of such change in ownership or effective control (collectively the Company Payments ), and such Company Payments will be subject to the tax Excise Tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, the Company Payments shall be reduced (such reduction the Cutback to one dollar less than the amount which would result in such Company Payments being subject to the Excise Tax if after taking into account the Excise Tax and all U.S. federal, state, and local income and payroll tax upon the Company Payments if the net amount retained by you would be greater in the event of such reduction in 

Company Payments than if such reduction in Company Payments did not occur. To the extent the Cutback applies, the Company Payments shall be reduced in the following order: (a) payments under Section C, paragraph 3(a); (b) payments under Section C, paragraph 3(b)(ii), and lastly (c) the remaining payments under Section C on a pro-rata basis. Notwithstanding anything in this provision or Agreement to the contrary, you shall be solely liable for the Excise Tax, and shall hold the Company harmless for any liability, not including penalties and interest on such liability, for the Excise Tax including, but not limited to, for failing to withhold or pay over any Excise Tax. If the Cutback applies but for any reason you pay the Excise Tax, including any applicable interest and penalties, then the Company shall pay you an amount equal to the Cutback, plus interest on the Cutback amount at a reasonable market rate, plus any interest and penalties relating to the Excise Tax paid by you (plus a tax gross-up only on the Excise Tax interest and penalties). If the Cutback applies but for any reason the Company pays the Excise Tax, including any applicable interest and penalties, then the Company shall offset any amounts due from you, under this provision or otherwise, by an amount equal to the Cutback, plus interest on the Cutback amount at a reasonable market rate. 
 
 If this Agreement correctly sets forth our agreement on the subject matter hereof, please sign and return to the Company the enclosed copy of this Agreement which will then constitute our agreement on this matter. 
 
 [Signature page to follow] 
 
 Sincerely, 
 ASHLAND GLOBAL HOLDINGS INC. 
 By: ____________________________________ 

ACCEPTED this ___ day of _______________, _____. 

____________________________________ 
 [CEO name] 
 10 

</EX-10.69>

<EX-21>
 3
 ash-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Subsidiaries of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Ashland at September 30, 2021, included the companies listed below. 

Company 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

565 Corporation 
 
 Delaware 

Alera Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Alix Technologies LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Aloe Vemera, S.P.R de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Ash B5 Limited 
 
 Bermuda 

Ash GH One Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Ash GH Switzerland GmbH 
 
 Switzerland 

Ash Global Holdings Two B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

ASH GP INC. 
 
 Delaware 

Ash Junior Global Holding One LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Ash Junior Global Holding Two LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Ash Swiss Holding Two GmbH 
 
 Switzerland 

Ashland (Australasia) Pty. Limited 
 
 Australia 

Ashland (China) Holdings Co., Ltd. 
 
 CHINA, PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF 

Ashland (Gibraltar) One Holding, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Ashland (Thailand) Co., Ltd 
 
 Thailand 

Ashland Argentina S.R.L. 
 
 Argentina 

Ashland Canada Corp./Corporation Ashland Canada 
 
 Province of Nova Scotia 

Ashland Canada Holdings B. V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Ashland Chemco Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Ashland Chemical De Mexico S.A. De C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Ashland Chemical Trading (Shanghai) Company Limited 
 
 China 

Ashland Chemicals (Nanjing) Company Limited 
 
 CHINA, PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF 

Ashland Colombia S.A.S. 
 
 Colombia 

Ashland Comercio de Especialidades Quimicas do Brasil Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 

Ashland CZ s.r.o. 
 
 Czech Republic 

Ashland Eastern Markets LLC 
 
 Russian Federation 

Ashland Ethanol, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Ashland Finance Limited 
 
 Bermuda 

Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Ashland India Private Limited 
 
 India 

Ashland Industria de Ingredientes do Brasil Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 

Ashland Industries Deutschland GmbH 
 
 Germany 

Ashland Industries Europe GmbH 
 
 Switzerland 

Ashland Industries France SAS 
 
 France 

Ashland Industries Italia S.r.l. 
 
 Italy 

Ashland Industries Nederland B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Company 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Ashland Ingredients Poland Sp. z o.o. 
 
 Poland 

Ashland Italia S.r.l. 
 
 Italy 

Ashland Japan Ltd. 
 
 Japan 

Ashland Licensing and Intellectual Property LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Ashland LLC 
 
 Kentucky 

Ashland Mexico Holdings One, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Ashland Mexico Holdings Two, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Ashland Nigeria Exploration Unlimited 
 
 Nigeria 

Ashland Oil (Nigeria) Company Unlimited 
 
 Nigeria 

Ashland Oil, Inc. 
 
 Kentucky 

Ashland Pacific Pty. Ltd. 
 
 Australia 

Ashland Pharmachem International Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Ashland Services B. V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Ashland Services Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Ashland Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

Ashland Spain Real Estate Holdings, S.L. 
 
 Spain 

Ashland Specialties Austria GmbH 
 
 Austria 

Ashland Specialties Belgium BVBA 
 
 Belgium 

Ashland Specialties Chemicals Commerce Limited 
 
 Turkey 

Ashland Specialties France S.a.r.l. 
 
 France 

Ashland Specialties Hispania S.L. 
 
 Spain 

Ashland Specialties Ireland Limited 
 
 Ireland 

Ashland Specialties (Shanghai) Co. Ltd 
 
 CHINA, PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF 

Ashland Specialties Sverige AB 
 
 Sweden 

Ashland Specialties UK Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

ASHLAND SPECIALTY CHEMICAL (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD. 
 
 Singapore 

Ashland Specialty Chemical Korea Co., Ltd. 
 
 Korea, Republic of 

ASHLAND SPECIALTY CHEMICALS (MALAYSIA) SDN.BHD 
 
 Malaysia 

Ashland Specialty Ingredients G.P. 
 
 Delaware 

Ashland-Alaskan, Limited 
 
 Alaska 

Ashland-Plasticos De Portugal, Lda. 
 
 Portugal 

Ashmont Insurance Company, Inc. 
 
 Vermont 

Ashprop Two LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Avoca LLC 
 
 North Carolina 

Avoele, S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Belleville Realty Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

Blazer Properties LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Bluegrass Insurance Company Limited 
 
 Bermuda 

CLTA LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Curtis Bay Insurance Co. Ltd 
 
 Bermuda 

CVG Capital III LLC 
 
 Delaware 

East Bay Realty Services, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

FJR, Inc. 
 
 Georgia 

Company 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Hercofina 
 
 Delaware 

Hercules Holding BV BVBA 
 
 Belgium 

Hercules Hydrocarbon Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Hercules International Limited, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Hercules Investment ApS 
 
 Denmark 

Hercules Investments Netherlands B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Hercules Islands Corporation 
 
 VIRGIN ISLANDS (US) 

Hercules LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Hercules Paper Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Hercules Trading (Shanghai) Company Limited 
 
 CHINA, PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF 

International Specialty Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

International Specialty Products (India) Private Limited 
 
 India 

International Specialty Products Funding Corporation 
 
 Delaware 

International Specialty Products Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

ISP (Belgium) International N. V. 
 
 Belgium 

ISP Alginates Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

ISP Canada Corp. 
 
 Province of Nova Scotia 

ISP Capital LLC 
 
 Delaware 

ISP Chemco LLC 
 
 Delaware 

ISP Chemical Products LLC 
 
 Delaware 

ISP Chemicals LLC 
 
 Delaware 

ISP Environmental Services Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

ISP France Holding SARL 
 
 France 

ISP France Marketing SARL 
 
 France 

ISP Freetown Fine Chemicals Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

ISP Freight Services N. V. 
 
 Belgium 

ISP Global Operations (Barbados) Inc. 
 
 Barbados 

ISP Global Technologies Deutschland Unterstutzungskasse GmbH 
 
 Germany 

ISP Global Technologies Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

ISP Global Technologies LLC 
 
 Delaware 

ISP HC Limited 
 
 Cyprus 

ISP Holdings (U.K.) Ltd. 
 
 United Kingdom 

ISP Hungary Holdings Limited Liability Company 
 
 Hungary 

ISP International Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

ISP Investments LLC 
 
 Delaware 

ISP Lima LLC 
 
 Delaware 

ISP Luxembourg Canada S.a.r.l. 
 
 Luxembourg 

ISP Management Company, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Ashland Specialties Deutschland GmbH 
 
 Germany 

ISP Microcaps (U.K.) Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

ISP Pharma Systems LLC 
 
 Delaware 

ISP Real Estate Company, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

ISP Singapore Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Company 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

ISP Technologies LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Pakistan Gum Industries (Private) Limited 
 
 Pakistan 

Pharmachem Laboratories LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Pharmachem Laboratories Utah, LLC 
 
 Utah 

Progiven S.A.S. 
 
 France 

Proprietary Nutritionals LLC 
 
 Delaware 

PT Ashland Asia 
 
 Indonesia 

PT. Ashland Specialty Chemicals Indonesia 
 
 Indonesia 

Ralop, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Shanghai Ashland Chemical Technology Development Co., Ltd. 
 
 CHINA, PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF 

Schulke Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Schulke Mayr Italia S.R.L. 
 
 Italy 

St Croix Petrochemical Corp 
 
 VIRGIN ISLANDS (US) 

Taiwan Ashland Co., Ltd. 
 
 TAIWAN 

Techwax Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Tri-State Growth Capital Fund I, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 

Vemera, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

WSP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ash-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 
 1. Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-131792-01) pertaining to the 2006 Ashland Inc. Incentive Plan, 

2. Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-172019-01 and 333-186408-01) pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2011 Ashland Inc. Incentive Plan, 

3. Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-201895-01) pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2015 Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Incentive Plan, 

4. Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-222841) pertaining to the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, 

5. Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 33-62091-01) pertaining to the Ashland Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, 

6. Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 33-52125-01) pertaining to the Ashland Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Formerly known as Ashland Oil, Inc. Deferred Compensation and Stock Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors), 

7. Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-122269-01) pertaining to the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Employees (2005), 

8. Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-122270-01) pertaining to the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (2005), 

9. Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 33-32612-100, 333-157040-01 and 333-203840-01) pertaining to the Ashland Employee Savings Plan, 

10. Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-155396-01 and 333-203840-01) pertaining to the Ashland Union Employee Savings Plan (Formerly known as the Hercules Incorporated Savings and Investment Plan), 

11. Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-184109-01 and 333-203840-01) pertaining to the International Specialty Products Inc. 401(k) Plan, 

12. Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (No. 333-214069) of Ashland Global Holdings Inc., 

13. Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-215077) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Ashland Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Employees (2005) and the Amended and Restated Ashland Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (2005). 

of our reports dated November 22, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Grandview Heights, Ohio 
 November 22, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 ash-ex23_2.htm
 EX-23.2

EX-23.2 

Exhibit 23.2 
 CONSENT OF GNARUS ADVISORS LLC 
 
 We hereby consent to being named in Ashland Global Holdings Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 in the form and context in which we are named. We do not authorize or cause the filing of such Annual Report and do not make or purport to make any statement other than as reflected in the Annual Report. 

/s/ Jessica B. Horewitz 
 Gnarus Advisors LLC 
 November 22, 2021 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-24>
 6
 ash-ex24.htm
 EX-24

EX-24 

EXHIBIT 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each of the undersigned Directors and Officers of ASHLAND GLOBAL HOLDINGS INC., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), which anticipates filing an Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission, under the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, hereby constitute and appoint GUILLERMO NOVO and YVONNE WINKLER VON MOHRENFELS, and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act without the others to sign and file such Annual Report and the exhibits thereto and any and all other documents in connection therewith, and any such amendments thereto, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and to do and perform any and all acts and things requisite and necessary to be done in connection with the foregoing as fully as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Dated: November 22, 2021 

EXHIBIT 24 

/s/ Guillermo Novo 

/s/ Wetteny Joseph 

Guillermo Novo, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Wetteny Joseph, Director 

/s/ J. Kevin Willis 

/s/ Jerome A. Peribere 

J. Kevin Willis, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

Jerome A Peribere, Director 

/s/ Eric N. Boni 

/s/ Ricky C. Sandler 

Eric N. Boni, Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Ricky C. Sandler, Director 

/s/ Brendan M. Cummins 

/s/ Janice J. Teal 

Brendan M. Cummins, Director 

Janice J. Teal, Director 

/s/ William G. Dempsey 

/s/ Susan L. Main 

William G. Dempsey, Director 

Susan L. Main, Director 

/s/ Jay V. Ihlenfeld 

Jay V. Ihlenfeld, Director 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ash-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Guillermo Novo, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Ashland Global Holdings Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 22, 2021 

/s/ Guillermo Novo 

Guillermo Novo 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ash-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, J. Kevin Willis, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Ashland Global Holdings Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 22, 2021 

/s/ J. Kevin Willis 

J. Kevin Willis 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 9
 ash-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32 
 
 ASHLAND GLOBAL HOLDINGS INC. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned, Guillermo Novo, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and J. Kevin Willis, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Guillermo Novo 

Guillermo Novo Chief Executive Officer November 22, 2021 

/s/ J. Kevin Willis 

J. Kevin Willis Chief Financial Officer November 22, 2021 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 ash-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 ash-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 ash-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 ash-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 ash-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

