<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20210105_10-K_edgar_data_825322_0001493152-21-000239.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7621119</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>338968</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>522113</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2318696</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2536613</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1706032</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-000239.hdr.sgml : 20210105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20210105172745
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-000239
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20200630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MPHASE TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000825322
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				222287503
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30202
		FILM NUMBER:		21507300

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9841 WASHINGTONIAN BLVD, SUITE 390
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20878
		BUSINESS PHONE:		301-329-2700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9841 WASHINGTONIAN BLVD, SUITE 390
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20878

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TECMA LABORATORIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980915

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-000239.txt : 20210105

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-K 

(Mark
One) 

[X] 
 ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020 

or 

[ ] 
 TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the transition period from ____________________ to ___________________ 

Commission
File Number 000-30202 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

New
 Jersey 
 
 22-2287503 
 
 (State
 of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

9841
 Washingtonian Blvd #390 

Gaithersburg,
 MD 
 
 20878 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: (301) 329-2700 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common stock, 0.01 par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 [ ] Yes [X] No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 [X]
Yes [ ] No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large
 accelerated filer [ ] 
 Accelerated
 filer [ ] 
 
 Non-accelerated
 filer [ ] 
 Smaller
 reporting company [X] 

Emerging
 growth company [ ] 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule12b-2 of the Act). 

 [ ] Yes [X] No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December
31, 2019, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately 6.7
million. 

As of January 1, 2021, 75,763,376
shares of common stock were outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None 

mPhase
Technologies, Inc. 

 Form
10-K 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 
 
 1 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 12 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 21 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 22 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 22 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 22 

PART II 
 
 22 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 22 

ITEM
 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 23 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 24 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS 
 28 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 28 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 28 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTORLS AND PROCEDURES 
 29 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 29 

PART III 
 
 30 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 30 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 31 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 33 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 34 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 36 

PART IV 
 
 37 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXIBITIS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 37 

ii 

PART
I 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). All statements other than statements of historical fact could be deemed forward-looking statements. Statements that
include words such as may, will, might, projects, expects, 
 plans, believes, anticipates, targets, intends, hopes, 
 aims, can, should, could, would, goal, potential, 
 approximately, estimate, pro forma, continue or pursue or
the negative of these words or other words or expressions of similar meaning may identify forward-looking statements. For example,
forward-looking statements include any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations;
any statements concerning proposed new products, services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions
or performance; statements of belief and any statement of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. 

These
forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other documents referred
to and relate to a variety of matters, including, but not limited to, other statements that are not purely statements of historical
fact. These forward-looking statements are made on the basis of the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of management,
are not guarantees of performance and are subject to significant risks and uncertainty. These forward-looking statements should
not be relied upon as predictions of future events and mPhase Technologies, Inc. (the Company cannot assure you
that the events or circumstances discussed or reflected in these statements will be achieved or will occur. Furthermore, if such
forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in
these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by the Company or any
other person that the Company will achieve its objectives and plans in any specified timeframe, or at all. 

These
forward-looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various important factors, including those set forth in
 Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company disclaims
any obligation to publicly update or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events,
except as required by law. 

PART
I 

Throughout
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company, mPhase, we, us, and our 
refers to mPhase Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General
Description of the Business 

mPhase
Technologies, Inc. mPhase or the Company is a publicly-held New Jersey corporation which was organized
on October 2, 1996. The Company has over 23,000 shareholders and 19,174,492 shares of common stock outstanding at June 30, 2020.
The Company s common stock is traded on the OTCQB under the ticker symbol XDSL. The Company is headquartered in Gaithersburg,
Maryland. The Company employs ninety full-time employees, two of which are officers of the Company and twelve part-time consultants,
eleven of which provide technology platform development services and one that provides accounting services. Subsidiary companies
in India employ a total of 40 software engineers and data analysis experts. 

As
of January 11, 2019, the Company underwent a major change in management and control. The Company entered into an Employment Agreement
with Mr. Anshu Bhatnagar to become the new President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the Company. Mr. Bhatnagar
is also the President and CEO of Verus International, Inc. (ticker symbol VRUS a publicly-held company. Mr. Bhatnagar
replaced Mr. Ronald Durando who resigned as CEO. Mr. Durando remained a Director of the Company until his resignation from such
position effective March 20, 2019. Effective January 11, 2019 all of the other prior Officers and Directors of the Company resigned
their respective positions. On January 28, 2019, Mr. Smiley, the former CFO of the Company, was reappointed as interim CFO and
on June 6, 2019, Mr. Smiley resigned as CFO of the Company and was replaced by Christopher Cutchens. Under the terms of Mr. Bhatnagar s
Employment Agreement, he will receive a base salary of 275,000 per annum and was granted 2,620,899 shares of Common Stock, representing
20 of the Company s Common Stock then outstanding at January 11, 2019. In addition, Mr. Bhatnagar, pursuant to the terms
of a Transition Agreement shall earn the right to be issued 4 of additional shares of the Company s Common Stock for each
 1 million of gross revenue generated by the Company. Once the Company has achieved gross revenue of not less than 15,000,000
or is up-listed to a National Securities Exchange, Mr. Bhatnagar will have earned the remaining amount of the Company s
Common Stock not to exceed 80 of the shares outstanding at January 11, 2019 as adjusted for the Reverse Split of the Company s
Common Stock as described below. As of December 31, 2019, the Company achieved gross revenue in excess of 15,000,000 and Mr.
Bhatnagar earned the remaining maximum amount of the Company s Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Transition
Agreement. 

1 

The
new management of the Company is positioning the Company to become a leader in software relating to artificial intelligence and
machine learning while pursuing a more rapid commercial development of its patent portfolio and other intellectual property. Artificial
Intelligence is just simple math executed on an enormous scale. The more calculations a system can process, the more possible
it is for that system to emulate human-like cognitive abilities. With the advent of cloud infrastructure, GPU-accelerated processing
and deep learning architectures, it is now commercially viable to perform this math at such speeds and efficiency that Artificial
Intelligence (human-like cognitive abilities) can be embedded directly into business operations, platform architectures, business
services and customer experiences. The goal is to generate a faster growth of revenues for the Company. 

On
February 4, 2019, the Company announced the formation of mPhase Technologies India, Pvt, Ltd to focus on software and technology
development for new and existing projects. On February 6, 2019, the Company announced that it has commenced discussions with a
global pharmaceutical company to explore the use of mPhase s Smart Surface technology for transdermal drug
delivery. mPhase s current technology uses electronic or other external stimulus to dispense an unattended, predetermined
quantity of drug or medical agent through a smart surface membrane. On February 19, 2019, the Company announced and began assembling
a team in India of highly qualified software and technology experts in the fields of artificial intelligence and machine learning
to work as part of its newly formed Center of Excellence India division. 

On
March 7, 2019, the Company announced the acquisition of Travel Buddhi, a software platform to enhance travel via ultra-customization
tools that tailor a planned trip experience in ways not previously available. The Company is moving in a new strategic direction
of modification and modernization of its existing technology to make it smart and connected as part
of the internet of things. 

Effective
May 22, 2019 the Company completed a 5,000/1 reverse split of its Common stock reducing its authorized shares to 25 million shares
of Common Stock. 

On
June 30, 2019, the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement SPA to acquire a controlling interest in Alpha
Predictions, LLP, Alpha Predictions an India-based technology company. Alpha Predictions had 15 professionals
comprised of a team of data specialists who developed a suite of commercial data analysis products for use across multiple industries.
The product offering included software covering eight categories: inventory, stock management, marketing optimization, sentiment
analysis, customer segmentation and behavior, agro-tech image detection, electrocardiogram automation, and a recommendation engine
with multiple uses. 

On
August 27, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved the filing of an amendment (the Amendment to the
Company s Certificate of Incorporation to increase the authorized shares of common stock from 25 million shares to 100 million
shares pursuant to Section 14A:7-2(4) of the Business Corporation Law of the State of New Jersey. The Amendment was filed with
the State of New Jersey on September 4, 2019. 

On May 11, 2020, the Company entered into
an Asset Purchase Agreement to acquire all assets owned, used or held in connection with the business, other than
excluded assets and assumed certain liabilities of CloseComms Limited CloseComms ). The most substantial
acquired asset was a patented, software application platform that can be integrated into a retail customer s
existing Wi-Fi infrastructure, giving the retailer important customer data and enabling AI-enhanced, targeted promotions to drive
store traffic and sales. Other acquired assets included cash and computer and office equipment, while assumed liabilities included
certain compensation related liabilities attributed to engaging the operational team on a consulting basis for a minimum of one
(1) year. 

On
June 10, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved the filing of an amendment (the Amendment to the
Company s Certificate of Incorporation to increase the authorized shares of common stock from 100 million shares to 250
million shares pursuant to Section 14A:7-2(4) of the Business Corporation Law of the State of New Jersey. The Amendment was filed
with the State of New Jersey on July 14, 2020. 

2 

On
July 15, 2020, the Company entered into an exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement with its Chief Executive
Officer Holder ), whereby earned and issued warrants to purchase 37,390,452 shares of the Company s Common
Stock (the Cancelled Warrants pursuant to the terms of that certain Transition Agreement (the Transition
Agreement and Warrant Agreement (the Warrant Agreement each between the Company and Holder and dated as
of January 11, 2019 were forfeited and exchanged for (i) 37,390,452 shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Shares and (ii) the cancellation and termination of the Transition Agreement and Warrant Agreement. The Cancelled Warrants had an exercise
price of 0.50 per share and were not subject to expiration. Such Exchange Agreement is intended to make the Company s capitalization
more attractive to potential investors and to remove the uncertainty associated with any future grants of warrants under the Transition
Agreement and Warrant Agreement, although there can be no assurance of any future investments on terms that are attractive to
the Company, or at all. Immediately prior to the Company s entry into the Exchange Agreement, it was determined that 5,650,708
additional warrants (the Additional Warrants to purchase the Company s Common Stock were due to and issued
to the Holder in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Transition Agreement as the Transition Agreement required certain
liabilities to be eliminated by the prior management team within six months of the Transition Agreement s effective date
of January 11, 2019. However, the Additional Warrants were immediately cancelled and terminated with the intention of mitigating
potential liabilities arising from certain issuances of the Company s Common Stock below the minimum price of 0.50 per
share as stated within the Transition Agreement. 

On
August 3, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved the filing of an amendment (the Amendment to the
Company s Certificate of Incorporation to increase the authorized shares of common stock from 250 million shares to 500
million shares pursuant to Section 14A:7-2(4) of the Business Corporation Law of the State of New Jersey. The Amendment was filed
with the State of New Jersey on August 4, 2020. 

Description
of Operations 

Platform
Technology 

Artificial
Intelligence and Machine Learning 

Through
its acquisition of Alpha Predictions located in India, the Company acquired a team of 15 software engineers and data analysis
experts capable of enabling the Company to provide products in the artificial intelligence and machine learning areas. Additionally,
through its recent transaction with CloseComms, the Company has contracted with 11 software engineer consultants enabling the
Company to provide retail customers important customer data while enabling AI-enhanced, targeted promotions to drive store traffic
and sales. The Company has in place and is developing proprietary software to enable customers to enhance their business capabilities
by providing sophisticated digital analysis of large volumes of data to provide sophisticated solutions to complex problems. 

3 

Smart
Surfaces 

The
surface is an important part of virtually every physical object and often plays an overriding role in many processes, beyond mere
connectivity and structural support, but more deeply into areas involving chemical and biological interactions. In some instances,
the surface provides an easy entry into the chemical or biological systems; in others it protects the internal elements of the
object, surrounded by the surfaces. 

The
Company s current technology platform is the Smart Surface. By being able to control the surface properties of materials
down to the nanometer scale, new and improved devices can be designed and built that may lead to compelling business opportunities.
One type of smart surface of particular interest allows properties to be changed in response to an external stimulus. 

Initially,
the Company s development focused on Micro Electronic Mechanic Systems (MEMS) devices by manipulating the surface of silicon
materials the same material used to make microelectronic materials and devices. Using physical and chemical processes,
the surface of the silicon is modified to make solid porous structures known as membranes. This is where microfluidics comes into
play. These membranes can be used to selectively control the flow of liquids through the pores or openings at the micrometer length
scale. 

Surfaces
may be characterized as hydrophilic or hydrophobic depending on whether or not they attract or repel water (or other liquids).
A hydrophilic surface can be wet and adsorbs water. A hydrophobic surface, on the other hand, cannot be wet. Hydrophilic and hydrophobic
surfaces are abundant in nature and in synthetic materials, both organic and inorganic in chemical composition. A familiar example
of a hydrophilic surface is a sponge that readily soaks up water. By contrast, many plant leaves and flower petals are hydrophobic,
as are insect parts and bird feathers. Synthetic hydrophobic surfaces include Scotchgard treated fabric, Teflon coated
metal, or Rain-X coated glass. On a hydrophobic surface, water beads up and can move around without being absorbed by the
solid material that it is resting on. 

So-called
superhydrophobic surfaces are also found in nature and can now be replicated in the lab. The lotus leaf and rose petal, for example,
exhibit super-hydrophobicity. Here water droplets form almost perfect spheres with hardly any contact with the underlying solid
surface. This makes the liquid even easier to move and manipulate. The synthesis of superhydrophobic surfaces has recently been
made possible by advances in nanotechnology and the Company is leading the way to better understand and create materials and devices
incorporating these unique surface properties. 

As
the Company s research and development efforts evolve, in addition to silicon materials, the ability to control the surface
properties of materials can be extended to other substances such as polymers, ceramics, metals, and fibers providing opportunities
for our platform technology to be used in a range of potential applications such as energy storage and power management for portable
electronics and microelectronics, self-cleaning surfaces, filters for water purification or desalination systems, materials for
environmental remediation that separate liquids or solvents, and other situations where the control of the interaction of a solid
surface exposed to a liquid is vitally important. 

4 

Smart
NanoBattery 

Battery
technology has changed little in its fundamentals over the past 150 years. As a result, ordinary batteries begin dissipating energy
as soon as they are assembled and therefore have limited shelf life. Chemistries are fixed inside the package so the user cannot
interact with the contents to program functionality. The size and form of batteries have not kept pace with the miniaturization
of electrical components, microprocessors and integrated circuits. As a result, the optimal implementation of an electronic device
is not always achieved. Some batteries contain chemicals that are not considered safe or environmentally friendly green ).
This makes disposal a potential issue. 

The
Company is challenging this convention by using their proprietary superhydrophobic porous silicon membrane technology as the basis
to build the Smart NanoBattery, a reserve battery providing Power On Command prior to initial activation. 

Super-hydrophobicity
initially keeps the liquid electrolyte physically separated from the solid electrodes of the battery, thus preventing the chemical
reactions from occurring that cause the battery to provide power. This gives the Smart NanoBattery the benefit of potentially
infinite shelf life. 

A
conventional battery loses some capacity while sitting on the shelf in its package or stored in an electronic or electrical device,
even before being used for the first time. On the other hand, the Smart NanoBattery is built so that it is inactive and remains
that way indefinitely until it is turned on. No power is lost to self-discharge or leakage current prior to activation. When needed,
the Smart NanoBattery can be activated on command via the phenomenon of electrowetting. The surface properties of the porous silicon
membrane are selectively controlled to shift instantly from a superhydrophobic to hydrophilic state. In other words, electrowetting
acts as the triggering mechanism. 

The
Company has successfully fabricated and demonstrated its first 3-volt lithium-based Smart NanoBattery, based on a design allowing
either manual or remote activation by the user, the feature known as Power on Command . 

By
incorporating the phenomenon of electrowetting on nanostructured surfaces into a revolutionary way of storing energy, the Smart
NanoBattery provides power to portable electronic and microelectronic devices exactly when and where it is needed. As a reserve
battery it is an augmentation to conventional primary batteries. The nanobattery converts stored chemical energy into usable electrical
energy, but in a way that is potentially more reliable, more versatile, more environmentally friendly, and less expensive than
conventional primary batteries. 

Applications 

Artificial
Intelligence and Machine Learning 

The
Company has recently acquired technologies focused on artificial intelligence and machine learning. The related proprietary software
enable customers to enhance their business capabilities by providing sophisticated digital analysis of large volumes of data to
provide sophisticated solutions to complex problems. The current product offering includes a Learning Management System LMS platform that allows customers to customize their training and become embedded on the platform and a patented, software application
platform that can be integrated into a retail customer s existing Wi-Fi infrastructure, giving the retailer important customer
data and enabling AI-enhanced, targeted promotions to drive store traffic and sales 

Smart
Surfaces and NanoBattery 

The
Company is exploring military and commercial applications of smart surfaces in which the properties can be accurately and precisely
controlled down to the nanometer scale. Electrowetting allows the switching from a hydrophobic to hydrophilic state as a result
of an electronic stimulus. 

5 

The
Smart NanoBattery, the Company s first smart surface product, has a unique architecture that enables a shelf life of decades,
remote activation, programmable control, scalable manufacturing, and adaptability to multiple configurations. The value proposition
to the end user is to have a source of energy or power that is literally always ready reliable, convenient, low cost 
a battery guaranteed to work at full capacity when and where you need it. 

The
Smart NanoBattery can conceivably supply power on command to a wide variety of portable electronic and microelectronic
devices used in military, medical, industrial, and consumer applications. 

The
Company has demonstrated that the battery works in lab tests as well as in a significant field test conducted for the U.S. Army
as part of a guided munitions project. The relationship with the Army also included an 850,000 funded project to develop a battery
for a mission critical computer memory backup application. The target was a small footprint, 3-volt lithium battery with a minimum
shelf life of 20 years and uninterruptible power output during this time period. To the best of the Company s knowledge,
no other battery technology available today can deliver the long-term performance requirements specified by the U.S. Army for
this application. 

The
Smart NanoBattery can potentially be designed to accommodate a variety of sophisticated portable electronic and microelectronic
devices including next-generation cell phones, handheld gaming devices, wireless sensor systems, radio frequency identification
tags, high-tech flashlights and beacons, health alert alarms, and non-implantable and implantable medical devices such as pacemakers. 

Initial
applications will address the need to supply emergency and backup power to a range of products for defense and security, with
future applications in the commercial and consumer arenas. 

Strategic
Alliances 

Artificial
Intelligence and Machine Learning 

The
Company has contracts with three separate customers to provide, including but not limited to, software, training, and support
services as required. The contracts provide for initial revenue streams as well as subsequent revenue for training, support, updates
and maintenance services as provided. 

Smart
NanoBattery 

The
Company continued during 2020, together with Picatinny Arsenal, to jointly seek federal funding under SBIR grants to develop additional
new products for military small munitions applications. The Company has a strong historic cooperative relationship for product
development and testing with Picatinny Arsenal having entered into 3 CRADA s (Cooperative Research Agreements) with this
small munitions testing facility of the U.S. Army The Company seek opportunities with various potential academic partners to obtain
further STTR grants for new product research and development. 

In
2007, the Company entered into a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement CRADA with Picatinny Arsenal to
test the single cell version of the Smart NanoBattery suitable for future research and development programs for projectile launched
munitions. From 2007 through the first quarter of calendar year 2010, numerous internal laboratory air gun simulation tests were
performed, including a live-air gun and live gun fired test at the United States Army s facility at Aberdeen Proving Grounds,
Aberdeen, Maryland. A prototype of the Smart NanoBattery was the subject of a live fire test as part of a projectile fired out
of an Abrams Tank. The results of the test indicated that the battery was activated by 10,000 G forces indicating that it could
supply energy necessary to operate a guidance system for small munitions. In addition, the Smart NanoBattery demonstrated extreme
resiliency to shock and acceleration since, it survived tests that subjected it to high acceleration of over 30,000 G forces. 

6 

On
February 9, 2011, the Company announced that it had signed a 3-year CRADA with the U.S. Army Armament Research, Development, and
Engineering Center (ARDEC) at Picatinny, New Jersey, to continue to cooperatively test and evaluate the mPhase Smart NanoBattery,
including new design features functionally appropriate for DoD based systems requiring portable power sources. The army researchers
are evaluating the prototypes using the Army s testing facilities at Picatinny Arsenal in New Jersey to determine applicability
of the technology to gun fired munitions and potentially to incorporate the technologies into research and development and other
programs sponsored by Picatinny. The Research Agreement is supported by the Fuze Precision Armaments Technology Directorate.
In order for significant further research and development to be performed with respect to the Smart Nano Battery the Company will
have to be successful in obtaining additional congressional funding specifically designated for this type of battery. This CRADA
was renewed on March 27, 2014 for an additional three-year period by the Army. The Company is currently seeking to enter a new
CRADA with the U.S. Army, subject to availability of funding. 

Products
and Services 

Since
its inception in 1996, the Company has been focused on the development of intellectual property involving high technology innovative
solutions and products with high-growth potential. The Company has previously served as an incubator for exploratory research
and initial development for products that are best characterized as having a high risk/high reward profile since they involve
exploratory research to achieve significant scientific breakthroughs from existing products that can have a substantial economic
impact and benefit upon successful commercialization. Since January 11, 2019, the new management of the Company has shifted the
focus to the rapid expansion of profit centers centered around the rapid creation, either by acquisition or fast development of
software platforms that will enable the Company to generate revenue from artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies. 

Competitive
Business Conditions 

The
industry of artificial intelligence and machine learning software is highly competitive. Well capitalized companies such as Amazon,
Google, IBM and Microsoft are devoting significant resources and capital in developing customer products and solutions using this
technology. Such companies have far greater resources than the Company. The Company believes, however, that it has assembled a
group in India of highly qualified software and technology experts on a very cost-effective basis. The Company is also acquiring
entities that have already established customer relationships, revenues and market niches that will enable the Company to leverage
off such capabilities, and where appropriate, enhance its existing technology in the area of Smart Surfaces described
below. 

Artificial
Intelligence and Machine Learning Segment 

Artificial
intelligence is the use of machines to do cognitive work such as problem solving, pattern matching and creating new patterns.
Machine learning is a subset of artificial intelligence which refers to training a machine as opposed to simply programming it.
Artificial intelligence has the potential to revolutionize nearly all aspects of business across sections and functions. Currently
only a small percentage of organizations have deployed artificial intelligence but this is changing quickly. There is a high correlation
between organizations that are far along in digitizing their information and those that are ready for products and solutions provided
by artificial intelligence and machine learning providers. The Company has acquired and is developing significant product capabilities
in this area. 

7 

Battery
Segment 

The
Company believes that the design and functionality of its lithium Smart NanoBattery make it unique to the portable electronics
battery market segment. To the best of our knowledge, there is no existing product that directly competes with the Smart NanoBattery
in terms of its combination of small size and reserve design. As a reserve battery, the Smart NanoBattery remains dormant until
it is activated on command. It does not self-discharge or die prior to its first activation, thereby offering extremely long shelf
life prior to use as either a primary or backup battery in a device. Shelf life is projected to be in excess of twenty years. 

There
are numerous thin film batteries based on lithium metal, lithium ion and lithium polymer, as well as other chemistries, used in
military devices, portable electronics, RFID tags and wireless sensor networks, that are similar in size to the Smart NanoBattery,
often referred to as microbatteries. None of these designs is based on reserve battery architectures. Thin film batteries are
manufactured by companies including Cymbet Corporation, Front Edge Technology, Infinite Power Solutions, ITN Energy Systems, Johnson
Research and Development Company, KSW Microtec, Lithium Technology Corporation, MPower Solutions, Oak Ridge Micro-Energy, Power
Paper, Solicore, VoltaFlex Corporation. Large companies such as Energizer, Ultralife, Varta and Proctor Gamble are also
involved with developing thin film batteries. Thin film battery markets are anticipated to grow substantially as the result of
a wide expansion of portable devices in that time frame. With 3.5 billion cell phone users and 67 billion RFID tags per year,
it is expected that there will be substantial commercial demand for thin film batteries. 

Traditional
reserve batteries are distinct from the mPhase Smart NanoBattery in terms of size and activation mechanism. The market for reserve
batteries has largely been limited to the military for supplying power to munitions and other mission-critical electronic devices.
The traditional reserve battery tends to be larger and certain types are built by hand and contain mechanical parts to activate
the battery. The Smart NanoBattery relies on the phenomenon of electrowetting to initiate activation or a mechanical barrier that
can be broken, in the case of the breakable barrier design. Traditional reserve batteries for military applications have been
supplied by companies such as EaglePicher, Yardney and Storage Battery Systems, Inc. The Company believes that it may be able
to significantly reduce the cost of its Smart Nanobattery with the recent discovery of the potential of printing 
the battery on a form of graphite rather than traditional silicon surface. The Company, through its working relationship with
Stevens Institute, began in fiscal year 2012 to investigate the feasibility of the use of graphite which is much stronger, flexible
and inexpensive than traditional silicon. 

Outsourcing 

Research
and Development 

The
Company has historically practiced an outsourcing model whereby it contracts with third party vendors to perform research and
development rather than performing the bulk of these functions internally. From February of 2004 through March of 2007, the Company
engaged Lucent/Bell Labs (now Nokia) to develop, using the science of nanotechnology, micro power cell arrays creating a structure
for zinc batteries that separated the chemicals or electrolytes prior to initial activation. This was done by suspending on nano
grass or small spoke-like pieces of silicon a liquid electrolyte taking advantage of a superhydrophobic effect that occurs as
a result of the ability to manipulate materials of a very small size or less than 1/50,000 the size of a human hair. The Company
has, as a result of outsourcing, been able to have access to facilities, equipment and research capabilities that the Company
would not be able to develop on its own given the financial resources and time that would be required to build or acquire such
research capabilities. The Company has also been able to achieve key strategic alliances with the U.S. Army to successfully test,
under military combat conditions, its SmartBattery design, leading to further validation of its path to product development under
a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA). In addition, the Company has formed a relationship with Energy Storage
Research Group, a center of excellence at Rutgers University, in New Jersey, that has enabled the Company to expand its battery
development from a zinc to a lithium battery capable of delivering significantly more power. During fiscal years 2009 and 2010,
the Company outsourced considerable foundry work for final development of the Smart NanoBattery to Silex, a Swedish company. 

8 

During
the period from March of 2005 to April of 2007, the Company engaged the Bell Labs division of Lucent Technologies, Inc. to develop
a magnetometer or electronic sensor also using the science of nanotechnology. Although the Company has, in order to conserve financial
resources, currently suspended further development of its magnetometer product line, we believe that the intellectual property
developed from the research to date could be resumed to develop viable military and industrial products depending upon future
financial resources of the Company and future competitive market conditions. 

Commencing
in fiscal year ended June 30, 2013, the Company has limited product development of its Smart NanoBattery in order to conserve
resources. The Company continues through the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, to protect its intellectual property with respect
to the Smart NanoBattery through active management of its patent portfolio. 

Patents
and Licenses 

The
Company has filed and intends to file United States patents and/or copyright applications relating to some of our proposed products
and technologies, either with our collaborators, strategic partners or on our own. There can be no assurance however, that any
of the patents obtained will be adequate to protect our technologies or that we will have sufficient resources to enforce our
patents. 

Because
we may license our technology and products in foreign markets, we may also seek foreign patent protection for some specific patents.
With respect to foreign patents, the patent laws of other countries may differ significantly from those of the United States as
to the patentability of our products or technology. In addition, it is possible that competitors in both the United States and
foreign countries, many of which have substantially greater resources and have made substantial investments in competing technologies,
may have applied for, or may in the future apply for and obtain, patents, which will have an adverse impact on our ability to
make and sell our products. There can also be no assurance that competitors will not infringe on our patents or will not claim
that we are infringing on their patents. Defense and prosecution of patent suits, even if successful, are both costly and time
consuming. An adverse outcome in the defense of a patent suit could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, require
disputed rights to be licensed from third parties or require us to cease our operations. 

The
Company has intellectual property as follows: 

Artificial
Intelligence and Machine Learning: 

The
Company is evaluating various aspects of its artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies and will file for protective
patents and maintain existing patents as determined appropriate. 

9 

Nano
Technology, Micro Electrical Mechanical Systems (MEMS) and Battery Portfolio: 

Various
aspects of the Company s technology are protected by patents either owned directly by the Company or with respect to which
the Company has sub-licensing rights. The Company s current battery related patent portfolio consists of ten issued or licensed
patents, of which one is jointly owned with Nokia Corporation (formerly Alcatel Lucent Technologies), and five are licensed from
Nokia Corporation. These cover such aspects of the technology as the ability to use electrowetting to create a moveable liquid
lens, methodology and apparatus for reducing friction between a fluid and a body, methodology for etching planar silicon substrates
to develop a reserve battery device, methodology and apparatus for controlling the flow resistance of a fluid on nanostructured
or microstructured surfaces, methodology for creating a structured membrane with controllable permeability, methodology for a
nanostructured battery with end of life cells, and methodology for making a multi-cell battery system with multiple chemistries
in each individual cell of the battery pack. Some of these patents are specific to the development of a battery device while others
are more generalized. The Company has four patent applications that are subject to reinstatement, of which three, the Company
intends to submit for reinstatement. 

Other
Patents 

The
Company has obtained trademark protection for its mPower Emergency IlluminatorTM and mPower on CommandTM. 

In
July of 2009, the Company filed for 3 new patents covering the unique design features of its manually-activated lithium reserve
battery and emergency flashlight products. 

On
May 20, 2011, the Company announced that it had been granted a U.S. patent for multi-chemistry battery architecture. 

On
February 10, 2012 the Company filed a U.S. provisional patent with the USPTO for a Non-Pump Enabled Drug Delivery System. 

On
February 11, 2013 the provisional patent application was converted to a patent application entitled Drug Delivery System. 

10 

In
order to conserve financial resources, the Company did not file for patent protection on any additional technology or products
during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. As of the date hereof, the Company has rights under the following patents: 

File
 Number 
 
 Invention
 Title 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Issue
 Date 
 
 Patent
 Number 
 
 Patent
 Office 
 
 ALWA-001 
 
 Battery
 System 
 
 3/20/2008 
 
 9/20/2011 
 
 8,021,773 
 
 United
 States 
 
 ALWA-004 
 
 Tunable
 Liquid Microlens With Lubrication Assisted Electrowetting 
 
 9/13/2001 
 
 4/8/2003 
 
 6,545,815 
 
 United
 States 
 
 ALWA-005 
 
 Method
 And Apparatus For Controlling Friction Between A Fluid And A Body 
 
 8/27/2003 
 
 1/2/2007 
 
 7,156,032 
 
 United
 States 
 
 ALWA-006 
 
 Electrowetting
 Battery Having A Nanostructured Electrode Surface 
 
 11/18/2003 
 
 6/5/2007 
 
 7,227,235 
 
 United
 States 
 
 ALWA-007 
 
 Method
 And Apparatus For Controlling The Flow Resistance Of A Fluid On Nanostructured Or Microstructured Surfaces 
 
 9/30/2003 
 
 2/28/2012 
 
 8,124,423 
 
 United
 States 
 
 ALWA-009 
 
 Structured
 Membrane With Controllable Permeability 
 
 7/28/2006 
 
 4/13/2010 
 
 7,695,550 
 
 United
 States 
 
 ALWA-010 
 
 End
 Of Life Cycle, Nanostructured Battery 
 
 3/18/2004 
 
 11/17/2009 
 
 7,618,746 
 
 United
 States 
 
 ALWA-011 
 
 Adjustable
 Barrier For Regulating Flow Of A Liquid 
 
 8/10/2007 

United
 States 
 
 ALWA-012 
 
 Event
 Activated Micro Control Devices 
 
 8/10/2007 

United
 States 
 
 ALWA-013 
 
 Combined
 Wetting/Non-Wetting Element For Low and High Surface Tension Liquids 
 
 1/25/2008 

United
 States 
 
 ALWA-014 
 
 Device
 For Fluid Spreading And Transport 
 
 1/25/2008 
 
 5/7/2013

8,435,397 
 
 United
 States 
 
 ALWA-017 
 
 Electrical
 Device Having A Reserve Battery Activation System 
 
 9/2/2009 

United
 States 
 
 ALWA-019 
 
 Modular
 Device 
 
 9/2/2009 
 
 1/1/2013 
 
 8,344,543 
 
 United
 States 
 
 ALWA-022 
 
 Reserve
 Battery 
 
 7/8/2009 

United
 States 
 
 ALWA-029 
 
 Portable
 Battery Booster 
 
 9/17/2010 

United
 States 
 
 ALWA-034 
 
 Reserve
 Battery System 
 
 3/2/2010 
 
 2/12/2013 
 
 8,372,531 
 
 United
 States 
 
 ALWA-038 
 
 Adjustable
 Barrier for Regulating Flow of a Liquid 
 
 3/10/2010 

ALWA-043 
 
 Combined
 Wetting/Non-Wetting Element For Low and High Surface Tension Liquids (SOUTH KOREA) 
 
 8/18/2010 

SOUTH
 KOREA 
 
 ALWA-046 
 
 Adjustable
 Barrier For Regulating Flow Of A Liquid 

United
 States 
 
 ALWA-047 
 
 Drug
 Delivery System 
 
 2/11/2013 
 
 4/19/2016

9,314,571

United
 States 

We
also rely on unpatented proprietary technology, and we can make no assurance that others may not independently develop the same
or similar technology or otherwise obtain access to our unpatented technology. 

Research
and Development 

Artificial
Intelligence and Machine Learning 

With
the acquisition of Alpha Predictions and expansion of its development team located in India, the Company is able to offer a multitude
of services through the use of data analysis. Our team uses its corporate and business level consulting expertise to support and
enhance the growth of promising enterprises. Our research team uses the holistic approach that encompasses multiple facets of
a business and has developed a unique approach to problem solving that is time tested. As consulting is multidisciplinary, our
team is comprised not only of data analysts but also financial analysts and domain experts allowing us to provide a highly sophisticated
digital analysis capability to our business clients. The Company is able to leverage its personnel and their expertise to develop
new proprietary software platforms for data analysis derived from its present experience and expertise gained in servicing its
present customer base. 

11 

Smart
Surfaces 

Our
Smart NanoBattery and power cell technology research and development was performed by the Bell Labs division of Alcatel/Lucent
from February of 2004 through March of 2007 at an aggregate cost of 3.8 million. The Company paid Bell Labs 300,000 covering
the period from April 27, 2007 through July 30, 2007, at which time it determined that, in order to develop a lithium battery
for higher density energy than zinc, it required facilities capable of handling lithium battery research that Bell Labs does not
have. The Company engaged a number of small foundries during fiscal year ended June 30, 2008 for commercialization of its Smart
NanoBattery at a cost of approximately 150,000. In fiscal year ended June 30, 2009, the Company engaged Eagle Picher at a cost
of 75,000 to design and engineer a prototype of its manually-activated lithium reserve battery and Porsche Design studio at a
cost of 79,123 for design of its emergency flashlight product. In addition, the Company secured a Co-Branding Agreement with
Porsche Design Studio for its emergency flashlight product. In fiscal year ended June 30, 2010, the Company paid 950,018 in connection
with producing and bringing this product to market, and in fiscal year ended June 30, 2011, the Company incurred 33,254 of expenses
in connection with this product. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2009, the Company engaged Silex, a silicon foundry in Sweden,
at a cost of 21,200 for further development of its Smart NanoBattery; payments to Silex for fiscal year ended June 30, 2010 in
connection with the Smart NanoBattery amounted to 396,780, and for fiscal year ended June 30, 2011 they were 40,800. 

During
fiscal years ended June 30, 2008, June 30, 2009, and June 30, 2010, the Company engaged in joint research with Rutgers University
in connection with a 750,000 STTR Grant from the United States Army for purposes of developing an emergency reserve battery to
back-up a computer memory application. 

Employees 

The
Company currently employs ninety full-time employees, two of which are officers of the Company, and twelve part-time consultants,
eleven of which provide technology platform development services and one that provides accounting services. Subsidiary companies
in India employ a total of 40 software engineers and data analysis experts. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our securities involves significant risks. Before deciding to invest in our securities, you should carefully consider
each of the following risk factors and all of the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our business
and results of operations could be seriously harmed by any of the following risks. The risks set out below are not the only risks
we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. If any of the following events occur, our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the value and trading price
of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business 

Global
or regional health pandemics or epidemics, including COVID-19, could negatively impact our business operations, financial performance
and results of operations. 

Our
business and financial results could be negatively impacted by the recent outbreak of COVID-19 or other pandemics or epidemics.
The severity, magnitude and duration of the current COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain, rapidly changing and hard to predict. During
2020, COVID-19 has significantly impacted economic activity and markets around the world, and it could negatively impact our business
in numerous ways, including but not limited to those outlined below: 

Purchasing
 power of consumers may be reduced thereby affecting demand for our products and services; 

Decreased
 demand for our products and services due to significant capital constraints as a result of COVID-19 and the macro-economic
 environment; 

Disruptions
 or uncertainties related to the COVID-19 outbreak for a sustained period of time could result in delays or modifications to
 our strategic plans and initiatives and hinder our ability to achieve our business objectives; 

12 

Illness,
 travel restrictions or workforce disruptions could negatively affect our business processes; 

Government
 or regulatory responses to pandemics could negatively impact our business. Mandatory lockdowns or other restrictions could
 materially adversely impact our operations and results; and 

The
 COVID-19 outbreak has increased volatility and pricing in the capital markets and volatility is likely to continue which could
 have a material adverse effect on our ability to obtain debt or equity financing to fund operations. 

These
and other impacts of the COVID-19 or other global or regional health pandemics or epidemics could have the effect of heightening
many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. We might not be able to predict or respond to all
impacts on a timely basis to prevent near- or long-term adverse impacts to our results. The ultimate impact of these disruptions
also depends on events beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of any outbreak and actions taken
by parties other than us to respond to them. Any of these disruptions could have a negative impact on our business operations,
financial performance and results of operations, which impact could be material. 

We
have reported net operating losses for each of our fiscal years from our inception in 1996 through the present and may not be
able to operate profitability in the future. 

We
have had net losses of approximately 227,727,420 since our inception in 1996 and cannot be certain when or if we will
ever be profitable. If we continue to incur losses as we have in the past, investors may not receive any return on their investment
and may lose their entire investment. Our prospects must be considered speculative in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties
frequently encountered by companies with new products in their early stages of development, particularly in light of the uncertainties
relating to the new, competitive and rapidly evolving markets in which we operate. To attempt to address these risks, we must,
among other things, further develop our technologies, products and services, successfully implement our research, development,
marketing and commercialization strategies, respond to competitive developments and attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel.
A substantial risk is involved in investing in us because, as a company we have fewer resources than an established company, and
we may be more vulnerable operationally and financially to external factors beyond our control. 

We
have had net losses of 14,093,567 and 1,955,161 for the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. If we are unable
to achieve profitability, we may be unable to continue our operations. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern,
which may hinder our ability to obtain future financing. 

Our
consolidated financial statements as of June 30, 2020 have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as
a going concern for the next twelve months. Our independent registered public accounting firm included in its opinion for the
year ended June 30, 2020 an explanatory paragraph referring to our recurring losses from operations and expressing substantial
doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern without additional capital becoming available. Our ability to continue as
a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain additional equity or debt financing, reduce expenditures and to generate
significant revenue. Our consolidated financial statements as of June 30, 2020 did not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The reaction of investors to the inclusion of a going concern statement by our independent
registered public accounting firm, and our potential inability to continue as a going concern, in future years could materially
adversely affect our share price and our ability to raise new capital or enter into strategic alliances. 

13 

We
will require additional financing in the future to fund our operations which may cause dilution to our existing stockholders or
restrict our operations. 

We
will need additional capital in the future to continue to execute our business plan. Therefore, we will be dependent upon additional
capital in the form of either debt or equity to continue our operations. At the present time, we do not have arrangements to raise
all of the needed additional capital, and we will need to identify potential investors and negotiate appropriate arrangements
with them. Our ability to obtain additional financing will be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions, our
operating performance and investor sentiment. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible
debt securities, the ownership interests of our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of such financings may include liquidation
or other preferences, anti-dilution rights, and other provisions that may adversely affect the rights of our stockholders, including
rights, preferences and privileges that are senior to those of our holders of common stock in the event of a liquidation. In addition,
debt financing, if available, could include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take certain actions, such as incurring
additional debt, making capital expenditures, or declaring dividends and may require us to grant security interests in our assets.
If we are unable to raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms we may need to curtail or cease our operations. 

Our
indebtedness and liquidity needs could restrict our operations and make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions. 

Our
existing indebtedness may adversely affect our operations and limit our growth, and we may have difficulty repaying our debt when
due. If market or other economic conditions deteriorate, our ability to comply with covenants contained in our debt instruments
may be impaired. If we violate any of the restrictions or covenants set forth in our debt instruments, all or a significant portion
of our indebtedness may become immediately due and payable. Our inability to make payments on our indebtedness when due may have
a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 

We
may not be able to raise the required capital to conduct our operations and develop and commercialize our products. 

We
require substantial additional capital resources in order to conduct our operations and develop and commercialize our products
and run our facilities. We will need significant additional funds or collaborative partners, or both, to finance the research
and development activities of our potential products. Accordingly, we are continuing to pursue additional sources of financing.
Our future capital requirements will depend upon many factors, including: 

The
 continued progress and cost of our research and development programs, 

The
 costs in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing patent claims, 

The
 costs of developing sales, marketing and distribution channels and our ability to sell the products if developed, 

The
 costs involved in establishing manufacturing capabilities for commercial quantities of our proposed products, 

Competing
 technological and market developments, 

Market
 acceptance of our proposed products, and 

The
 costs for recruiting and retaining employees and consultants. 

Additional
financing through strategic collaborations, public or private equity financings or other financing sources may not be available
on acceptable terms, or at all. Our prior failure to be timely in our required periodic filings of quarterly and annual financial
reports with the SEC may significantly limit our ability to raise additional capital. Additional equity financing could result
in significant dilution to our shareholders. Further, if additional funds are obtained through arrangements with collaborative
partners, these arrangements may require us to relinquish rights to some of our technologies, product candidates or products that
we would otherwise seek to develop and commercialize on our own. If sufficient capital is not available, we may be required to
delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our programs or potential products, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition or business prospects. 

14 

We
depend on one customer and the loss of this customer would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

At
 June 30, 2020 and 2019, approximately 100 and 99 , respectively,
of accounts receivable were concentrated with one customer located outside the United States. For the years ended June 30, 2020
and 2019, approximately 100 and 100 , respectively, of revenue were concentrated with the same customer. The loss of this customer,
or a substantial decrease in demand by this customer for our products, would have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

We depend on one primary vendor and
the loss of this vendor would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

At June 30, 2020
and 2019, approximately 95 and 0 , respectively, of accounts payable were concentrated with one vendor located outside the United
States. For the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, approximately 100 and 0 , respectively, of cost of revenue were concentrated
with the same vendor. The loss of this vendor would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

We
operate in a highly competitive industry . 

The
artificial intelligence and machine learning industry is intensely competitive and consolidation in this industry continues. We
face competition in the areas of brand recognition, price, convenience and service. A number of our competitors are larger than
us and have substantial financial, marketing and other resources as well as substantial operations. In addition, reduced barriers
to entry are creating new competition. Furthermore, in order to protect our existing market share or capture increased market
share in this highly competitive environment, we may be required to increase expenditures for advertising and continue to introduce
and establish new products. Due to inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising and new product introductions,
including uncertainties about consumer acceptance, increased expenditures may not prove successful in maintaining or enhancing
our market share and could impact our operating results. In addition, we may incur increased credit and other business risks because
we operate in a highly competitive environment. 

Our
nanotechnology competition includes both public and private organizations and collaborations among academic institutions and large
companies, most of which have significantly greater experience and financial resources than we do. 

Private
and public academic and research institutions also compete with us in the research and development of nanotechnology products
based on micro-fluid dynamics. In the past several years, the nanotechnology industry has selectively entered into collaborations
with both public and private organizations to explore the development of new products evolving out of research in micro-fluid
dynamics. 

We
depend on certain third parties to assist us in the development of new products, and any failure of those parties to fulfill their
obligations could result in costs and delays and prevent us from successfully commercializing our products on a timely basis,
if at all. 

We
engage consultants and contract research organizations to help design, develop and manufacture our products. The consultants and
contract research organizations we engage provide us critical skills, resources and finished products for sale that we do not
have within our own company. As a result, we depend on these consultants and contract research and product supply organizations
to deliver our existing automotive products and to perform the necessary research and development to create new products. We may
face delays in developing and bringing new products to market if these parties do not perform their obligations in a timely or
competent fashion or if we are forced to change service providers. 

We
depend on our collaborators to help us develop and test our proposed products, and our ability to develop and commercialize products
may be impaired or delayed if collaborations are unsuccessful. 

Our
strategy for the development, testing and commercialization of certain of our proposed products requires that we enter into collaborations
with corporate partners, licensors, licensees and others. Some of these collaborators will be located in India and other countries
outside of the United States which pose additional legal and economic risks. We are dependent upon the subsequent success of these
other parties in performing their respective responsibilities and the continued cooperation of our partners. Under agreements
with collaborators, we may rely significantly on such collaborators to, among other things: 

Fund
 research and development activities with us; 

Pay
 us fees upon the achievement of milestones under STIR and SBIR programs; and 

Market
 with us any commercial products that result from our collaborations. 

15 

Our
collaborators may not cooperate with us or perform their obligations under our agreements with them. We cannot control the amount
and timing of our collaborators resources that will be devoted to our research and development activities related to our
collaborative agreements with them. Our collaborators may choose to pursue existing or alternative technologies in preference
to those being developed in collaboration with us. 

The
development and commercialization of potential products will be delayed if collaborators fail to conduct these activities in a
timely manner, or at all. 

If
various outside vendors and collaborators do not achieve milestones set forth in our agreements, or if our collaborators breach
or terminate their collaborative agreements with us, our business may be materially harmed. 

Our
reliance on the activities of our non-employee consultants, research institutions, and scientific contractors, whose activities
are not wholly within our control, may lead to delays in development of our proposed products . 

We
rely extensively upon and have relationships with outside consultants and companies having specialized skills to conduct research.
These consultants are not our employees and may have commitments to, or consulting or advisory contracts with, other entities
that may limit their availability to us. We have limited control over the activities of these consultants and, except as otherwise
required by our collaboration and consulting agreements to the extent they exist, can expect only limited amounts of their time
to be dedicated to our activities. These research facilities may have commitments to other commercial and non-commercial entities.
We have limited control over the operations of these collaborators and can expect only limited amounts of time to be dedicated
to our research and product development goals. 

We
are dependent upon key personnel whose loss may adversely impact our business. 

Due
to the specialized nature of our business, we are highly dependent on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain highly qualified
scientific and technical personnel for the research and development activities we conduct or sponsor. The loss of one or more
certain key executive officers, or scientists, would be significantly detrimental to us. In addition, recruiting and retaining
qualified scientific personnel to perform research and development work is critical to our success. Our anticipated growth and
expansion into areas and activities requiring additional expertise, such as new applications for smart surfaces ,
manufacturing and marketing, will require the addition of new management personnel and the development of additional expertise
by existing management personnel. Despite the current economic conditions and job market there is significant competition for
qualified personnel in the areas of our present and planned activities, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to
continue to attract and retain the qualified personnel necessary for the development of our business. Any difficulties in obtaining
and retaining qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. 

We
may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of any entities which we acquire, such benefits may take longer to realize
than expected or we may encounter significant difficulties integrating acquired businesses into our operations. If our acquisitions
do not achieve their intended benefits, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely
affected. 

We
believe that businesses we acquire will result in certain benefits, including certain cost synergies and operational efficiencies;
however, to realize these anticipated benefits, the businesses we acquire must be successfully combined with our business. The
combination of independent businesses is a complex, costly, and time-consuming process that will require significant management
attention and resources. The integration process may disrupt the businesses and, if implemented ineffectively, would limit the
expected benefits of these acquisitions to us. The failure to meet the challenges involved in integrating acquired businesses
and realizing anticipated benefits could cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, our activities and could adversely
affect our results of operations. 

The
overall integration of acquired businesses may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses,
loss of customer and other business relationships, and diversion of management s attention. The difficulties of combining
the operations of companies include, among others: 

16 

the
 diversion of management s attention to integration matters; 

difficulties
 in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities, and growth prospects from the combinations; 

difficulties
 in the integration of operations and systems; and 

conforming
 standards, controls, procedures, accounting and other policies, business cultures, and compensation structures between the
 two companies. 

Many
of these factors are outside of our control and any one of these factors could result in, among other things, increased costs
and decreases in the amount of expected revenues, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. In addition, even if we are able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, the full benefits, including
the synergies, cost savings, revenue growth, or other benefits that are expected, may not be achieved within the anticipated time
frame, or at all. All of these factors could decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the acquisitions, and negatively
impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Our
insurance policies are limited in scope and coverage and may potentially expose us to unrecoverable risks. 

We
do not carry director and officer insurance and have limited commercial insurance policies. Any significant insurance claims would
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Insurance availability, coverage
terms and pricing continue to vary with market conditions. We endeavor to obtain appropriate insurance coverage for insurable
risks that we identify, however, we may, due to limited financial resources, be unable to correctly cover those risks that we
can anticipate or quantify as insurable risks. We may not be able to obtain appropriate insurance coverage, and insurers may not
respond as we intend to cover insurable events that may occur. We have observed rapidly changing conditions in the insurance markets
relating to nearly all areas of traditional corporate insurance. Such conditions have resulted in higher premium costs, higher
policy deductibles, and lower coverage limits. For some risks, we may not have or maintain insurance coverage because of cost
or availability. 

We
have no product liability insurance, which may leave us vulnerable to future claims we will be unable to satisfy. 

The
testing, manufacturing, marketing and sale of consumer products entail an inherent risk of product liability claims, and we cannot
assure you that substantial product liability claims will not be asserted against us. We have no product liability insurance.
In the event we are forced to expend significant funds on defending product liability actions, and in the event those funds come
from operating capital, we will be required to reduce our business activities, which could lead to significant losses. 

We
cannot assure you that adequate insurance coverage will be available in the future on acceptable terms, if at all, or that, if
available, we will be able to maintain any such insurance at sufficient levels of coverage or that any such insurance will provide
adequate protection against potential liabilities. Whether or not a product liability insurance policy is obtained or maintained
in the future, any product liability claim could harm our business or financial condition. 

Certain
aspects of our technology are not protectable by patent or copyright. 

Certain
parts of our know-how and technology are not patentable. To protect our proprietary position in such know-how and technology,
we require all employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators with access to our technology to enter into confidentiality
and invention ownership agreements with us. We cannot ensure that these agreements will provide meaningful protection for our
trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure. Further, in the absence
of patent protection, competitors who independently develop substantially equivalent technology may harm our business. 

17 

We
may not be able to adequately defend against piracy of intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions. 

Considerable
research in the areas of micro fluid dynamics is being performed in countries outside of the United States, and a number of potential
competitors are located in these countries. The laws protecting intellectual property in some of those countries may not provide
adequate protection to prevent our competitors from misappropriating our intellectual property. Several of these potential competitors
may be further along in the process of product development and also operate large, company-funded research and development programs.
As a result, our competitors may develop more competitive or affordable products, or achieve earlier patent protection or product
commercialization than we are able to achieve. Competitive products may render any products or product candidates that we develop
obsolete. 

We
may not be able to protect our proprietary technology, which could harm our ability to operate profitably. 

Patent
and trade secret protection is critical for the new technologies we utilize, artificial intelligence, machine learning and nanotechnology
and microfluidics, as well as the products and processes derived through them. Our success will depend, to a substantial degree,
on our ability to obtain and enforce patent protection for our products, preserve any trade secrets and operate without infringing
the proprietary rights of others. We cannot assure you that: 

we
 will succeed in obtaining any patents in a timely manner or at all, or that the breadth or degree of protection of any such
 patents will protect our interests; 

the
 use of our technology will not infringe on the proprietary rights of others; 

patent
 applications relating to our potential products or technologies will result in the issuance of any patents or that, if issued,
 such patents will afford adequate protection to us or not be challenged, invalidated or infringed; 

patents
 will not issue to other parties, which may be infringed by our potential products or technologies; and 

we
 will continue to have the financial resources necessary to prosecute our existing patent applications, pay maintenance fees
 on patents and patent applications, or file patent applications on new inventions. 

The
fields in which we operate have been characterized by significant efforts by competitors to establish dominant or blocking patent
rights to gain a competitive advantage, and by considerable differences of opinion as to the value and legal legitimacy of competitors 
purported patent rights and the technologies they actually utilize in their businesses. 

We
may incur substantial expenditures in the future in order to protect our intellectual property. 

We
believe that our intellectual property with respect to our Smart NanoBattery, our proprietary rights with respect to the Company s
permeable membrane design consisting of both micro and nano scale silicon features that are coated with a monolayer chemistry
used to repel liquids, and our recent entry into the area of artificial intelligence and machine learning are critical to our
future success. The Company s current battery related patent portfolio consists of Smart Surfaces technologies. Our pending
patent applications may never be granted for various reasons, including the existence of conflicting patents or defects in our
applications. Even if additional U.S. patents are ultimately granted, there are significant risks regarding enforcement of patents
in international markets. There are many patents being filed as the science of nanotechnology develops and the Company has limited
financial resources compared to large, well established companies to bring patent litigation based upon claims of patent infringement. 

In
the event litigation over patent matters with one or more of our competitors arise, we could incur substantial litigation or interference
costs in defending ourselves against suits brought against us or in suits in which we may assert our patents against others. If
the outcome of any such litigation is unfavorable, our business could be materially adversely affected. To determine the priority
of inventions, we may also have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the United States Patent and Trademark
Office, which could result in substantial cost to us. Without additional capital, we may not have the resources to adequately
defend or pursue this litigation. 

18 

Patents
obtained by other persons may result in infringement claims against us that are costly to defend and which may limit our ability
to use the disputed technologies and prevent us from pursuing research and development or commercialization of potential products. 

If
third party patents or patent applications contain claims infringed by either our technology or other technology required to make
and use our potential products and such claims are ultimately determined to be valid, there can be no assurance that we would
be able to obtain licenses to these patents at a reasonable cost, if at all, or be able to develop or obtain alternative technology.
If we are unable to obtain such licenses at a reasonable cost, we may not be able to develop some products commercially. We may
be required to defend ourselves in court against allegations of infringement of third-party patents. Patent litigation is very
expensive and could consume substantial resources and create significant uncertainties. Any adverse outcome in such a suit could
subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, require disputed rights to be licensed from third parties, or require
us to cease using such technology. 

Our
current smart surface technology is at an early stage of development and we may not develop products that can be
commercialized. 

Our
smart surface technology has derived very limited revenue from a Phase I Army Grant of approximately 100,000 and a Phase II Army
Grant of approximately 750,000 with respect to our Smart NanoBattery product from inception of development in February 2004 through
the date hereof. Other material revenue was derived from our series of battery Jump Starters in the fiscal years
ended 2014 and 2015; products that the Company discontinued beginning in April 2016 owing to contracting margins and increased
competition. 

Because
of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with our product development and commercialization efforts, we are unable to
predict the extent of our future losses or when or if we will become profitable, which, in turn, would result in a loss of investment. 

Our
failure to continue successful commercialization of our new products in the fields of machine learning and artificial intelligence
or successfully commercialize our Smart Nano Battery or to become and remain profitable could depress the market price of our
Common Stock and impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, diversify our product offerings and continue our operations. 

Forces
outside our control which cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, general economic conditions and other such forces
which include the success of our research and field testing, the availability of collaborative partners to finance our work in
pursuing applications of artificial intelligence, machine learning and smart surfaces or other developments in the
field which, due to efficiencies or technological breakthroughs may render one or more areas of commercialization more attractive,
obsolete or competitively unattractive. It is possible that one or more areas of commercialization will not be pursued at all
if a collaborative partner or entity willing to fund research and development cannot be located. Our decisions regarding the ultimate
products and/or services we pursue could have a significant adverse effect on our ability to earn revenue if we misinterpret trends,
underestimate development costs and/or pursue wrong products or services. Any of these factors either alone or in concert could
materially harm our ability to earn revenues or could result in a loss of any investment in us. 

Our
products may not be accepted in the marketplace . 

The
degree of market acceptance of our products will depend on many factors, including: 

Our
 ability to manufacture or obtain from third party manufacturers sufficient quantities of our product candidates with acceptable
 quality and at an acceptable cost to meet demand; and 

Marketing
 and distribution support for our products. 

We
cannot predict or guarantee that either commercial or military entities, in general, will accept or utilize any of our product
candidates. Failure to achieve market acceptance would limit our ability to generate revenue and would have a material adverse
effect on our business. In addition, if any of our product candidates achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain
that market acceptance over time if competing products or technologies are introduced that are received more favorably or are
more cost-effective. 

19 

If
we are unable to keep up with rapid technological changes in our field or compete effectively, we will be unable to operate profitably. 

We
are engaged in activities in the artificial intelligence, machine learning, nanotechnology and microfluidics field, which is characterized
by extensive research efforts and rapid technological progress. If we fail to anticipate or respond adequately to technological
developments, our ability to operate profitably could suffer. We cannot assure you that research and discoveries by other companies
will not render our technologies or potential products or services uneconomical or result in products superior to those we develop
or that any technologies, products or services we develop will be preferred to any existing or newly-developed technologies, products
or services. 

Risks
Relating to Our Securities 

If
we fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended Sarbanes-Oxley related to internal
controls and procedures in the future, or, if we discover material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal controls
over financial reporting, our stock price could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. 

Section
404 of Sarbanes-Oxley requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting.
If we fail to comply with the rules under Sarbanes-Oxley related to disclosure controls and procedures in the future, or, if we
discover material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting, our stock price could decline
significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. If material weaknesses or significant deficiencies are discovered or
if we otherwise fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude
on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley.
Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to helping
prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results
could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock
could drop significantly. 

Our
common stock is subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in the securities is limited,
which makes transactions in the stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in the stock. 

Rule
15g-9 under the Exchange Act establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any
equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject
to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (a) that a broker or dealer
approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and (b) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written
agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: (a) obtain financial information
and investment experience objectives of the person and (b) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks
are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating
the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating
to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: (a) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability
determination; and (b) confirms that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the
transaction. Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock 
rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of
our common stock. 

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the
commissions payable to both the broker or dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and
the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have
to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in
penny stocks. 

20 

We
have never paid cash dividends and have no plans to pay cash dividends in the future. 

Holders
of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors. To date, we
have paid no cash dividends on our capital stock and we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We intend
to retain future earnings, if any, to provide funds for operations of our business. Therefore, any return investors in our capital
stock may have will be in the form of appreciation, if any, in the market value of their shares of common stock. 

If
we fail to remain current in our reporting requirements, we could be removed from the OTCQB which would limit the ability of broker-dealers
to sell our securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. 

As
a company listed on the OTCQB and subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, we must be current with our filings
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act in order to maintain price quotation privileges on the OTCQB. If we fail to
remain current in our reporting requirements, we could be removed from the OTCQB. As a result, the market liquidity of our securities
could be severely adversely affected by limiting the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities and the ability of stockholders
to sell their securities in the secondary market. 

Our
common stock could be subject to extreme volatility. 

The
trading price of our common stock may be affected by a number of factors, including events described in the risk factors set forth
in this Annual Report and in our other reports filed with the SEC from time to time, as well as our operating results, financial
condition and other events or factors. In addition to the uncertainties relating to future operating performance and the profitability
of operations, factors such as variations in interim financial results or various, and unpredictable, factors, many of which are
beyond our control, may have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. In recent years, broad stock market indices,
in general, and smaller capitalization companies, in particular, have experienced substantial price fluctuations. In a volatile
market, we may experience wide fluctuations in the market price of our common stock. In addition, securities markets have, from
time to time, experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance of particular
companies. These market fluctuations may have a material adverse effect the market price of our common stock. 

Financial
reporting obligations of being a public company in the United States are expensive and time-consuming, and our management will
be required to devote substantial time to compliance matters. 

As
a publicly traded company we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. The obligations of being a public company
in the United States require significant expenditures and places significant demands on our management and other personnel, including
costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations regarding corporate
governance practices, including those under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act. These rules require the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and procedures, internal
control over financial reporting and changes in corporate governance practices, among many other complex rules that are often
difficult to implement, monitor and maintain compliance with. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial
amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements and to keep pace with new regulations, otherwise we may
fall out of compliance and risk becoming subject to litigation or being delisted from the OTCQB, among other potential problems. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

21 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
headquarters is located at 9841 Washingtonian Boulevard, Suite 390, Gaithersburg, MD 20878. The lease for this office, since January
11, 2019; which presently is month to month, is charged at a monthly cost of 1,350 16,200 annually). 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business.
Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in matters may arise from time to time that may harm our
business. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as set forth herein, management believes that there are no
claims against us, which it believes will result in a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 

Effective
December 10, 2018, the Company entered into a Judgment Settlement Agreement to satisfy in full the Forbearance Agreement
with Fife that was previously in effect. As a result, under the Judgment Settlement Agreement, no shares of the Company s
common stock are issuable or eligible to be converted into. Under the terms of the Judgment Settlement Agreement, the Company
was required to pay 15,000 per month from January 15, 2019 through and including February 15, 2020, with a final payment of 195,000,
which was due and payable in March of 2020. The Company made all required payments with the exception of the final payment of
 195,000 which was due and payable in March of 2020. On August 17, 2020, the Company entered into a second amendment (the Second
Amendment to the Judgement Settlement Agreement, whereby the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal
amount of 300,000 (the Note to repay the amounts still outstanding under the Judgment Settlement Agreement. The
Note matures on August 17, 2021, bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum, requires certain monthly minimum cash payments as
specified in the Note, and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a conversion
price as specified in the Note. The Note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to maturity without penalty. Failure
to make any of the payments, when due, will result in an additional debt obligation, inclusive of principal and interest at the
date of default to be immediately due and payable by the Company. The ultimate final payment amount is expected to be less than
the liability balance of 771,702 presented as liabilities in arrears judgement settlement agreement on the consolidated
balance sheets. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets under the symbol XDSL . Our common stock began
trading on the OTCQB during February 2020, and prior to such date traded on the OTC Pink. Any over-the-counter market quotations
reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Stockholders 

As
of January 1, 2021 we had over 20,000 holders of record of our common stock. 

22 

Increase
in Authorized Shares of Common Stock 

On
August 27, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common
stock of the Company to 100,000,000 shares from 25,000,000 shares. On September 4, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment
to its Certificate of Incorporation to increase its authorized common stock from 25,000,000 shares to 100,000,000 shares. 

On
June 10, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common
stock of the Company to 250,000,000 shares from 100,000,000 shares. On July 14, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment
to its Certificate of Incorporation to increase its authorized common stock from 100,000,000 shares to 250,000,000 shares. 

On
August 3, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common
stock of the Company to 500,000,000 shares from 250,000,000 shares. On August 4, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment
to its Certificate of Incorporation to increase its authorized common stock from 250,000,000 shares to 500,000,000 shares. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid any dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any such dividends in the near future. Instead, we
intend to use any earnings for future acquisitions and expanding our business. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

23 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You
should read this discussion together with the financial statements, related notes and other financial information included elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains assumptions, estimates and other forward-looking statements
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under Risk Factors, and elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. To the extent that this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements regarding
the financial condition, operating results, business prospects or any other aspect of our Company, please be advised that our
actual financial condition, operating results and business performance may differ materially from that projected or estimated
by us in forward-looking statements and thus you should not unduly rely on these statements. 

Overview 

Since
January 11, 2019, when the Company underwent a complete change in management and control, the new management has continued to
broaden the Company s product mix to include artificial intelligence and machine learning products. 

Since
announcing the formation of mPhase Technologies India, Pvt, Ltd during February 2019, the Company has expanded its focus on software
and technology development for new and existing projects through the creation and expansion of its Center of Excellence 
India division. This Center of Excellence consists of a team in India of highly qualified software and technology
experts in the fields of artificial intelligence and machine learning. 

In
addition to the foregoing, since our acquisition of Travel Buddhi during February 2019, we have continued developing the software
platform which enhances travel via ultra-customization tools that tailor a planned trip experience in ways not previously available
by making it smart and connected as part of the internet of things. 

Furthermore,
since our acquisition of CloseComms during May 2020, pursuant to which we acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities,
we have continued advancing our patented, software application platform that can be integrated into a retail customer s
existing Wi-Fi infrastructure, giving the retailer important customer data and enabling AI-enhanced, targeted promotions to drive
store traffic and sales. 

Recent
Developments 

Common
Stock Purchase Agreement 

On
July 13, 2020, we entered into a common stock purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement and a registration rights
agreement (the Rights Agreement with White Lion Capital, LLC (the Investor pursuant to which the
Investor agreed to invest up to three million dollars 3,000,000) to purchase the Company s common stock, par value 0.01
per share (the Common Stock ), at a purchase price of 95 of the market price of the Company s Common Stock
during a valuation period as defined in the Purchase Agreement. The shares of Common Stock to be issued and sold to the Investor
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Rights Agreement
was an inducement to the Investor to execute and deliver the Purchase Agreement, whereby the Company agreed to provide certain
registration rights under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable for Investor s investment
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 

On
August 14, 2020, we filed a preliminary registration statement in accordance with the Rights Agreement entered into with the Investor
on July 13, 2020. On October 13, 2020, the preliminary registration statement was withdrawn. 

24 

Financings 

On
July 24, 2020, we issued a convertible note in the principal amount of 105,000 (including a 5,000 original issuance discount)
which note accrues interest at a rate of 8 per annum (increasing to 24 per annum upon the occurrence of an event of default),
matures on July 24, 2021 and is convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion price as specified in the note, subject
to adjustment. 

On
July 31, 2020, we issued a convertible note in the principal amount of 68,000 which note accrues interest at a rate of 8 per
annum (increasing to 22 per annum upon the occurrence of an event of default), matures on July 31, 2021 and is convertible into
shares of our common stock at a conversion price as specified in the note, subject to adjustment. 

On
August 19, 2020, we issued a convertible note in the principal amount of 99,225 (including a 4,725 original issuance discount)
which note accrues interest at a rate of 8 per annum (increasing to 24 per annum upon the occurrence of an event of default),
matures on August 19, 2021 and is convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion price as specified in the note,
subject to adjustment. 

On
August 20, 2020, we prepaid a convertible promissory note, including principal, accrued interest, and prepayment amount as set
forth within such convertible promissory note dated February 24, 2020 in the principal amount of 53,000. 

On
August 20, 2020, we issued a convertible note in the principal amount of 63,000 which note accrues interest at a rate of 8 per
annum (increasing to 22 per annum upon the occurrence of an event of default), matures on August 20, 2021 and is convertible
into shares of our common stock at a conversion price as specified in the note, subject to adjustment. 

On
August 27, 2020, we issued a convertible note in the principal amount of 105,000 (including a 5,000 original issuance discount)
which note accrues interest at a rate of 8 per annum (increasing to 24 per annum upon the occurrence of an event of default),
matures on August 27, 2021 and is convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion price as specified in the note,
subject to adjustment. 

On
August 28, 2020, we prepaid a convertible promissory note, including principal, accrued interest, and prepayment amount as set
forth within such convertible promissory note dated March 3, 2020 in the principal amount of 63,000. 

On
August 31, 2020, we issued a convertible note in the principal amount of 68,000 which note accrues interest at a rate of 8 per
annum (increasing to 22 per annum upon the occurrence of an event of default), matures on August 31, 2021 and is convertible
into shares of our common stock at a conversion price as specified in the note, subject to adjustment. 

Results
of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

Continuing
Operations 

Revenue 

Our
revenue increased to 30,276,422 for the year ended June 30, 2020, compared to 2,500,000 for the year ended June 30, 2019, an
increase of 27,776,422 or 1,111 . The increase is the result of deployment and growth of our learning track technology platform
and services which generated 24,720,000 of subscription revenue, 3,515,438 of service and support revenue and 2,040,984
of application development and implementation revenue. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue totaled 22,579,544 for the year ended June 30, 2020, compared to 0 for the year ended June 30, 2019. The increase
is the result of higher costs to support such revenue growth with 22,500,000 attributable to a single supplier contract. 

Operating
Expenses 

Our operating expenses increased to 20,273,109
for the year ended June 30, 2020, compared to 4,265,886 for the year ended June 30, 2019, an increase of 16,007,223,
or 375 . The increase is primarily due to 16,335,671 of stock-based compensation expense recognized during 2020 related
to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, partially offset by a decrease in operating expenses
of 328,448. 

25 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Our
other expense, net, increased by 1,309,121, or 629 , for the year ended June 30, 2020. The increase is primarily the result of
increases in initial derivative expense, amortization of debt discount, loss on extinguishment of debt, and loss on settlement
of debt, partially offset by a gain on the change in fair value of derivative liability associated with the convertible promissory
notes. 

Net
Loss from Continuing Operations 

We had a net loss of 14,093,567 for
the year ended June 30, 2020, compared to a net loss of 1,974,101 for the year ended June 30, 2019, an increase of 12,138,406.
The increase in net loss is primarily driven by the increase in operating expenses and other income (expense), partially offset
by the increase in gross profit. 

Discontinued
Operations 

For
the year ended June 30, 2020, there are no revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses, other income (expense), or net income
from discontinued operations. For the year ended June 30, 2019, income from discontinued operations was 18,940. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

At
June 30, 2020, we had 142,413 of cash on-hand, an increase of 108,417 from 33,996 at June 30, 2019. 

Net cash used in operating activities of continuing
operations was 1,344,033 for the year ended June 30, 2020, an increase of 1,140,063 from 203,970 used during
the year ended June 30, 2019. This increase was primarily due to increases in accounts receivable and net loss, partially offset
by a net increase in non-cash charges and an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

Net
cash provided by investing activities of continuing operations was 69,447 for the year ended June 30, 2020, compared to
net cash used in investing activities of continuing operations of 59,852 for the year ended June 30, 2019. The increase
was due to the cash acquired from the CloseComms acquisition, partially offset by payments toward the Travel Buddhi purchased
software intangible during the year ended June 30, 2019. 

Financing activities of continuing operations
increased by 972,376 to 1,269,933 for the year ended June 30, 2020, compared to 297,557 for the year ended June
30, 2019. This increase was primarily due to increased proceeds from issuances of convertible promissory notes, proceeds from
the sale of common stock, and proceeds from notes payable, partially offset by increases in payments toward convertible promissory
notes, payments toward notes payable, and payments under settlement agreements. 

Going Concern 

We have incurred net losses of 14,093,567
and 1,955,161 and have used cash in operating activities of 1,344,033 and 203,970 for the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019,
respectively. At June 30, 2020, we had a working capital surplus of 2,801,942, and an accumulated deficit of 227,727,420. It
is management s opinion that these facts raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a
period of twelve months from the date of this filing, without additional debt or equity financing. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts nor to the
amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

In order to meet our working capital needs through the next
twelve months and to fund the growth of our nanotechnology, artificial intelligence, and machine learning technologies, we may
consider plans to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt. Although we intend to obtain additional financing
to meet our cash needs, we may be unable to secure any additional financing on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us, if
at all. Our ability to raise additional capital will also be impacted by the recent COVID-19 pandemic, which such ability is highly
uncertain, cannot be predicted, and could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

26 

Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic 

A novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19,
surfaced during December 2019 and has spread around the world, including to the United States. During March 2020, COVID-19 was
declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. During certain periods of the pandemic thus far, a number of U.S. states
and various countries throughout the world had been under governmental orders requiring that all workers remain at home unless
their work was critical, essential, or life-sustaining. As a result of these governmental orders, we temporarily closed our domestic
and international offices and required all of our employees to work remotely. Although these temporary office closures created
minor disruption to our business operations, such disruptions to date have not been significant. 

The full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
on our financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, such as the ultimate duration and scope
of the pandemic, its impact on our employees, customers, and vendors, in addition to how quickly normal economic conditions and
operations resume and whether the pandemic impacts other risks disclosed in Item 1A Risk Factors within this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Even after the pandemic has subsided, we may continue to experience adverse impacts to our business as a
result of any economic recession or depression that has occurred as a result of the pandemic. Therefore, we cannot reasonably
estimate the impact at this time. We continue to actively monitor the pandemic and may determine to take further actions that
alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that we determine are in the best
interests of our employees, customers, vendors, and shareholders. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

We
have identified the policies below as critical to our understanding of the results of our business operations. We discuss the
impact and any associated risks related to these policies on our business operations throughout Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results. 

In
the ordinary course of business, we have made a number of estimates and assumptions in preparing our financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Actual results could differ
significantly from those estimates and assumptions. The following critical accounting policies are those that are most important
to the portrayal of our consolidated financial statements. For a summary of our significant accounting policies, including the
critical accounting policies discussed below, refer to Note 3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included
in the notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2020 included elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

We
consider the following accounting policies to be those most important to the portrayal of our results of operations and financial
condition: 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB ), Accounting Standards
Codification ASC ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). Revenues are recognized
when control is transferred to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to receive
in exchange for those goods. Revenue recognition is evaluated through the following five steps: (i) identification of the contract,
or contracts, with a customer; (ii) identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determination of the
transaction price; (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognition
of revenue when or as a performance obligation is satisfied. 

Revenue
is derived from the sale of artificial intelligence and machine learning focused technology products and related services. The
Company recognizes revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Product
sales occur once control is transferred upon delivery to the customer. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the
Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products. The amount of consideration the Company receives and revenue
the Company recognizes varies with changes in customer incentives the Company offers to its customers and their customers. In
the event any discounts, sales incentives, or similar arrangements are agreed to with a customer, such amounts are estimated at
time of sale and deducted from revenue. Sales taxes and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue (see Note 8). 

Contract liabilities include amounts billed to customers in
excess of revenue recognized and are presented as contract liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets (see Note 8). 

Income
Taxes 

We
accounts for income taxes using an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Accordingly,
deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from the difference between the tax basis of an asset or liability and its reported
amount in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred tax amounts are determined using the tax rates expected to be in effect
when the taxes will actually be paid or refunds received, as provided under currently enacted tax law. Valuation allowances are
established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense or benefit
is the tax payable or refundable, respectively, for the period plus or minus the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities
during the period. We have recorded a full valuation allowance for our net deferred tax assets as of June 30, 2020 and
2019 because realization of those assets is not reasonably assured. 

We
will recognize a financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more
likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount
recognized in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate
settlement with the relevant tax authority. 

We
believe our income tax filing positions and deductions will be sustained upon examination and, accordingly, no reserves, or related
accruals for interest and penalties has been recorded at June 30, 2020 and 2019. 

27 

Share-Based
Compensation 

We compute share based payments in accordance
with the provisions of ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation and related interpretations. As such, compensation
cost is measured on the date of grant at the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts, if any, are amortized
over the respective vesting periods of the grants. 

Restricted stock awards are granted at
the discretion of the compensation committee of our board of directors (the Board of Directors ). These awards are
restricted as to the transfer of ownership and generally vest over the requisite service periods (vesting on a straight line
basis). The fair value of a stock award is equal to the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the grant date. 

We estimate the fair value of stock options
and warrants by using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The Black Scholes option valuation model requires the development
of assumptions that are inputs into the model. These assumptions are the expected stock volatility, the risk free interest
rate, the expected life of the option, the dividend yield on the underlying stock and the expected forfeiture rate. Expected volatility
is calculated based on the historical volatility of our common stock over the expected term of the option. Risk free interest
rates are calculated based on continuously compounded risk free rates for the appropriate term. 

Determining the appropriate fair value
model and calculating the fair value of equity based payment awards requires the input of the subjective assumptions described
above. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of equity based payment awards represent management s best
estimates, which involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. We are required to estimate
the expected forfeiture rate and recognize expense only for those shares expected to vest. 

We account for share based payments
granted to non employees in accordance with ASC 505 50, Equity Based Payments to Non Employees. 
We determine the fair value of the stock based payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair
value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more readily determinable. If the fair value of the equity instruments issued
is used, it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date at which
a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached, or (2) the date at which the counterparty s
performance is complete. 

Derivative
Instruments 

We
enter into financing arrangements that consist of freestanding derivative instruments or are hybrid instruments that contain embedded
derivative features. We recognize derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet and measure such
derivative instruments at fair values with gains or losses recognized in earnings. Embedded derivatives that are not clearly and
closely related to the host contract are bifurcated and are recognized at fair value with changes in fair value recognized as
either a gain or loss in earnings. The fair values of derivative financial instruments are estimated using various techniques
(and combinations thereof) that are considered consistent with the objective measuring fair values. In selecting the appropriate
technique, the nature of the instrument, the market risks that it embodies and the expected means of settlement are considered.
Estimating fair values of derivative financial instruments requires the development of significant and subjective estimates that
may, and are likely to, change over the duration of the instrument with related changes in internal and external market factors.
In addition, option-based techniques (such as Black-Scholes model) are highly volatile and sensitive to changes in the trading
market price of our common stock. Since derivative financial instruments are initially and subsequently carried at fair values,
our income (expense) going forward will reflect the volatility in these estimates and assumption changes. 

Accounts
Receivable 

We regularly review outstanding receivables
and provide for estimated losses through an allowance for doubtful accounts. In evaluating the level of established loss reserves,
we make judgments regarding our customers ability to make required payments, economic events, and other factors. As the
financial condition of these parties change, circumstances develop or additional information becomes available, adjustments
to the allowance for doubtful accounts may be required. We maintain reserves for potential credit losses, and such losses traditionally
have been within our expectations. Additionally, to date, the Company has entered into three separate tri-party settlement
and offset agreements with its largest customer and largest vendor, whereby the Company s largest customer has agreed to
direct funds due the Company for certain outstanding invoices, to the Company s largest vendor to satisfy payment on behalf
of the Company for certain outstanding invoices. To date, the aggregate amount of the three tri-party settlement and offset agreements
has totaled 22,500,000. At June 30, 2020 and 2019, we determined there was no requirement for an allowance for doubtful
accounts. 

New Accounting Standards 

Refer to Note 3 to our audited consolidated
financial statements including in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of recently adopted and to be adopted accounting
standards. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See
financial statements starting on page F-1. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

28 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) as of June 30, 2020 to determine whether our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable
assurance that the information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder,
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide
absolute assurance that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Based on this evaluation, management
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of June 30, 2020. In designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot
provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with GAAP. 

Our
management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2020. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that, as of June 30, 2020, our internal control over financial reporting
was effective based on such criteria. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even
those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Furthermore,
smaller companies face additional limitations. Smaller companies employ fewer individuals and find it difficult to properly segregate
duties. Smaller companies tend to utilize general accounting software packages that lack a rigorous set of software controls. 

Attestation
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting due to the rules of the SEC for smaller reporting companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2020 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

29 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors,
Executive Officers, and Other Key Employees 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of the members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers and the positions
held by each as of January 1, 2021. 

Name

Age

Positions(s)

Anshu
 Bhatnagar 
 
 47 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 

Christopher
 Cutchens 
 
 43 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Biographies
for the members of our Board of Directors and our management team are set forth below. 

Anshu
Bhatnagar Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Anshu
Bhatnagar has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our board of directors since January 11, 2019. In addition,
since January 2017, Mr. Bhatnagar has served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors of Verus International,
Inc. Mr. Bhatnagar is a food distribution veteran and previously was the Chief Executive Officer of American Agro Group, an international
trading and distribution company that specialized in exporting agricultural commodities and food products from May 2012 to January
2016. Mr. Bhatnagar was also a Managing Member of Blue Capital Group, a real estate oriented multi-family office focused on acquiring,
developing, and managing commercial real estate as well as investing in operating businesses from January 2008 to December 2016.
He has also owned and operated other successful businesses in technology, construction and waste management. We believe Mr. Bhatnagar
is qualified to serve as a member of our board because of his extensive business experience including his experience in the food
industry. 

Christopher
Cutchens Chief Financial Officer 

Christopher
Cutchens has served as our Chief Financial Officer since June 1, 2019. In addition, since June 2019, Mr. Cutchens has served
as the Chief Financial Officer of Verus International, Inc, and since June 2018 he has served as the Managing Partner of Cutchens
Group, LLC, a consulting firm specializing in providing operational and financial services to both public and private companies.
From January 2016 until June 2018, Mr. Cutchens served as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Financial Officer
of MidAmerica Administrative Retirement Solutions, LLC, a private company that provides employee benefit programs to plan
sponsors and employees. From January 2013 to January 2016, Mr. Cutchens served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of Aspire Financial Services, LLC Aspire ), and from April 2012 to January 2013, he served as Vice President
of Accounting and Finance of Aspire. Aspire is a service provider of retirement solutions. In addition, Mr. Cutchens has served
in various other capacities including Corporate Controller of Watsco, Inc. (NYSE: WSO); Corporate Controller of Carrier Enterprise,
LLC; Director of Corporate Accounting and Financial Reporting and Assistant Corporate Controller of MarineMax, Inc. (NYSE: HZO);
and Senior Auditor at KPMG LLP. Mr. Cutchens received a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting and a masters degree in accounting
information systems from the University of South Florida. Mr. Cutchens is a CPA licensed in the State of Florida. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among our executive officers and directors. 

Corporate
Governance 

Board
Committees 

The
Company presently does not have an audit committee, compensation committee or nominating and corporate governance committee or
committee performing similar functions, as management believes that the Company is in an early stage of development to form such
committees. The board of directors acts in place of such committees. The Company currently does not have an audit committee financial
expert for the same reason that it does not have board committees. 

30 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth the compensation paid to our principal executive officer named executive officer and
the other executive officers during our fiscal year ended June 30, 2020 and 2019. 

Name and Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards 
 Non- Equity Incentive 
 Other ) (4) 
 Total ) 
 
 Anshu Bhatnagar 
 2020 
 275,000 
 - 
 16,202,529 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 1,562 
 16,479,091 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 2019 
 129,861 
 - 
 3,803,146 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 251 
 3,933,258 

Christopher Cutchens 
 2020 
 75,000 
 - 
 103,078 (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 178,078 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2019 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1)
The amount represents the grant date fair value of awards earned as computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The annual
expense for the 2020 stock awards relates to warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock that are granted
under the provisions of the Chief Executive Officer s employment agreement and are immediately vested upon being earned.
For additional information regarding assumptions underlying the valuations of these stock awards and the calculation method, please
refer to Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements. 

(2)
Includes (i) 1,310,449 related to 2,620,899 shares of common stock granted on January 11, 2019 under the provisions of the Chief
Executive Officer s employment agreement and related transition agreement with the Company, and were immediately vested,
and (ii) 2,492,697 representing the grant date fair value of awards computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The annual
expense for the 2019 stock awards relates to warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock that are granted
under the provisions of the Chief Executive Officer s employment agreement and are immediately vested upon being earned.
For additional information regarding assumptions underlying the valuations of these stock awards and the calculation method, please
refer to Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements. 

(3)
The amount represents the grant date fair value of awards earned as computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The annual
expense for the 2020 stock awards relates to common stock granted on June 1, 2019 under the provisions of the Chief Financial
Officer s employment agreement and are immediately vested upon being earned. 

(4)
Amounts represent interest on a loan to the Company. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

None. 

31 

Employment
Agreements 

Anshu
Bhatnagar Employment Agreement 

Mr.
Bhatnagar, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to the terms of an Employment Agreement, Transition Agreement and a
Warrant Agreement, each dated as of January 11, 2019, for a period of 5 years and at a base cash salary of 275,000 per annum.
Under the terms of the Employment Agreement and Transition Agreement, Mr. Bhatnagar received 2,620,899 restricted shares of the
Company s Common Stock. 

In
addition, Mr. Bhatnagar was granted 1,000 shares of a newly-created class of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company that effectively
gives him voting control of the Company. As the holder of one thousand (1,000) shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Mr. Bhatnagar
shall have the number of votes (identical in every other respect to the voting rights of the holders of Common Stock entitled
at any regular or special meeting of shareholders of the Company) equal to such number of shares of Common Stock that is not less
than fifty-one (51 percent of the vote required to approve any action that New Jersey law provides may or must be approved by
vote or consent of the holders of Common Stock or any other securities of the Company entitled to vote. Except as otherwise required
by law, the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock on all matters and shall
not vote as a separate class. Notwithstanding the foregoing, should the Company enter into a merger agreement with another company
and such merger is deemed significant as per SEC Regulation SX Section 3.05 and Section 3.06 requirements, the Company with seek
shareholder approval by a Proxy solicitation in compliance with Federal and State law. 

Mr.
Bhatnagar has been elected to the Board of Directors of the Company. Under the terms of the Transition Agreement and a cashless
Warrant Agreement, Mr. Bhatnagar is able to earn an additional 4 of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company for each 1 million
of gross revenues of the Company up to 15 million in such revenues and for a total (including his original grant of the Company s
common stock) not to exceed 80 of the total outstanding common stock of the Company. The purpose of this transaction is to bring
in new management to the Company replacing its existing management to develop and expand its offerings into the artificial intelligence
and machine learning industries while continuing development of the Company s patented and patent pending Smart NanoBattery
and Drug Delivery Systems. In addition, Mr. Bhatnagar intends to broaden the Company s existing lines of business to include
diverse lines of business that the Company can manage profitably. 

On
July 15, 2020, the Company entered into an exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement with its Chief Executive
Officer, Anshu Bhatnagar Holder ), whereby earned and issued warrants to purchase 37,390,452 shares of the Company s
Common Stock (the Cancelled Warrants pursuant to the terms of that certain Transition Agreement (the Transition
Agreement and Warrant Agreement (the Warrant Agreement each between the Company and Holder and dated as
of January 11, 2019 were forfeited and exchanged for (i) 37,390,452 shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Shares and (ii) the cancellation and termination of the Transition Agreement and Warrant Agreement. The Cancelled Warrants had an exercise
price of 0.50 per share and were not subject to expiration. Such Exchange Agreement is intended to make the Company s capitalization
more attractive to potential investors and to remove the uncertainty associated with any future grants of warrants under the Transition
Agreement and Warrant Agreement, although there can be no assurance of any future investments on terms that are attractive to
the Company, or at all. Immediately prior to the Company s entry into the Exchange Agreement, it was determined that 5,650,708
additional warrants (the Additional Warrants to purchase the Company s Common Stock were due to and issued
to the Holder in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Transition Agreement as the Transition Agreement required certain
liabilities to be eliminated by the prior management team within six months of the Transition Agreement s effective date
of January 11, 2019. However, the Additional Warrants were immediately cancelled and terminated with the intention of mitigating
potential liabilities arising from certain issuances of the Company s Common Stock below the minimum price of 0.50 per
share as stated within the Transition Agreement. The Shares to be issued and sold to the Holder pursuant to the Exchange Agreement
were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation
D promulgated thereunder. 

Chris
Cutchens Employment Agreement 

On
June 1, 2019 (the Effective Date ), the Company entered into an employment agreement (the Employment Agreement with Christopher Cutchens pursuant to which Mr. Cutchens will serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Pursuant to the
terms of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Cutchens will receive a base salary of 75,000 per year. Mr. Cutchens base salary
shall be subject to annual review and increase by the Company beginning on November 1, 2020. Mr. Cutchens shall also be eligible
to receive an annual performance-based bonus based upon the attainment of certain goals established by the Company. The bonus
shall not exceed 50 of Mr. Cutchens then base salary. In addition to the foregoing, Mr. Cutchens received 231,635 shares
of the Company s common stock which shall vest 25 on the six-month, 1 year, 2 year and 3-year anniversaries of the Effective
Date. Mr. Cutchens is also entitled to participate in any and all benefit plans in effect for senior executives of the Company,
along with vacation, sick and holiday pay in accordance with the Company s policies established and in effect from time
to time. 

32 

The
Company or Mr. Cutchens may terminate the Employment Agreement at any time and for any reason; provided, however, Mr. Cutchens
must provide at least 30 days prior written notice of his termination. In addition, the Company may terminate Mr. Cutchens 
employment with or without Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement). In the event the Company terminates Mr. Cutchens 
employment without Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement) and if Mr. Cutchens executes a general release of all claims
against the Company and its affiliates, which release is not revoked, then, Mr. Cutchens shall receive the following: (i) if Mr.
Cutchens has been employed by the Company between 12 and 23 months, six months of his then base salary; (ii) if Mr. Cutchens has
been employed by the Company for at least 24 months, twelve months of his then based salary; and (iii) COBRA benefits. In the
event Mr. Cutchens terminates his employment with the Company for any reason, he shall be entitled to receive (i) any portion
of his then base salary not paid through the date of termination; (ii) reimbursement of expenses incurred on or prior to the termination
date; (iii) any accrued but unused vacation pay; (iii) any pro-rated and unpaid portion of the annual bonus Mr. Cutchens is entitled
to as of the termination date; and any amount arising from Mr. Cutchens participation in, or benefits under, any benefit
plans. 

Director
Compensation 

None. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information
as of January 1, 2021, as to each person or group who is known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our
outstanding voting securities and as to the security and percentage ownership of each of our executive officers and directors
and of all of our officers and directors as a group. As of January 1, 2021, we had 75,763,376 shares of common stock
outstanding, and 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power over securities. Except in
cases where community property laws apply or as indicated in the footnotes to this table, we believe that each stockholder identified
in the table possesses sole voting and investment power over all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by the stockholder. 

Shares
of common stock that are currently exercisable or convertible within 60 days of January 1, 2021, are deemed to be beneficially
owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage beneficial ownership of that person, but
are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Name and Address (1) 
 
 Common Stock Ownership 

Percentage of 
 Common 
 Stock Ownership 

Series A Preferred Stock Ownership 

Percentage of Series A Preferred Stock 

Percentage of Total Voting Power(2) 

Officers and Directors: 

Anshu Bhatnagar 

40,011,351 

52.8 

1,000 

100 

52.8 

Christopher Cutchens (3) 

115,818 

- 

0 

All Officers and Directors as a Group 
 (2 Persons) 

40,127,169 

53.0 

1,000 

100 

53.0 

5 Stockholders: 

None 

Less than one percent. 

33 

(1)
Unless otherwise indicated, the address of the stockholder is c/o mPhase Technologies, Inc., 9841 Washingtonian Blvd., Suite 390,
Gaithersburg, MD 20878. 

(2)
Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share, holders of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled
to the number of votes (identical in every other respect to the voting rights of the holders of Common Stock entitled at any regular
or special meeting of shareholders of the Company) equal to such number of shares of Common Stock that is not less than fifty-one
(51 of the vote required to approve any action that New Jersey law provides may or must be approved by vote or consent of the
holders of Common Stock or any other securities of the Company entitled to vote. 

(3)
Excludes 115,817 shares of common stock which vests in two equal installments on June 1, 2021 and June 1, 2022. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS; DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related
Party Transactions 

Transactions
with Microphase Corporation 

At
June 30, 2020, the Company owed 32,545 to Microphase for previously leased office space at its Norwalk location and for certain
research and development services and shared administrative personnel from time to time, all through December 31, 2015. 

Transactions
with Former Director 

A
former outside Director, received 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock valued at 100,000 pursuant to a resolution
of the Company s Board dated November 28, 2017, whereby such shares would be issued when enough authorized shares became
available. The liability for this award was included in accrued expenses at June 30, 2018. The shares of the Company s common
stock were issued during the year ended June 30, 2019. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2019, a former outside Director s affiliated firms converted 186,000 of accrued fees into 372,000
shares and 132,234 of a note and accrued interest into 276,205 shares of the Company s common stock. At June 30, 2020 and
2019, there was no outstanding balance for accrued fees or a note with accrued interest. 

Effective
October 1, 2018, the Company reversed to additional paid in capital 7,500 of accrued finders fees waved by Eagle Strategic
Advisers and no amount of such fees was accrued to this former outside Director s affiliated firm at June 30, 2020 and 2019. 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, there was no accrued interest recorded on this loan. During the fiscal year ended June 30,
2019, the Company recorded 1,959 of accrued interest on this loan. 

34 

Transactions
With Officers 

On
July 15, 2020, the Company entered into an exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement with its Chief Executive
Officer Holder ), whereby earned and issued warrants to purchase 37,390,452 shares of the Company s Common
Stock (the Cancelled Warrants pursuant to the terms of that certain Transition Agreement (the Transition
Agreement and Warrant Agreement (the Warrant Agreement each between the Company and Holder and dated as
of January 11, 2019 were forfeited and exchanged for (i) 37,390,452 shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Shares and (ii) the cancellation and termination of the Transition Agreement and Warrant Agreement. The Cancelled Warrants had an exercise
price of 0.50 per share and were not subject to expiration. Such Exchange Agreement is intended to make the Company s capitalization
more attractive to potential investors and to remove the uncertainty associated with any future grants of warrants under the Transition
Agreement and Warrant Agreement, although there can be no assurance of any future investments on terms that are attractive to
the Company, or at all. Immediately prior to the Company s entry into the Exchange Agreement, it was determined that 5,650,708
additional warrants (the Additional Warrants to purchase the Company s Common Stock were due to and issued
to the Holder in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Transition Agreement as the Transition Agreement required certain
liabilities to be eliminated by the prior management team within six months of the Transition Agreement s effective date
of January 11, 2019. However, the Additional Warrants were immediately cancelled and terminated with the intention of mitigating
potential liabilities arising from certain issuances of the Company s Common Stock below the minimum price of 0.50 per
share as stated within the Transition Agreement. 

At
various points during past fiscal years, certain officers and former officers of the Company provided bridge loans to the Company
evidenced by individual promissory notes and deferred compensation so as to provide working capital to the Company. All of these
notes accrue interest at the rate of 6 per annum, and are payable on demand. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2020 and
2019, the officers advanced 48,052 and 144,557, respectively, to provide working capital to the Company. During the fiscal years
ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, 4,536 and 15,467, respectively, has been charged for interest on loans from officers. 

At
June 30, 2020 and 2019, these outstanding notes including accrued interest totaled 78,758 and 58,165, respectively. At June
30, 2020 and 2019, these promissory notes are not convertible into shares of the Company s common stock. 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, the Company incurred 15,500 of expense related to legal and consulting services provided
by Mr. Smiley, the Company s former Chief Financial Officer and legal counsel. During October 2019, the entire balance of
 15,500 was converted into 62,000 shares of common stock. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019, the Company incurred 9,000
of expense related to legal and consulting services provided by Mr. Smiley, the Company s former Chief Financial Officer
and legal counsel. During July 2019, the entire balance of 9,000 was converted into 36,000 shares of common stock. 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019, three former officers of the Company, Mr. Biderman as a former outside director, and certain
strategic consultants, who provided services to the Company, received a total of 1,150,000 shares of common stock, which were
valued at 0.50 or 575,000, based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on September 24, 2018, and was included
in accrued expenses at June 30, 2018. 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019, the Company issued 3,898,733 shares of common stock, with 329,553 shares to be issued, to
a number of related parties and strategic consultants in connection with prior services provided to the Company. The shares issued
were valued at 1,883,445. 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019, the Company issued 2,620,899 Signing Shares shares of common stock to its
President and CEO, Mr. Bhatnagar, in connection with the commencement of his employment with the Company. The grant date fair
value of 1,310,449 is based upon the closing price of the Company s common stock on January 11, 2019, and is included in
stock-based compensation expense within the consolidated statement of operations. 

On June 1, 2019, the Company granted 231,635
shares of common stock to Mr. Cutchens, the Company s Chief Financial Officer. The common stock vests 25 on the six month,
1 year, 2 year, and 3 year anniversaries of the grant date. At June 30, 2020, 115,818 shares of common stock have vested and
115,817 shares remain unvested. During the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company recorded 133,142 and 16,464,
respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to this common stock grant. 

35 

Conversion
Feature and Conversions of Debt to Officers 

The
Company amortized the remaining 91,177 deferred charge balance to beneficial conversion feature interest expense for the year
ended June 30, 2019. At June 30, 2020 and 2019, there is no deferred charges for beneficial conversion feature interest expense
remaining. 

Office
Lease 

Effective
May 1, 2019, the Company relocated its corporate office to 9841 Washingtonian Blvd., Suite 390, Gaithersburg, MD 20878, and incurs
rent expense of 1,350 per month, which is payable to a related party, Verus International, Inc., whereby Mr. Bhatnagar is also
the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The lease term is a month-to-month arrangement. 

Director
Independence 

Although
our common stock is not listed on any national securities exchange, for purposes of independence we use the definition of independence
applied by The Nasdaq Stock Market. Our board of directors has determined that its sole member, Anshu Bhatnagar, is not independent 
in accordance with such definition. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
aggregate fees billed by our principal independent registered public accounting firm for the indicated services for each of the
last two fiscal years were as follows: 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Audit fees 
 48,500 
 40,000 
 
 Audit related fees 
 21,550 
 26,000 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 70,050 
 66,000 

Audit
Fees. The fees identified under this caption were for professional services rendered by our independent public registered
accounting firm for the 2020 and 2019 fiscal years in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements. The amounts
also include fees for services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with
statutory and regulatory filings and engagements for the years identified. Effective December 8, 2020, Boyle CPA, LLC Boyle
CPA ), was appointed by our board of directors as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, replacing
RBSM, LLP RBSM the Company s prior independent registered public accounting firm since August 19, 2020.
Effective August 19, 2020, RBSM, LLP RBSM ), was appointed by our board of directors as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm, replacing Assurance Dimensions, Inc. AD ), the Company s prior
independent registered public accounting firm since November 3, 2016. Audit fees billed by Boyle CPA, RBSM and AD for professional
services rendered for the 2020 fiscal year were 30,000, 15,000 and 3,500, respectively. All audit fees billed
for professional services rendered for the 2019 fiscal year were billed solely by AD. 

Audit-Related
Fees. The fees identified under this caption were for review of our financial statements included in our quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q and were not reported under the caption Audit Fees. This category may include fees related to the performance
of audits and attestation services not required by statute or regulations, and accounting consultations about the application
of generally accepted accounting principles to proposed transactions. All audit-related fees billed for the 2020 and 2019 fiscal
years were billed solely by AD. 

Tax
Fees. The fees identified under this caption were for tax compliance, tax planning, tax advice and corporate tax services.
Corporate tax services encompass a variety of permissible services, including technical tax advice related to tax matters; assistance
with withholding-tax matters; assistance with state and local taxes; preparation of reports to comply with local tax authority
transfer pricing documentation requirements; and assistance with tax audits. 

Approval
Policy. Our board of directors approves in advance all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm.
All engagements of our independent registered public accounting firm in fiscal years 2020 and 2019 were pre-approved by the board
of directors. 

36 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Financial
Statements 

Description

Pages 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Loss 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

Exhibit
 Number 

Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Exchange of Stock Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2(a) to our registration statement on Form 10SB-12G filed on October 16, 1998). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Exchange of Stock Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated June 25, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2(b) to our registration statement on Form 10SB-12G filed on May 6, 1999). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-1 filed July 19, 2019, Registration No. 333-23273). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company creating a new class of Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock of the Company and increase of authorized shares of common stock to 125 billion shares (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed January 4, 2019). 
 
 3.3 
 
 By Laws of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Form S-1 filed July 19, 2019, Registration No. 333-23273). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company increasing the authorized shares of common stock to 100 million shares from 25 million shares (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed September 9, 2019). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company increasing the authorized shares of common stock to 250 million shares from 100 million shares (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed July 17, 2020). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company increasing the authorized shares of common stock to 500 million shares from 250 million shares (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed August 6, 2020). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Definitive Schedule 14C Information Statement for a 5000/1 Reverse Split of the Company s Common stock (filed April 22, 2019). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Development Agreement effective February 3, 2004 between Lucent Technologies, Inc. and mPhase Technologies for development of micro fuel cell Nano Technology (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Amendment No. 6 to Form 10-K filed August 13, 2010). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment No.2 to Development Agreement executed as of March 9, 2005 amending Development Agreement effective as of February 3, 2004, as amended relating to Micro Power Source Cells between mPhase Technologies, Inc. and Lucent Technologies, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Amendment No. 6 to Form 10-K filed August 13, 2010). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 3 dated May 19, 2006 to Development Agreement between Lucent Technologies, Inc. and mPhase Technologies, Inc. effective February 3, 2004 for development of micro fuel cell nanotechnology (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K filed August 13, 2010). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amendment No. 4 dated February 3, 2007 to Development Agreement effective February 3, 2004 for development of Micro Fuel Cell Nanotechnology (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Amendment No. 6 to Form 10-K filed August 13, 2010). 

37 

10.5 
 
 Phase I U.S. Army Grant dated July 7, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to Form 10-K filed October 7, 2009). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Documentation including 350,000 Note and 1,000,000 Secured Note for financing between the Company and JMJ Financial dated March 25, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to Form 10-K filed October 7, 2009). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Phase II U.S. Army grant dated August 29, 2008 (Incorporation by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to Form 10-K filed October 6, 2009). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Forbearance Agreement dated as of September 13, 2011 between mPhase Technologies, Inc. and John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed September 16, 2011). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2011 between mPhase Technologies, Inc and John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Form 8-K filed September 16, 2011). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Officer s Certificate delivered pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2011 between mPhase Technologies, Inc. and John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to Form 8-K filed September 16, 2011). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Confession of Judgment 1 delivered pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2011 between mPhase Technologies, Inc. and John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to Form 8-K filed September 16, 2011). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Confession of Judgment 2 delivered pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2011 between mPhase Technologies, Inc. and John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to Form 8-K filed September 16, 2011). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of September 13, 2011 between mPhase Technologies, Inc. and John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.6 to Form 8-K filed September 16, 2011). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Convertible Note dated September 13, 2011 issued by mPhase Technologies, Inc. to John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.7 to Form 8-K filed September 16, 2011). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Stand Still and Restructuring Agreement entered into as of May 31,2012 with John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed June 5, 2012). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Stand Still and Restructuring Agreement entered into as of June 1,2012 with JMJ Financial (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Form 8-K filed June 5, 2012). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Forbearance Agreement and Amendment thereto dated February 15, 2015 as amended on August 11, 2015 with John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 to form 8-K filed August 12, 2015). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Second Modification to Forbearance Agreement with John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed January 29, 2016). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Third Modification to Forbearance Agreement with John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed May 23rd, 2016). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Amendment to Judgment Settlement Agreement with John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed February 23, 2018). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Debt/Equity Conversion Agreements of Related Parties, dated as of January 1, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.97 to Form 10-K filed October 15, 2018). 
 
 10.22+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of January 11, 2019 between Mr. Anshu Bhatnagar and mPhase Technologies, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed January 14, 2019). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Transition Agreement dated as of January 11, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed January 14, 2019). 
 
 10.24+ 
 
 Warrant granted to Mr. Anshu Bhatnagar (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed January 14, 2019). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed January 14, 2019). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Reserve Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K filed January 14, 2019). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Debt Conversion Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K filed January 14, 2019). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Officers and Directors Resignation Letters (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 8-K filed January 14, 2019). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Amendment to Judgment Settlement Agreement with John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed February 11, 2019). 

38 

10.30+ 
 
 Employment Agreement effective June 1, 2019 between Christopher Cutchens and the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed June 6, 2019). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note each dated as of July 30, 2019 between the Company and an Accredited Investor
 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, filed August 1, 2019). 
 
 10.32 
 
 Product License and Content Agreement Agreement between the Company and iLearningEngines, Inc., a Delaware corporation ILE ). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to Amendment No. 1 to Form 8-K, filed August 12, 2019). 
 
 10.33 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note each dated as of September 5, 2019 between the Company and an Accredited
 Investor (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, filed September 12, 2019). 
 
 10.34 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Notes each dated as of September 24, 2019 between the Company and Accredited
 Investors (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, filed October 3, 2019). 
 
 10.35 
 
 Amendment to Reserve Agreement dated October 9, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to Form 10-K filed October 15, 2019). 
 
 10.36 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note each dated as of December 2, 2019 between the Company and an Accredited
 Investor (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, filed December 6, 2019). 
 
 10.37 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreements and Convertible Promissory Notes each dated as of December 2, 2019 between the Company and Accredited
 Investors (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 , 10.2 , 10.3 , and 10.4 filed December 9, 2019). 
 
 10.38 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note each dated as of December 17, 2019 between the Company and an Accredited
 Investor (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 filed December 23, 2019). 
 
 10.39 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note each dated as of January 9, 2020 between the Company and an Accredited
 Investor (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 filed January 17, 2020). 
 
 10.40 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note each dated as of January 21, 2020 between the Company and an Accredited
 Investor (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 filed January 28, 2020). 
 
 10.41 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note each dated as of February 24, 2020 between the Company and an Accredited
 Investor (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 filed February 28, 2020). 
 
 10.42 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note each dated as of March 3, 2020 between the Company and an Accredited Investor
 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 filed March 9, 2020). 
 
 10.43 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of May 11, 2020 between the Company and CloseComms Limited (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibit 10.1 filed May 15, 2020). 
 
 10.44 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note each dated as of June 2, 2020 between the Company and an Accredited Investor
 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 filed June 8, 2020). 
 
 10.45 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated as of June 12, 2020 between the Company and an Accredited Investor (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibit 10.1 filed June 22, 2020). 
 
 10.46 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement , by and among mPhase Technologies, Inc. and White Lion Capital,
 LLC, dated July 13, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 filed July 17, 2020). 
 
 10.47+ 
 
 Exchange Agreement dated as of July 15, 2020 between Mr. Anshu Bhatnagar and mPhase Technologies, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibit 10.3 filed July 17, 2020). 
 
 10.48 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note each dated as of July 24, 2020 between the Company and an Accredited Investor
 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 filed July 30, 2020). 
 
 10.49 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note each dated as of July 31, 2020 between the Company and an Accredited Investor
(Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 filed August 6, 2020). 

39 

10.50 
 
 Second Amendment to Judgment Settlement Agreement with John Fife and Convertible Promissory Note each dated August 17, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed August 21, 2020). 
 
 10.51 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note each dated as of August 19, 2020 between the Company and an Accredited Investor (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 filed August 25, 2020). 
 
 10.52 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note each dated as of August 20, 2020 between the Company and an Accredited Investor (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 filed August 26, 2020). 
 
 10.53 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note each dated as of August 27, 2020 between the Company and an Accredited Investor (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 filed September 2, 2020). 
 
 10.54 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note each dated as of August 31, 2020 between the Company and an Accredited Investor (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 filed September 4, 2020). 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from Assurance Dimensions, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibit 16.1 filed August 25, 2020). 
 
 20.1 
 
 Financial Statements of Alpha Predictions (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 to Form 8-K/A Amendment No. 1 filed September 13, 2019). 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

+
Each of these Exhibits constitutes a management contract, compensatory plan, or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

40 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual
Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 5 th day
of January 2021. 

mPhase
 Technologies, Inc. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Anshu Bhatnagar 

Anshu
 Bhatnagar 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

By:
 
 /s/
 Christopher Cutchens 

Christopher
 Cutchens 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below
by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Anshu Bhatnagar 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 January
 5, 2021 
 
 Anshu
 Bhatnagar 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Christopher Cutchens 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 January
 5, 2021 
 
 Christopher
 Cutchens 

41 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and 

 Board of Directors of mPhase Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of mPhase Technologies, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2020, and the related consolidated statements
of operations and other comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders (deficit) equity, and cash flows for the year then
ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2020, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt About the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial
statements, the Company has a history of net losses, has incurred recurring negative cash flow from operating activities, and
has an accumulated deficit which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

Basis of Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based
on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Boyle CPA, LLC 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2020 

Bayville, NJ 

 January 5, 2021 

361
 Hopedale Drive SE 
 P
 (732) 822-4427 

Bayville,
 NJ 08721 
 F
 (732) 510-0665 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of mPhase Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of mPhase Technologies, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2019 and the
related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2019, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2019, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2019, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has a history of net losses, has negative working capital at June 30, 2019,
has incurred recurring negative cash flow from operating activities, and has an accumulated deficit which raises substantial doubt
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
 Assurance Dimensions 

Assurance
 Dimensions, Inc. 

We
 served as the Company s auditor from 2016 through 2019. 

Coconut
 Creek, FL 

October
 15, 2019 

F- 2 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 2020 
 June 30, 2019 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 
 142,413 
 33,996 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 14,048,095 
 2,526,155 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 4,477 
 8,820 
 
 Other assets 
 30,879 
 - 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 14,225,864 
 2,568,971 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 32,669 
 11,048 
 
 Goodwill 
 3,636 
 6,020 
 
 Intangible asset - purchased software, net 
 2,835,117 
 3,025,801 
 
 Other assets 
 11,670 
 3,058 
 
 Total Assets 
 17,108,956 
 5,614,898 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 
 7,897,887 
 366,274 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 1,123,842 
 3,368,801 
 
 Contract liabilities 
 219,652 
 - 
 
 Due to related parties 
 84,485 
 65,459 
 
 Notes payable to officers 
 26,818 
 25,251 
 
 Notes payable 
 20,469 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes payable, net 
 189,641 
 2,351 
 
 Current portion, liabilities in arrears with convertible features 
 109,000 
 109,000 
 
 Current portion, liabilities in arrears - judgement settlement agreement (Note 10) 
 771,702 
 855,660 
 
 Derivative liability 
 897,631 
 133,669 
 
 Liabilities of discontinued operations 
 82,795 
 82,795 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 11,423,922 
 5,009,260 

Notes payable, net of current portion 
 167,459 
 - 
 
 Total Liabilities 
 11,591,381 
 5,009,260 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 16) 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred stock, 0.01 par value; 1,000 shares authorized and 1,000
shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2020 and 2019 
 10 
 10 
 
 Common stock, 0.01 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized and 19,318,679 shares issued and 19,174,492 outstanding at June 30, 2020, and 11,689,078 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2019 
 191,745 
 116,890 
 
 Additional paid-in-capital 
 231,984,704 
 214,007,203 
 
 Common stock to be issued 
 955,466 
 115,388 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 113,070 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (227,727,420 
 (213,633,853 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity 
 5,517,575 
 605,638 
 
 Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 17,108,956 
 5,614,898 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For
 the Years Ended 

June
 30, 

2020 

2019 

Revenue 

30,276,422 

2,500,000 

Cost
 of revenue 

22,579,544 

- 

Gross
 Profit 

7,696,878 

2,500,000 

Operating
 Expenses: 

Software
 development costs 

991,928 

- 

Salaries
 and benefits 

17,585,981 

4,022,909 

General
 and administrative expenses 

1,695,200 

242,977 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

20,273,109 

4,265,886 

Operating
 loss 

(12,576,231) 

(1,765,886) 
 
 Other
 Income (Expense): 

Interest
 expense 

(219,589) 

(210,594) 
 
 Gain
 (loss) on change in fair value of derivative liability 

1,584,102 

(30,508) 
 
 Initial
 derivative expense 

(1,610,913) 

(25,161) 
 
 Amortization
 of debt discounts, deferred financing costs, and 
 original
 issue discounts 

(899,491) 

(2,350) 
 
 (Loss)
 gain on extinguishment of debt 

(363,319) 

60,398 

Loss
 on asset disposal 

(8,126) 

- 

Total
 Other Income (Expense) 

(1,517,336) 

(208,215) 
 
 Loss
 from continuing operations before income taxes 

(14,093,567) 

(1,974,101) 
 
 Income
 taxes 

- 

- 

Loss
 from continuing operations 

(14,093,567) 

(1,974,101) 
 
 Discontinued
 operations (Note 17) 

Income
 from discontinued operations 

- 

18,940 

Net
 loss 

(14,093,567) 

(1,955,161) 

Other
 comprehensive loss: 

Unrealized
 gain on foreign currency translation adjustment 

113,070 

- 

Comprehensive
 loss 

(13,980,497) 

(1,955,161) 

Loss
 per common share: 

Loss
 from continuing operations per common share basic and diluted 

(1.08) 

(0.23) 

Income
 from discontinued operations per common share basic and diluted 

- 

0.00 

Loss
 per common share basic and diluted 

(1.08) 

(0.23) 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding basic and diluted 

13,052,590 

8,505,508 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2020 AND 2019 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Common Stock
 
 Other 
 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 0.01 Par Value 
 Shares 
 0.01 Par Value 
 Paid
 in Capital 
 to be Issued 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 (Deficit) Equity 
 
 Balance
 June 30, 2018 
 - 
 - 
 3,372,103 
 33,721 
 207,652,502 
 - 
 - 
 (211,678,692 
 (3,992,469 

Reversal
 of accrued fees from private placements to accredited investors 

7,500 

7,500 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock to accredited investors in private placements 

640,000 
 6,400 
 153,600 

160,000 
 
 Beneficial
 Conversion Feature interest expense charged to additional paid in capital 

91,177 

91,177 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock for accrued services 

1,150,000 
 11,500 
 563,500 

575,000 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock for the conversion of Related Party debts and Strategic Vendor payables 

3,898,733 
 38,987 
 1,762,070 

1,801,057 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock in connection with employment contract 

2,620,899 
 26,209 
 1,284,240 

1,310,449 
 
 Warrants
 earned under employment contract 

2,492,697 

2,492,697 
 
 Issuance
 of Preferred Stock in connection with employment contract 
 1,000 
 10 

(10 

- 
 
 Common
 Stock to be issued for the conversion of Related Party debts and Strategic Vendor payables 

115,388 

115,388 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock in connection with reverse split for fractional shares and adjustments 

7,343 
 73 
 (73 

- 
 
 Net
 loss 

(1,955,161 
 (1,955,161 
 
 Balance
 June 30, 2019 
 1,000 
 10 
 11,689,078 
 116,890 
 214,007,203 
 115,388 
 - 
 (213,633,853 
 605,638 

Issuance
 of Common Stock to accredited investors in private placements 

1,129,577 
 11,296 
 368,704 
 (33,000 

347,000 
 
 Common
 Stock to be issued for CloseComms transaction 

955,466 

955,466 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock for conversions of convertible promissory notes 

5,872,362 
 58,724 
 995,480 

1,054,204 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock for the conversion of Related Party debts and Strategic Vendor payables, net of reversals 

294,654 
 2,947 
 216,570 
 (82,388 

137,129 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock for accrued services 

62,000 
 620 
 45,880 

46,500 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock for services related to private placements 

11,003 
 110 
 (110 

- 
 
 Restricted
 shares issued under employment contract 

115,818 
 1,158 
 148,448 

149,606 
 
 Warrants
 earned under employment contract 

16,202,529 

16,202,529 
 
 Other
 comprehensive income 

113,070 
 
 113,070 
 
 Net
 loss 

(14,093,567 
 (14,093,567 
 
 Balance
 June 30, 2020 
 1,000 
 10 
 19,174,492 
 191,745 
 231,984,704 
 955,466 
 113,070 
 (227,727,420 
 5,517,575 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 
 (14,093,567 
 (1,955,161 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash from operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 
 16,335,671 
 3,819,610 
 
 Initial derivative expense 
 1,610,913 
 25,161 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 929,924 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount, deferred financing costs, and original issue discount 
 899,491 
 2,350 
 
 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt 
 363,319 
 (60,398 
 
 Allowance for foreign taxes 
 145,129 
 - 
 
 Loss on asset disposal 
 8,126 
 - 
 
 (Gain) loss on change in fair value of derivative liability 
 (1,584,102 
 30,508 
 
 Amortization of beneficial conversion feature 
 - 
 91,177 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase in accounts receivable 
 (11,521,940 
 (2,500,000 
 
 Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses 
 4,343 
 (1,332 
 
 Increase in other assets 
 (39,491 
 (2,258 
 
 Increase in contract liabilities 
 219,652 
 - 
 
 Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 5,378,498 
 346,373 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,344,033 
 (203,970 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash acquired in CloseComms asset acquisition 
 70,000 

Capital expenditures 
 (553 

Payments toward Travel Buddhi purchased software intangible 
 - 
 (55,000 
 
 Capitalized software development costs 
 - 
 (4,852 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 69,447 
 (59,852 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes payable, net 
 1,116,800 
 53,000 
 
 Proceeds from sale of common stock, net of finder s fees 
 347,000 
 193,000 
 
 Proceeds from notes payable 
 187,333 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from notes payable to related parties 
 32,800 
 144,557 
 
 Repayments of notes payable to related parties 
 (32,000 
 - 
 
 Repayments under settlement agreement 
 (120,000 
 (93,000 
 
 Repayments of convertible notes payable 
 (262,000 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,269,933 
 297,557 

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash 
 113,070 
 - 
 
 Net increase in cash 
 108,417 
 33,735 
 
 Cash at beginning of year 
 33,996 
 261 
 
 Cash at end of year 
 142,413 
 33,996 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 118,596 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for taxes 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash operating activities: 

Initial fair value of derivative liability recorded as debt discount 
 1,115,000 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Common Stock to be issued for CloseComms asset acquisition 

Value 
 955,466 
 - 
 
 Shares 
 2,666,666 
 - 

Acquisition of Travel Buddhi purchased software intangible under promissory note payable, net of payments 
 - 
 60,281 

Acquisition of Alpha Predictions under promissory note payable 
 - 
 1,438 

Payment of vendor payables by former officer related
 party 

15,252 

- 

Reversal of Common Stock to be issued for the conversion of strategic vendor payables 
 8,725 
 - 

Reversal of accrued fees from private placements to accredited investors 
 - 
 7,500 

Issuance of Common Stock for accrued services 

Value 
 46,500 
 575,000 
 
 Shares 
 62,000 
 1,150,000 

Issuance of Common Stock for the conversion of Related Party debts and Strategic Vendor payables 

Value 
 219,517 
 1,801,057 
 
 Shares 
 294,654 
 3,898,733 

Issuance of Common Stock for services related to private placements 

Value 
 11,250 
 - 
 
 Shares 
 11,003 
 - 

Issuance of Common Stock for conversions of convertible promissory notes and accrued interest 

Value 
 1,054,204 
 - 
 
 Shares 
 5,872,362 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
1: ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS 

Organization
and Nature of Business 

mPhase
Technologies, Inc., including its wholly-owned subsidiaries, are collectively referred to herein as mPhase, XDSL, 
 Company, us, or we. 

We
were incorporated in the state of New Jersey during 1979 under the name Tecma Laboratory, Inc. During 1987, we changed our name
to Tecma Laboratories, Inc. As Tecma Laboratories, Inc., we were primarily engaged in the research, development and exploration
of products in the skin care field. On February 17, 1997, we acquired Lightpaths, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which was engaged
in the development of telecommunications products incorporating DSL technology, and we changed our name to Lightpaths TP Technologies,
Inc. 

On
May 5, 1997, we completed a reverse merger with Lightpaths TP Technologies, Inc. and thereafter changed our name to mPhase Technologies,
Inc. on June 2, 1997. 

From
inception through June 30, 2010, we focused much of our efforts in the commercial deployment of our TV+ products for delivery
of broadcast IPTV, and DSL component products which include POTS splitters. Beginning in 2004, we added a new line of power cell
batteries and electronic sensors (magnetometers) being developed through the use of nano-technology. As of June 30, 2010, we discontinued
our TV+ line of products as well as our electronic sensor products. 

Beginning
June 30, 2010, we shifted our primary business focus to the
development of innovative power cells and related products through the science of microfluidics, microelectromechanical systems
(MEMS) and nano-technology. Using these disciplines, we developed a battery that has a significantly longer shelf life prior to
activation than conventional batteries. In addition, such battery product, unlike conventional batteries, is capable of disposal
after use without harm to the environment. Presently, we are pursuing strategic alternatives to best monetize our patent portfolio,
including partnering to exploit opportunities for our drug delivery system. We are seeking to obtain government funding available
under the Departments of Defense and Homeland Security including The Department of Defense Ordnance Technology Consortium DOTC ),
Small Business Innovative Research SBIR ), Cooperative Research and Development Agreements CRADA and similar programs for targeted applications for our smart nano-battery applications. 

F- 8 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
1: ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS (continued) 

On
January 11, 2019, we underwent a major change in management and control. New management is positioning us to be a technology leader
in artificial intelligence and machine learning while enabling a more rapid commercial development of our patent portfolio and
other intellectual property. We believe there are significant opportunities to embed artificial intelligence and machine learning
into business operations, platform architectures, business services, and customer experiences, whereby our goal is to generate
significant revenue from our artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies. 

On
February 15, 2019, we acquired Travel Buddhi, a software platform to enhance travel via ultra-customization tools that tailor
a planned trip experience in ways not previously available. 

On June 30, 2019, we acquired 99 of the outstanding
common shares of Alpha Predictions LLP Alpha Predictions ). Alpha Predictions is an India-based technology company
that has developed a suite of commercial data analysis products for use across multiple industries. This acquisition has
been integrated into our international operations and as expected, has driven revenue growth and innovation. 

On
May 11, 2020, we acquired CloseComms, a patented, software application platform that can be integrated into a retail customer s
existing Wi-Fi infrastructure, giving the retailer important customer data and enabling AI-enhanced, targeted promotions to drive
store traffic and sales. 

Impact
of COVID-19 Pandemic 

A
novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, surfaced during December 2019 and has spread around the world, including to the United
States. During March 2020, COVID-19 was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. During certain periods of the
pandemic thus far, a number of U.S. states and various countries throughout the world had been under governmental orders requiring
that all workers remain at home unless their work was critical, essential, or life-sustaining. As a result of these governmental
orders, the Company temporarily closed its domestic and international offices and required all of its employees to work remotely.
Although these temporary office closures created minor disruption to the Company s business operations, such disruptions
to date have not been significant. 

The full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
on the Company s financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, such as the ultimate
duration and scope of the pandemic, its impact on the Company s employees, customers, and vendors, in addition to how quickly
normal economic conditions and operations resume and whether the pandemic impacts other risks disclosed in Item 1A Risk
Factors within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Even after the pandemic has subsided, the Company may continue to experience
adverse impacts to its business as a result of any economic recession or depression that has occurred as a result of the pandemic.
Therefore, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the impact at this time. The Company continues to actively monitor the pandemic
and may determine to take further actions that alter its business operations as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities
or that it determines are in the best interests of its employees, customers, vendors, and shareholders. 

NOTE
2: GOING CONCERN 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The Company has incurred net losses of 14,093,567
and 1,955,161 and has used cash in operating activities of 1,344,033 and 203,970 for the years ended June 30, 2020
and 2019, respectively. At June 30, 2020, the Company had a working capital surplus of 2,801,942, and an accumulated
deficit of 227,727,420. It is management s opinion that these facts raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the date of this filing, without additional debt or
equity financing. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts nor to the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable
to continue as a going concern. 

In order to meet its working capital needs
through the next twelve months and to fund the growth of our nanotechnology, artificial intelligence, and machine learning technologies,
the Company may consider plans to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt. Although the Company intends
to obtain additional financing to meet its cash needs, the Company may be unable to secure any additional financing on terms that
are favorable or acceptable to it, if at all. The Company s ability to raise additional capital will also be
impacted by the recent COVID-19 pandemic, which such ability is highly uncertain, cannot be predicted, and could have an adverse
effect on the Company s business and financial condition. 

F- 9 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
3: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis
of Consolidation and Presentation 

The
consolidated financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, include the operations of mPhase and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, mPower Technologies, Inc., Medds, Inc., mPhase Technologies India Private Limited effective March 19, 2019, and
Alpha Predictions LLP effective June 30, 2019. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in
the consolidation. 

mPower
Technologies, Inc. is a New Jersey corporation and a wholly-owned consumer products subsidiary of mPhase Technologies, Inc. As
this subsidiary had its last significant sale of Jump products during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, this product line is reflected
as discontinued operations within these consolidated financial statements. 

Reclassifications 

Certain reclassifications of prior year
amounts have been made to enhance comparability with the current year s consolidated financial statements, including, but
not limited to, presentation of certain items within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, consolidated
statements of cash flows, and certain notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Foreign
Currency Translation and Transactions 

The
functional currencies of our operations in India and the United Kingdom are the Indian Rupee INR and the British
Pound GBP ), respectively. Assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates
in effect at the balance sheet date, and income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates in effect during
the applicable period. The aggregate effect of foreign currency translation is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income/loss
in our consolidated balance sheets. Our net investments in our Indian and United Kingdom operations are recorded at the historical
rates and the resulting foreign currency translation adjustments, net of income taxes, are reported as other comprehensive income
and accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders equity in accordance with ASC 220 Comprehensive
Income. From the effective date of our India subsidiaries, mPhase Technologies India Private Limited and Alpha Predictions LLP,
through June 30, 2019, foreign currency translation gains were not significant and did not have a material impact on the consolidated
balance sheets or consolidated statements of operations. 

The
exchange rates used to translate amounts in INR (beginning March 19, 2019) and GBP (beginning May 11, 2020) into USD for the purposes
of preparing the consolidated financial statements were as follows: 

Balance
sheet: 

June 30, 2020 
 June 30, 2019 
 
 Period-end INR: USD exchange rate 
 0.01329 
 0.01453 
 
 Period-end GBP: USD exchange rate 
 1.23244 
 - 

Income
statement: 

June 30, 2020 
 June 30, 2019 
 
 Average Annual INR: USD exchange rate 
 0.01386 
 0.01456 
 
 Average Annual GBP: USD exchange rate 
 1.23680 
 - 

Translation
gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional
currency are translated, as the case may be, at the rate on the date of the transaction and included in the results of operations
as incurred. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. If actual results
significantly differ from the Company s estimates, the Company s financial condition and results of operations could
be materially impacted. Significant estimates include the collectability of accounts receivable, estimated useful lives of
finite-lived intangible assets, accrued expenses, valuation of derivative liabilities, stock-based compensation, and the deferred
tax asset valuation allowance. 

Segment Reporting 

Although the Company has a number of operating divisions, separate
segment data has not been presented, as they meet the criteria for aggregation as permitted by ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting . 

F- 10 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
3: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Concentrations
of Credit Risk 

Credit
Risk 

Financial
instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents
and accounts receivable. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents with four financial institutions. Deposits held with
the financial institutions may exceed the amount of insurance provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation on such deposits,
but may be redeemed upon demand. The Company performs periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of the financial institutions.
With respect to accounts receivable, the Company monitors the credit quality of its customers as well as maintain an allowance
for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of customers to make required payments. 

Revenue
Risk 

Agreements
which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of revenue risk consist principally of one customer agreement. For the
years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, this one customer accounted for approximately 100 and 100 of our total revenue, respectively.
At June 30, 2020 and 2019, this one customer accounted for approximately 100 and 99 of our total accounts receivable, respectively. 

Supplier Risk 

Agreements which potentially subject the Company to concentrations
of supplier risk consist principally of one supplier agreement. For the year ended June 30, 2020, this one supplier accounted
for approximately 100 of our total cost of revenue. At June 30, 2020, this one supplier accounted for approximately 95 of our
total accounts payable. As this supplier agreement was entered into during the year ended June 30, 2020, there were no transactions
with this supplier during the year ended June 30, 2019. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

For
purposes of balance sheet presentation and reporting of cash flows, the Company considers all unrestricted demand deposits, money
market funds and highly liquid debt instruments with an original maturity of less than 90 days to be cash and cash equivalents.
There were no cash equivalents at June 30, 2020 or 2019. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high-quality
financial institutions. At times, balances in the Company s cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC limit. At June 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company s cash balances did not exceed the FDIC limit. 

Accounts
Receivable 

The
Company regularly reviews outstanding receivables and provides for estimated losses through an allowance for doubtful accounts.
In evaluating the level of established loss reserves, the Company makes judgments regarding its customers ability to make
required payments, economic events, and other factors. As the financial condition of these parties change, circumstances develop
or additional information becomes available, adjustments to the allowance for doubtful accounts may be required. The Company maintains
reserves for potential credit losses, and such losses traditionally have been within its expectations. Additionally, to date,
the Company has entered into three separate tri-party settlement and offset agreements with its largest customer and largest vendor,
whereby the Company s largest customer has agreed to direct funds due the Company for certain outstanding invoices, to the
Company s largest vendor to satisfy payment on behalf of the Company for certain outstanding invoices. To date, the aggregate
amount of the three tri-party settlement and offset agreements has totaled 22,500,000. At June 30, 2020 and 2019 ,
the Company determined there was no requirement for an allowance for doubtful accounts. 

F- 11 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
3: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Property
and Equipment 

All
expenditures on the acquisition for property and equipment are recorded at cost and capitalized as incurred, provided the asset
benefits the Company for a period of more than one year. Expenditures on routine repairs and maintenance of property and equipment
are charged directly to operating expense. The property and equipment is depreciated based upon its estimated useful life after
being placed in service. The estimated useful lives range from 3 to 7 years based upon asset class. When an asset is retired,
sold or impaired, the resulting gain or loss is reflected in earnings. The Company incurred depreciation expense of 6,020 for
the year ended June 30, 2020. The Company did not incur depreciation expense for the year ended June 30, 2019. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

In
accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 360-10, Property, Plant, and Equipment ,
the Company periodically reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. The Company recognizes an impairment loss when the sum
of expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. The amount of impairment is
measured as the difference between the asset s estimated fair value and its book value. For the years ended June 30,
2020 and 2019, the Company did not impair any long-lived assets. 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill
is recorded when the purchase price paid for an acquisition exceeds the fair value of the net identified tangible and intangible
assets acquired. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances
change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The Company tests goodwill for impairment by first comparing
the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. If the fair value is determined to be less than the carrying value,
a second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. On June 30, 2020, we performed our annual evaluation
of goodwill impairment and determined that the estimated fair value of our reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. 

Patents
and licenses are capitalized when the Company determines there will be a future benefit derived from such assets and are stated
at cost. Amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, generally five years.
As of June 30, 2020, and 2019, the book value of patents and licenses of 214,383, has been fully amortized and no amortization
expense was recorded for the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019. 

Capitalized
Software Development Costs 

The
Company follows the provisions of ASC 350-40, Internal Use Software. ASC 350-40 provides guidance for determining
whether computer software is internal-use software, and on accounting for the proceeds of computer software originally developed
or obtained for internal use and then subsequently sold to the public. It also provides guidance on capitalization of the costs
incurred for computer software developed or obtained for internal use. The Company expenses all costs incurred during the preliminary
project stage of its development, and capitalizes the costs incurred during the application development stage. Costs incurred
relating to upgrades and enhancements to the software are capitalized if it is determined that these upgrades or enhancements
add additional functionality to the software. Costs incurred to improve and support products after they become available are charged
to expense as incurred. 

Capitalized
software development costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives, currently three years. Management
evaluates the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. 

As
of June 30, 2020, the book value of purchased and developed technology software of 3,759,021, included three technology platforms,
a machine learning platform and two artificial intelligence platforms. For the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company incurred
amortization expense of 923,904. For the year ended June 30, 2019, there was no amortization of either purchased technology platform. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
Company accounts for the fair value of financial instruments in accordance with ASC topic 820, Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures (ASC 820), formerly SFAS No. 157 Fair Value Measurements . ASC 820 defines fair value 
as the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. 

F- 12 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
3: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

ASC
820 also describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level
1: Observable inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities traded in active markets. 

Level
2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or
indirectly. 

Level
3: Inputs that are generally unobservable. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management s
best estimate of fair value. 

Financial
instruments consist principally of cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, due to
related parties, and current and long-term debt. The carrying amounts of such financial instruments in the accompanying balance
sheets approximate their fair values due to their relatively short-term nature. The fair value of short and long-term debt is
based on current rates at which the Company could borrow funds with similar remaining maturities. The carrying amounts approximate
fair value with the exception of the fair value of due to related parties as the fair value cannot be determined due to a lack
of similar instruments available to the Company. It is management s opinion that the Company is not exposed to any significant
currency or credit risks arising from these financial instruments. At June 30, 2020, the Company had a Level 3 financial instrument
related to its derivative liability. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The Company recognizes
revenue in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB ), Accounting Standards Codification ASC ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). Revenues are recognized when control
is transferred to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange
for those goods. Revenue recognition is evaluated through the following five steps: (i) identification of the contract, or contracts,
with a customer; (ii) identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determination of the transaction price;
(iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognition of revenue when or
as a performance obligation is satisfied. 

Revenue
is derived from the sale of artificial intelligence and machine learning focused technology products and related services. The
Company recognizes revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Product
sales occur once control is transferred upon delivery to the customer. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the
Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products. The amount of consideration the Company receives and revenue
the Company recognizes varies with changes in customer incentives the Company offers to its customers and their customers. In
the event any discounts, sales incentives, or similar arrangements are agreed to with a customer, such amounts are estimated at
time of sale and deducted from revenue. Sales taxes and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue (see Note 8). 

Contract liabilities include amounts billed to customers in
excess of revenue recognized and are presented as contract liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets (see Note 8). 

A contract asset is recognized for incremental
costs to obtain a customer contract that are recoverable, otherwise such incremental costs are expensed as incurred. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue represents the cost of the artificial intelligence and machine learning focused technology products and related services
sold during the periods presented. 

Share-Based
Compensation 

The
Company computes share based payments in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation
 and related interpretations. As such, compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at the fair value of the share-based
payments. Such compensation amounts, if any, are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the grants. 

Restricted
stock awards are granted at the discretion of the compensation committee of the board of directors of the Company (the Board
of Directors ). These awards are restricted as to the transfer of ownership and generally vest over the requisite service
periods (vesting on a straight line basis). The fair value of a stock award is equal to the fair market value of a share
of the Company s common stock on the grant date. 

The
Company estimates the fair value of stock options and warrants by using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The Black Scholes
option valuation model requires the development of assumptions that are inputs into the model. These assumptions are the expected
stock volatility, the risk free interest rate, the expected life of the option, the dividend yield on the underlying stock
and the expected forfeiture rate. Expected volatility is calculated based on the historical volatility of the Company s
common stock over the expected term of the option. Risk free interest rates are calculated based on continuously compounded
risk free rates for the appropriate term. 

Determining
the appropriate fair value model and calculating the fair value of equity based payment awards requires the input of the
subjective assumptions described above. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of equity based payment awards
represent management s best estimates, which involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment.
The Company is required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and recognize expense only for those shares expected to vest. 

The
Company accounts for share based payments granted to non employees in accordance with ASC 505 50, Equity
Based Payments to Non Employees. The Company determines the fair value of the stock based payment as either
the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more readily determinable.
If the fair value of the equity instruments issued is used, it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions
as of the earlier of either (1) the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments
is reached, or (2) the date at which the counterparty s performance is complete. 

F- 13 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
3: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Derivative
Instruments 

The
Company enters into financing arrangements that consist of freestanding derivative instruments or are hybrid instruments that
contain embedded derivative features. The Company accounts for these arrangements in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Accounting
for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities as well as related interpretations of this standard. In accordance with
this standard, derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet and are measured at
fair values with gains or losses recognized in earnings. Embedded derivatives that are not clearly and closely related to the
host contract are bifurcated and are recognized at fair value with changes in fair value recognized as either a gain or loss in
earnings. The Company determines the fair value of derivative instruments and hybrid instruments based on available market data
using appropriate valuation models, considering all of the rights and obligations of each instrument. 

The
Company estimates fair values of derivative financial instruments using various techniques (and combinations thereof) that are
considered consistent with the objective measuring fair values. In selecting the appropriate technique, the Company considers,
among other factors, the nature of the instrument, the market risks that it embodies and the expected means of settlement. Estimating
fair values of derivative financial instruments requires the development of significant and subjective estimates that may, and
are likely to, change over the duration of the instrument with related changes in internal and external market factors. In addition,
option-based techniques (such as Black-Scholes model) are highly volatile and sensitive to changes in the trading market price
of the Company s common stock. Since derivative financial instruments are initially and subsequently carried at fair values,
our income (expense) going forward will reflect the volatility in these estimates and assumption changes. 

Convertible
Debt Instruments 

The
Company records debt net of debt discount for beneficial conversion features and warrants, on a relative fair value basis. Beneficial
conversion features are recorded pursuant to the Beneficial Conversion and Debt Topics of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC. The amounts allocated to warrants and beneficial conversion rights are recorded as debt discount and
as additional paid-in-capital. Debt discount is amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt using the effective
interest method. 

F- 14 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
3: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - (continued) 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with Accounting for Income Taxes, as clarified by ASC 740-10, Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes ASC 740 ). Under this method, deferred income taxes are determined based on the
estimated future tax effects of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and net operating
loss and tax credit carryforwards given the provisions of enacted tax laws. Deferred income tax provisions and benefits are based
on changes to the assets or liabilities from year to year. In providing for deferred taxes, the Company considers tax regulations
of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates, estimates of future taxable income, and available tax planning strategies.
If tax regulations, operating results or the ability to implement tax planning strategies vary, adjustments to the carrying value
of deferred tax assets and liabilities may be required. Valuation allowances are recorded related to deferred tax assets based
on the more likely than not criteria of ASC 740. At June 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company had a full valuation allowance
against its deferred tax assets. 

ASC
740 requires that the Company recognize the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant
tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not 
threshold, the amount recognized in the consolidated financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent
likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. The Company s tax returns for its
June 30, 2020, 2019, 2018, and 2017 tax years may be selected for examination by the taxing authorities as the statute of limitations
remains open. 

The
Company recognizes expenses for tax penalties and interest assessed by the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities
upon receiving valid notice of assessments. The Company has received no such notices for the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019. 

Earnings
Per Share 

In
accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings per Share, basic earnings per share EPS is computed
by dividing earnings available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the period. Other potentially dilutive common shares, and the related impact to earnings, are considered when calculating EPS
on a diluted basis. 

F- 15 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
3: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

In
computing diluted EPS, only potential common shares that are dilutive, those that reduce EPS or increase loss per share, are included.
The effect of contingently issuable shares are not included if the result would be anti-dilutive, such as when a net loss is reported.
Therefore, basic and diluted EPS are computed using the same number of weighted average shares for the years ended June 30, 2020
and 2019, as we incurred a net loss for such periods. At June 30, 2020, there were outstanding warrants to purchase up to 37,390,452
shares of the Company s common stock, notes payable with convertible features that if converted, would total 2,529,007
shares of the Company s common stock, 2,666,666 shares of the Company s common stock to be issued in conjunction
with the CloseComms acquisition, and 115,817 restricted shares of the Company s common stock to be issued upon vesting pursuant
to the terms of an employment agreement with its Chief Financial Officer. At June 30, 2019, there were outstanding warrants
to purchase up to 4,985,394 shares of the Company s common stock, and notes payable held by a third party and former officer
with convertible features that if converted, would total 232,750 shares of the Company s common stock, which may dilute
future EPS. 

Modification/Extinguishment of Debt 

In accordance with ASC 470, a modification
or an exchange of debt instruments that adds or eliminates a conversion option that was substantive at the date of the modification
or exchange is considered a substantive change and is measured and accounted for as extinguishment of the original instrument
along with the recognition of a gain or loss. Additionally, under ASC 470, a substantive modification of a debt instrument is
deemed to have been accomplished with debt instruments that are substantially different if the present value of the cash flows
under the terms of the new debt instrument is at least 10 percent different from the present value of the remaining cash flows
under the terms of the original instrument. A substantive modification is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original instrument
along with the recognition of a gain or loss. 

Recently
Adopted Accounting Standards 

Effective
July 1, 2019, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-02, Leases ASU 2016-02 ).
The standard amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting, including requiring lessees to recognize most leases
on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. The new leases standard requires a modified retrospective
transition approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an option to use
certain transition relief. In September 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-13, Revenue Recognition (Topic 605), Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Leases (Topic 840), and Leases (Topic 842, which amends certain aspects
of the new lease standard. The Company determined that all of its leases were short-term in nature resulting
in the adoption of ASU 2016-02 not having an impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

Effective
July 1, 2019, the Company adopted ASU 2017-11, Update to Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity (Topic 480); Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments
with Down Round Features , (Part II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments
of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests with a Scope Exception . The ASU
makes limited changes to the guidance on classifying certain financial instruments as either liabilities or equity. The ASU is
intended to improve (1) the accounting for instruments with down-round provisions and (2) the readability of the
guidance in ASC 480 on distinguishing liabilities from equity by replacing the indefinite deferral of certain pending content
with scope exceptions. The Company determined the adoption of ASU 2017-11 did not have an impact on its consolidated
financial statements. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted 

During
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, to modify and simplify the application of U.S. GAAP for certain financial instruments
with characteristics of liabilities and equity. The standard is effective for the Company as of July 1, 2024, with early adoption
permitted. The Company is reviewing the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

During
August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework Changes to the
Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement, to modify the disclosure requirements on fair value measurements in Topic
820, Fair Value Measurement, based on the concepts in the Concept Statement, including the consideration of costs and benefits.
The standard is effective for the Company as of July 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption
of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material
impact on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

F- 16 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
4: PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

At
June 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company s property and equipment consist of the following: 

June 30, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Computer equipment 
 135,360 
 110,331 
 
 Research and development equipment 
 48,383 
 48,383 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 52,025 
 51,835 
 
 Property and equipment, at cost 
 235,768 
 210,549 
 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 (203,099 
 (199,501 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 32,669 
 11,048 

The
Company recorded 6,020 of depreciation expense for the year ended June 30, 2020. The Company did not record any depreciation
expense for the year ended June 30, 2019. There was no property and equipment impairments recorded for the years ended June 30,
2020 and 2019. 

NOTE
5: BUSINESS ACQUISITION 

On June 30, 2019, the Company acquired 99 
of the outstanding common shares of Alpha Predictions LLP Alpha Predictions ). Alpha Predictions is an India-based
technology company that has developed a suite of commercial data analysis products for use across multiple industries. This
acquisition has been integrated into our international operations and as expected, has driven revenue growth and innovation. 

The
goodwill of 6,020 arising from the acquisition consists largely of the synergies expected from combining the operations of the
Company and Alpha Predictions. 

The
following table summarizes the consideration paid for Alpha Predictions and the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed recognized at the acquisition date. 

Consideration 

Cash 
 1,438 
 
 Fair value of total consideration transferred 
 1,438 

Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Cash 
 3,127 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 26,155 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 7,488 
 
 Property and equipment 
 11,048 
 
 Intangible asset purchased software 
 2,905,668 
 
 Accounts payable 
 (26,067 
 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 (2,924,288 
 
 Income tax provision, current 
 (7,713 
 
 Total identifiable net assets 
 (4,582 
 
 Goodwill 
 6,020 

The
acquired intangible asset developed software was recognized at fair value as of the acquisition date and subject to a
useful life of 3 years. 

The
fair value of the one-percent noncontrolling interest in Alpha Predictions was determined to be immaterial, based on extrapolation
of the price paid by the Company for its controlling interest and consideration of any potential control premiums. 

Acquisition-related
costs expensed by the Company were immaterial for the year ended June 30, 2019. There were no acquisition-related costs incurred
by the Company for the year ended June 30, 2020. 

F- 17 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
5: BUSINESS ACQUISITION (continued) 

The
revenue and net loss of the combined entity had the acquisition date been July 1, 2018, are as follows for the year ended June
30, 2019: 

Supplemental pro forma: 

Revenue 
 4,554,594 
 
 Net loss 
 (2,959,165 

Supplemental
pro forma amounts were calculated after applying adjustments to reflect amortization of acquired intangible asset purchased
software that would have been charged had the acquisition date been July 1, 2017. For the year ended June 30, 2020, supplemental
pro forma amounts are not presented as the actual consolidated financial results of the Company include the financial results
of Alpha Predictions for such period. 

NOTE
6: OTHER ACQUISITIONS 

On
May 11, 2020, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement to acquire all assets owned, used or held in connection with
the business, other than excluded assets and assumed certain liabilities of CloseComms Limited CloseComms ), in
exchange for 2,666,666 shares of the Company s restricted common stock valued at 955,466. The most substantial acquired
asset was a patented, software application platform that can be integrated into a retail customer s existing Wi-Fi infrastructure,
giving the retailer important customer data and enabling AI-enhanced, targeted promotions to drive store traffic and sales. Other
acquired assets included cash and computer and office equipment, while assumed liabilities included certain compensation related
liabilities attributed to engaging the operational team on a consulting basis for a minimum of one (1) year. At June 30, 2020,
the CloseComms technology platform has not been placed in service, but is expected to be during fiscal year 2021. 

Pursuant
to ASU 2017-01 and ASC 805, the Company analyzed the operations of CloseComms and the related agreements to determine if the Company
acquired a business or acquired assets. The gross assets include the intellectual property (the patented, software application
platform - determined to be a single intangible asset), cash, and computer and office equipment. The Company concluded that substantially
all of the fair values of the gross assets acquired is not concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable
assets. 

The
Company considered the criteria in 805-10-55 to determine whether the set includes both inputs and a substantive process that
together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The Company determined the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed is not a business because: 1) the Company did not acquire a workforce that is critical to generating outputs as the CloseComms
workforce was not acquired, and 2) there were no acquired critical processes, including any critical processes to generate revenue.
Accordingly, the transaction was not considered a business. 

The
relative fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, were based on management s estimates of the fair values
on May 11, 2020. The following table summarizes the consideration paid and based upon the purchase price allocation, the estimated
relative fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date: 

Consideration 

2,666,666 shares of mPhase Technologies, Inc. common stock
 to be issued valued at 0.3583 per share 
 955,466 
 
 Fair value of total consideration transferred 
 955,466 

Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Cash 
 70,000 
 
 Property and equipment 
 35,956 
 
 Intangible asset purchased software 
 954,918 
 
 Accounts payable 
 (2,667 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 (102,7413 
 
 Total acquired net assets 
 955,466 

On
February 15, 2019, the Company acquired the Travel Buddhi developed software for 115,281, which included all rights, software,
and code of the technology platform. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019, 55,000 of the Travel Buddhi purchase price was
paid and 60,281 remained outstanding at June 30, 2020. At June 30, 2020, the Travel Buddhi technology platform has not
been placed in service, but is expected to be during fiscal year 2021. 

For each of these acquisitions, all assets have been recorded
at fair value for both book and tax purposes, and therefore no deferred taxes have been recorded in regard to either acquisition. 

NOTE
7: INTANGIBLE ASSET PURCHASED SOFTWARE, NET 

Intangible
asset Purchased Software, net, is comprised of the following at: 

June 30, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Purchased software 
 3,759,021 
 3,025,801 
 
 Less: accumulated amortization 
 (923,904 
 - 
 
 Purchased software, net 
 2,835,117 
 3,025,801 

Intangible
asset Purchased Software consists of the following three developed software technologies: 

Alpha Predictions purchased software 
 1,772,312 
 
 Travel Buddhi purchased software 
 113,099 
 
 CloseComms purchased software 
 949,706 
 
 Total purchased software 
 2,835,117 

The
Alpha Predictions developed software was acquired as further described in Note 5. The Travel Buddhi and CloseComms developed software
were acquired as further described in Note 6. At June 30, 2020, the Travel Buddhi and CloseComms technology platforms have not
been placed in service, but are expected to be during fiscal year 2021. 

Developed
software costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over three years. Amortization of developed software costs is included in
depreciation and amortization within the consolidated statements of operations. 

The
Company recorded 923,904 of amortization expense for the year ended June 30, 2020. The Company did not record any amortization
expense for the year ended June 30, 2019. 

Future
amortization expense related to the existing net carrying amount of developed software at June 30, 2020 is expected to be as follows: 

Fiscal year 2021 
 1,063,290 
 
 Fiscal year 2022 
 1,240,425 
 
 Fiscal year 2023 
 354,268 
 
 Fiscal year 2024 
 177,134 

2,835,117 

F- 18 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
8: REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS 

The
following table presents our revenue disaggregated by category and primary geographic regions within our single reporting
segment: 

For the Year Ended 

June 30, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Categories: 

Subscription 
 24,720,000 
 - 
 
 Service and support 
 3,515,438 
 - 
 
 Application development and implementation 
 2,040,984 
 - 
 
 Technology platform (one-time instance sale) 
 - 
 2,500,000 
 
 Total revenue 
 30,276,422 
 2,500,000 

Primary Geographic Regions: 

India 
 100 
 100 

100 
 100 

The following table presents our long-lived
assets by primary geographic regions within our single reporting segment: 

For the Year Ended 

June 30, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 India 
 1,901,040 
 3,045,927 
 
 United Kingdom 
 982,052 
 - 
 
 Total long-lived assets 
 2,883,092 
 3,045,927 

For
the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company was subject to revenue concentration risk as one customer accounted for approximately
100 and 100 of our total revenue, respectively. 

Subscription
and Application Development and Implementation Revenue 

The
Company recognizes revenue when, or as, it satisfies a performance obligation to a customer. The Company primarily has one performance
obligation, which includes the combined promise to develop, implement, and license customized software. Payment terms for the
software include one-time application development and implementation fees, which are generally billed on a time-and-materials
basis over the development and implementation period, plus fixed license subscription fees, which may either be billed in full
upfront or in monthly installments over the license period, which is generally three years. All of these fees are allocated to
the single performance obligation of providing software to the customer. 

The
performance obligation is fully satisfied at the point in time when the customer has taken control of the completed software,
which is when physical possession of the software has transferred to the customer, the customer is able to use and benefit from
the software, and the contractual license period has begun. Since the Company has no further obligation to the customer once control
of the software has transferred, the Company recognizes revenue in full for all of the development and implementation fees at
that point in time. Subscription fees are also recognized when control of the software has transferred to the customer but only
to the extent such fees are contractually guaranteed to the Company. Any future monthly subscription fees that the Company would
not have a contractually guaranteed right to collect in the event of early termination of the contract are instead recognized
as revenue on a straight-line basis over the license period. 

Service
and Support Revenue 

Certain
contracts also contain a second performance obligation for service and support. This performance obligation includes the promise
to provide future updates, upgrades, and enhancements to the software over the license period, if and when they occur. Service
and support fees are fixed as a percentage of total contract value and billed in monthly installments over the license period.
The Company recognizes service and support fee revenue over time, on a straight-line basis over the license period, as the customer
receives such services on a generally uniform basis throughout the license period. 

Allocation
of the Transaction Price 

Prices
allocated to each performance obligation generally correspond with the contractually stated prices, since they equal standalone
selling price. In some cases, services may be discounted, which requires the company to allocate the transaction price based on
relative standalone selling price. The Company estimates standalone selling price based on comparable industry practices and the
costs and margins involved in providing services to its customers. 

Contract
Liabilities 

Contract
liabilities include amounts billed to the customer in excess of revenue recognized and are presented as contract liabilities on
the consolidated balance sheets. At June 30, 2020 contract liabilities totaled 219,652. At June 30, 2019 there were no contract
liabilities. 

The
following table presents a reconciliation of the contract liabilities from June 30, 2019 to June 30, 2020: 

June 30, 2019 
 
 - 
 
 Contract liability deferral 
 254,732 
 
 Amortization of contract liability to revenue 
 (35,080 
 
 June 30, 2020 
 219,652 

Practical
Expedient 

The
Company has elected a practical expedient to omit certain disclosures about the transaction price allocated to remaining performance
obligations for contracts with terms of one year or less. 

F- 19 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
9: ACCRUED EXPENSES 

Accrued
expenses is comprised of the following at: 

June 30, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Accrued interest 
 118,161 
 104,179 
 
 Accrued wages 
 485,647 
 208,353 
 
 Other expenses 
 520,034 
 150,601 
 
 Accrued payment for acquired technology intangible asset 
 - 
 2,905,668 
 
 Total accrued expenses 
 1,123,842 
 3,368,801 

NOTE
10: NOTES PAYABLE 

Notes
payable is comprised of the following: 

June 30, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Note payable, SBA Paycheck Protection Program [1] 
 33,388 
 - 
 
 Note payable, SBA Economic Injury Disaster Loan [2] 
 154,540 
 - 
 
 Note payable, John Fife (dba St. George Investors)/Judgment Settlement Agreement [3] 
 771,702 
 855,660 
 
 Total notes payable 
 959,630 
 855,660 
 
 Less: current portion of notes payable 
 (792,171 
 (855,660 
 
 Long-term portion of notes payable 
 167,459 
 - 

[1]
 effective April 28, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note with an approved lender in the principal amount of 33,333.
The note was approved under the provisions of the Coronavirus, Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and the terms of the Paycheck Protection Program of the U.S. Small Business Administration s 7(a) Loan Program. The note
accrues interest for the first six months following the issuance date at a rate of 1 per annum, (increasing to 6 per annum upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the note)), and beginning November 28, 2020, requires 18 monthly payments
of 1,876 each, consisting of principal and interest until paid in full on April 28, 2022. The note may be prepaid by the Company
at any time prior to the maturity date with no prepayment penalties. Additionally, any portion of the note up to the entire principal
and accrued interest balance may be forgiven in the event the Company satisfies certain requirements as determined by the CARES
Act. The Company expects to satisfy the requirements for forgiveness of the entire principal and accrued interest balance and
will apply for such forgiveness by the deadline. At June 30, 2020, 15,007 was recorded as a current liability within notes payable
and 18,381 was recorded as a long-term liability within notes payable, net of current portion with the consolidated balance sheets. 

[2]
 effective May 28, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note and security agreement with the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA in the principal amount of 150,000. The note was approved under the provisions of the Coronavirus, Aid, Relief
and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and the terms of the COVID-19 Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL program of the U.S. Small Business Administration s EIDL Program. The note accrues interest at a rate of 3.75 per annum,
and beginning May 28, 2021, requires monthly payments of 731 each, consisting of principal and interest until paid in full on
May 28, 2050. The note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to the maturity date with no prepayment penalties. Additionally,
this promissory note is collateralized by certain of the Company s property as specified within the security agreement.
Furthermore, on June 4, 2020, the Company received 4,000 from the SBA, which it is currently working to obtain details from
the SBA regarding this amount. As such, at June 30, 2020, the Company recorded this amount as a current liability. At June
30, 2020, 5,462 was recorded as a current liability within notes payable and 149,078 was recorded as a long-term liability within
notes payable, net of current portion with the consolidated balance sheets. 

[3]
 effective December 10, 2018, the Company entered into a Judgment Settlement Agreement to satisfy in full the
Forbearance Agreement with Fife that was previously in effect. As a result, under the Judgment Settlement Agreement, no shares
of the Company s common stock are issuable or eligible to be converted into. Under the terms of the Judgment Settlement
Agreement, the Company was required to pay 15,000 per month from January 15, 2019 through and including February 15, 2020, with
a final payment of 195,000 which was due and payable in March of 2020. The Company made all required payments with the exception
of the final payment of 195,000 which was due and payable in March of 2020. On August 17, 2020, the Company entered into a second
amendment (the Second Amendment to the Judgement Settlement Agreement, whereby the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of 300,000 (the Note to repay the amounts still outstanding under the
Judgment Settlement Agreement. The Note matures on August 17, 2021, bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum, requires certain
monthly minimum cash payments as specified in the Note, and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par
value 0.01 per share, at a conversion price as specified in the Note. The Note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior
to maturity without penalty. Failure to make any of the payments, when due, will result in an additional debt obligation, inclusive
of principal and interest at the date of default to be immediately due and payable by the Company. The ultimate final payment
amount is expected to be less than the liability balance of 771,702 presented as liabilities in arrears judgement settlement
agreement on the consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 20 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
11: Convertible Debt Arrangements 

JMJ
Financial 

At
June 30, 2020 and 2019, the amount recorded in current liabilities for the one convertible note and accrued interest thereon due
to JMJ Financial was 209,330 and 193,287, respectively. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 the Company recorded
 16,043 and 14,766, respectively of interest for the outstanding convertible note. 

At
June 30, 2020 and 2019, the aggregate remaining amount of convertible securities held by JMJ could be converted into 10,466 and
9,664 shares, respectively, with a conversion price of 20. 

MH
Investment Trust II 

On
April 10, 2019 the Company repaid 3,000 that was accepted as payment, in full, for the convertible promissory note to M.H. Investment
Trust II. At the time of the payment, the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest was 3,333 and 3,737, respectively.
As a result of the settlement payment, the Company recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt of 4,070. 

Accredited
Investors 

On
June 19, 2019, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender and
issued an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 78,000 to the Lender with a maturity date of June 19, 2020.
The Company received net proceeds in the amount of 45,800, with 25,000 refinancing a prior convertible promissory note due to
the Lender that had been in default, 3,000 being paid to reimburse the Lender for legal and due diligence fees incurred with
respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible promissory note and 4,200 being paid to the Company s Transfer
Agent to satisfy an outstanding balance. This convertible debenture converts at 62 of the lowest trading price during the 20
days prior to conversion. Due to the variable conversion provisions contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company
accounted for this conversion feature as a derivative liability. In connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability
of 103,161, deferred financing costs of 3,000 and debt discount of 75,000. The deferred financing costs and debt discount were
being amortized over the term of the note. During December 2019, the Company paid-off the aggregate balance of the convertible
promissory note, including accrued interest and prepayment amount. 

On
July 30, 2019, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender and
issued an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 53,000 to the Lender with a maturity date of July 30, 2020.
The Company received net proceeds in the amount of 50,000 as a result of 3,000 being paid to reimburse the Lender for legal
and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible promissory note. This convertible
debenture converts at 62 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the variable conversion provisions
contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature as a derivative liability. In
connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 116,014, deferred financing costs of 3,000 and debt discount
of 50,000. The deferred financing costs and debt discount were being amortized over the term of the note. During January 2020,
the Company paid-off the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, including accrued interest and prepayment amount. 

On
August 23, 2019, the Company issued a 6 convertible promissory note to an accredited investor in the principal amount of 5,000
with a maturity date of August 23, 2020. This convertible debenture converts at a price of 0.25 per share. At June 30, 2020,
the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note and accrued interest was 5,000 and 270, respectively. 

On
September 5, 2019, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender and issued an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 53,000 to the Lender with a maturity date of September
5, 2020. On September 9, 2019, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 46,800 as a result of 3,000 being paid to
reimburse the Lender for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible
promissory note and 3,200 being paid to the Company s Transfer Agent to satisfy an outstanding balance. This convertible
debenture converts at 62 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the variable conversion provisions
contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature as a derivative liability. In
connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 104,860, deferred financing costs of 3,000 and debt discount
of 50,000. The deferred financing costs and debt discount were being amortized over the term of the note. During February 2020,
the Company paid-off the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, including accrued interest and prepayment amount. 

F- 21 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
11: Convertible Debt Arrangements continued) 

On
September 24, 2019, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with accredited investors Lenders and issued 8 convertible promissory notes in the principal amount of 124,200 (including an aggregate of 9,200 in original issue
discounts) to the Lenders with maturity dates of September 24, 2020. On September 27, 2019, the Company received net proceeds
in the amount of 112,000 as a result of 3,000 being paid to reimburse the Lender for legal and due diligence fees incurred with
respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible promissory notes. This convertible debenture converts at 62 of
the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the variable conversion provisions contained in the convertible
promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature as a derivative liability. In connection herewith, the Company
recorded a derivative liability of 208,335, original issue discount of 9,200, deferred financing costs of 3,000 and debt discount
of 112,000. The original issue discount, deferred financing costs and debt discount were being amortized over the term of the
note. On various dates through June 30, 2020, an aggregate of 124,200 of the outstanding principal and 5,228 of accrued interest
was converted into an aggregate of 883,593 shares of the Company s common stock, fully satisfying this obligation. The Company
recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of 53,123 as a result of the Company issuing shares of its common stock to satisfy
this obligation. 

On
December 2, 2019, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender and issued an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 200,000 (including a 7,500 original issue discount)
to the Lender with a maturity date of December 2, 2020. On December 2, 2019, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of
 182,500 as a result of 10,000 being paid to reimburse the Lender for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this
securities purchase agreement and convertible promissory note. This convertible debenture converts at the greater of (i) 0.50
per share or (ii) 60 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the variable conversion provisions
contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature as a derivative liability. In
connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 588,000, original issue discount of 7,500, deferred financing
costs of 10,000 and debt discount of 182,500. The original issue discount, deferred financing costs and debt discount are being
amortized over the term of the note. On April 21, 2020, the Company entered into Amendment #1 to this convertible note amending
the conversion price. As a result of this amendment, the fair value of the conversion feature increased by 211,803. On various
dates through June 30, 2020, an aggregate of 175,000 of the outstanding principal and 7,499 of accrued interest was converted
into an aggregate of 2,717,417 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt
of 148,306 as a result of the Company issuing shares of its common stock to satisfy the converted portion of this obligation.
At June 30, 2020, the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note and accrued interest was 25,000 and 1,138, respectively.
At June 30, 2020, the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, net of original issue discount, deferred financing
costs, and debt discount was 14,452. 

On
December 2, 2019, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender and issued an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 78,000 to the Lender with a maturity date of December
2, 2020. On December 4, 2019, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 75,000 as a result of 3,000 being paid to reimburse
the Lender for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible promissory
note. This convertible debenture converts at 62 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the
variable conversion provisions contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature
as a derivative liability. In connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 256,855, deferred financing
costs of 3,000 and debt discount of 75,000. The deferred financing costs and debt discount were being amortized over the term
of the note. During June 2020, the Company paid-off the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, including accrued
interest and prepayment amount. 

F- 22 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
11: Convertible Debt Arrangements continued) 

On
December 2, 2019, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender and issued an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 135,000 (including a 6,750 original issue discount)
to the Lender with a maturity date of December 2, 2020. On December 3, 2019, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of
 122,000 as a result of 6,250 being paid to reimburse the Lender for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this
securities purchase agreement and convertible promissory note. This convertible debenture converts at the greater of (i) 0.50
per share or (ii) 60 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the variable conversion provisions
contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature as a derivative liability. In
connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 396,900, original issue discount of 6,750, deferred financing
costs of 6,250 and debt discount of 122,000. The original issue discount, deferred financing costs and debt discount are being
amortized over the term of the note. On April 21, 2020, the Company entered into Amendment #1 to this convertible note amending
the conversion price. As a result of this amendment, the fair value of the conversion feature increased by 142,967. On various
dates through June 30, 2020, an aggregate of 85,000 of the outstanding principal and 3,736 of accrued interest was converted
into an aggregate of 982,375 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt
of 7,235 as a result of the Company issuing shares of its common stock to satisfy the converted portion of this obligation.
At June 30, 2020, the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note and accrued interest was 50,000 and 2,331, respectively.
At June 30, 2020, the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, net of original issue discount, deferred financing
costs, and debt discount was 28,904. 

On
December 17, 2019, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender and issued an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 81,000 (including a 6,000 original issue discount) to
the Lender with a maturity date of December 17, 2020. On December 17, 2019, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of
 73,500 as a result of 1,500 being paid to reimburse the Lender for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this
securities purchase agreement and convertible promissory note. This convertible debenture converts at 62 of the lowest trading
price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the variable conversion provisions contained in the convertible promissory
note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature as a derivative liability. In connection herewith, the Company recorded
a derivative liability of 204,986, original issue discount of 6,000, deferred financing costs of 1,500 and debt discount of
 73,500. The original issue discount, deferred financing costs and debt discount are being amortized over the term of the note.
On various dates through June 30, 2020, an aggregate of 71,000 of the outstanding principal was converted into an aggregate of
1,288,977 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt of 10,072 as a result
of the Company issuing shares of its common stock to satisfy the converted portion of this obligation. At June 30, 2020, the aggregate
balance of the convertible promissory note and accrued interest was 10,000 and 3,415, respectively. At June 30, 2020, the aggregate
balance of the convertible promissory note, net of original issue discount, deferred financing costs, and debt discount was 5,370. 

On
January 9, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender and
issued an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 110,000 (including a 5,000 original issue discount) to the
Lender with a maturity date of January 9, 2021. On January 13, 2020, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 100,000
as a result of 5,000 being paid to reimburse the Lender for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities
purchase agreement and convertible promissory note. This convertible debenture converts at a price of 0.50 per share, however,
in the event the closing bid price of the Company s common stock is less than 0.70 per share on any day while this convertible
promissory note is outstanding, this convertible debenture will convert at 60 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days
prior to conversion. Due to the variable conversion provisions contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted
for this conversion feature as a derivative liability. In connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of
 217,338, original issue discount of 5,000, deferred financing costs of 5,000 and debt discount of 100,000. The original issue
discount, deferred financing costs and debt discount are being amortized over the term of the note. At June 30, 2020, the aggregate
balance of the convertible promissory note and accrued interest was 110,000 and 4,195, respectively. At June 30, 2020, the aggregate
balance of the convertible promissory note, net of original issue discount, deferred financing costs and debt discount was 52,137. 

F- 23 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
11: Convertible Debt Arrangements continued) 

On
January 21, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender and issued an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 68,000 to the Lender with a maturity date of January
21, 2021. On January 23, 2020, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 65,000 as a result of 3,000 being paid to
reimburse the Lender for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible
promissory note. This convertible debenture converts at 62 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion.
Due to the variable conversion provisions contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion
feature as a derivative liability. In connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 127,475, deferred financing
costs of 3,000 and debt discount of 65,000. The deferred financing costs and debt discount are being amortized over the term
of the note. At June 30, 2020, the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note and accrued interest was 68,000 and 2,414,
respectively. At June 30, 2020, the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, net of deferred financing costs and
debt discount was 30,181. 

On
February 24, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender and issued an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 53,000 to the Lender with a maturity date of February
24, 2021. On February 26, 2020, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 50,000 as a result of 3,000 being paid to
reimburse the Lender for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible
promissory note. This convertible debenture converts at 62 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion.
Due to the variable conversion provisions contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion
feature as a derivative liability. In connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 85,377, deferred financing
costs of 3,000 and debt discount of 50,000. The deferred financing costs and debt discount are being amortized over the term
of the note. At June 30, 2020, the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note and accrued interest was 53,000 and 1,487,
respectively. At June 30, 2020, the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, net of deferred financing costs and
debt discount was 18,586. 

On
March 3, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender and
issued an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 63,000 to the Lender with a maturity date of March 3, 2021.
On March 5, 2020, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 60,000 as a result of 3,000 being paid to reimburse the
Lender for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible promissory
note. This convertible debenture converts at 62 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the
variable conversion provisions contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature
as a derivative liability. In connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 95,397, deferred financing
costs of 3,000 and debt discount of 60,000. The deferred financing costs and debt discount are being amortized over the term
of the note. At June 30, 2020, the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note and accrued interest was 63,000 and 1,657,
respectively. At June 30, 2020, the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, net of deferred financing costs and
debt discount was 20,712. 

On
June 2, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender and
issued an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 78,000 to the Lender with a maturity date of June 2, 2021.
On June 3, 2020, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 75,000 as a result of 3,000 being paid to reimburse the
Lender for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible promissory
note. This convertible debenture converts at 62 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the
variable conversion provisions contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature
as a derivative liability. In connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 141,925, deferred financing
costs of 3,000 and debt discount of 75,000. The deferred financing costs and debt discount are being amortized over the term
of the note. At June 30, 2020, the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note and accrued interest was 78,000 and 496,
respectively. At June 30, 2020, the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, net of deferred financing costs and
debt discount was 6,197. 

F- 24 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
11: Convertible Debt Arrangements continued) 

On
June 12, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender and
issued an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 103,000 to the Lender with a maturity date of June 12, 2021.
On June 16, 2020, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 100,000 as a result of 3,000 being paid to reimburse the
Lender for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible promissory
note. This convertible debenture converts at 62 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the
variable conversion provisions contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature
as a derivative liability. In connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 182,451, deferred financing
costs of 3,000 and debt discount of 100,000. The deferred financing costs and debt discount are being amortized over the term
of the note. At June 30, 2020, the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note and accrued interest was 103,000 and
 429, respectively. At June 30, 2020, the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, net of deferred financing costs
and debt discount was 8,101. 

At
June 30, 2020 and June 30, 2019, there was 565,000 and 78,000 of convertible notes payable outstanding, net of discounts of
 375,359 and 75,649, respectively. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, amortization of original issue discount, deferred financing costs, and debt discounts amounted
to 899,491 and 2,350, respectively. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, 477,763 of convertible notes, including fees and interest, were converted into 5,872,362 shares
of the Company s common stock. During the year ended June 30, 2019, there were no conversions of convertible notes into
shares of the Company s common stock. 

At
June 30, 2020, the Company was in compliance with the terms of the Accredited Investors convertible promissory notes. 

Notes
payable under convertible debt and debenture agreements, net is comprised of the following: 

June
 30, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 JMJ
 Financial 
 109,000 
 109,000 
 
 Accredited
 Investors 
 565,000 
 78,000 
 
 Unamortized
 OID, deferred financings costs, and debt discounts 
 (375,359 
 (75,649 
 
 Total
 convertible debt arrangements, net 
 298,641 
 111,351 

At
June 30, 2020 and 2019, the outstanding balances are reflected as current liabilities within our consolidated balance sheets.
 At June 30, 2020 and 2019, accrued interest on these convertible
notes of 116,619 and 84,475, respectively, is included within accrued expenses of the consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 25 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
12: DERIVATIVE LIABILITY 

The
Company evaluates its convertible instruments, options, warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded
components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for under ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and
Hedging. The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the derivative is marked-to-market each balance
sheet date and recorded as a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair value
is recorded in the statement of operation as other income (expense). Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative instrument, the
instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date then that fair value is reclassified to equity. Equity instruments that
are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification under ASC Topic 815 are reclassified to liabilities
at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. 

The
following table presents a reconciliation of the derivative liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant
unobservable inputs (Level 3) from June 30, 2018 to June 30, 2020: 

Conversion 
 feature derivative 
 liability 
 
 June 30, 2018 
 - 
 
 Initial fair value of derivative liability recorded as debt discount 
 75,000 
 
 Initial fair value of derivative liability recorded as deferred financing costs 
 3,000 
 
 Initial fair value of derivative liability charged to other expense 
 25,161 
 
 Loss on change in fair value included in earnings 
 30,508 
 
 June 30, 2019 
 133,669 
 
 Initial fair value of derivative liability recorded as debt discount 
 1,115,000 
 
 Initial fair value of derivative liability charged to other expense 
 1,610,913 
 
 Gain on change in fair value included in earnings 
 (1,961,951 
 
 June 30, 2020 
 897,631 

Total
derivative liability at June 30, 2020 and 2019 amounted to 897,631 and 133,669, respectively. The change in fair value included
in earnings of 1,961,951 is due in part to the quoted market price of the Company s common stock decreasing from 0.85
at June 30, 2019 to 0.08 at June 30, 2020, coupled with substantially reduced conversion prices due to the effect of ratchet 
provisions incorporated within the convertible notes payable. 

The
Company used the following range of assumptions for determining the fair value of the convertible instruments granted under the
binomial pricing model with binomial simulations at June 30, 2020: 

Expected
 volatility 
 
 195.3 
 - 250.8 

Expected
 term 
 
 5.1
 11.4 months 

Risk-free
 interest rate 
 
 0.16 
 - 0.18 

Stock
 price 
 
 0.08 

The
Company recognizes its derivative liabilities as Level 3 and values its derivatives using the methods discussed below. While the
Company believes that its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, it recognizes that
the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in
a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. The primary assumptions that would significantly affect the fair values
using the methods discussed are that of volatility and market price of the underlying common stock of the Company. 

At
June 30, 2020, the Company did not have any derivative instruments that were designated as hedges. 

Items
recorded or measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the accompanying consolidated financial statements consisted of the
following items as of June 30, 2020 and 2019: 

Quoted Prices in Active
 Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
 Significant
 Other Observable Inputs 
 (Level
 2) 
 Significant
 Unobservable Inputs 
 (Level
 3) 
 
 Derivative liability, June 30, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 897,631 

Quoted
 Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets 
 (Level
 1) 
 Significant
 Other Observable Inputs 
 (Level
 2) 
 Significant Unobservable 
 Inputs 
 (Level 3) 
 
 Derivative liability, June 30, 2019 
 - 
 - 
 133,669 

NOTE
13: STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

At
June 30, 2020, the total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Company shall have the authority to issue is 100,001,000
shares consisting of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, of which 19,318,679 shares are issued,
19,174,492 shares are outstanding and 2,666,666 shares are to be issued at June 30, 2020, and 1,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value 0.01 per share of which 1,000 shares have been designated as Series A Super Voting Preferred of which 1,000
are issued and outstanding at June 30, 2020. 

F- 26 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
13: STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 

On
January 4, 2019 the State of New Jersey accepted an Amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation providing for
the increase in authorized shares of common stock to 125,000,000,000 shares and the change to no par value. 

On
March 21, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved 1) an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation to i) decrease the number of authorized shares of
common stock of the Company to 25,000,000 shares from 125,000,000,000 shares and ii) increase the par value to 0.01 per share,
and 2) granting discretionary authority to the Company s Board of Directors to amend the Certificate of Incorporation to
effect one or more consolidations of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, pursuant to which the shares
of common stock would be combined and reclassified into one share of common stock at a ratio of 1-for-5,000 (the Reverse
Stock Split ). On May 17, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation to decrease
its authorized common stock from 125,000,000,000 shares to 25,000,000 shares. Effective May 22, 2019 the Company completed a 1-for-5,000
reverse split of its common stock. 

On
August 27, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common
stock of the Company to 100,000,000 shares from 25,000,000 shares. On September 4, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment
to its Certificate of Incorporation to increase its authorized common stock from 25,000,000 shares to 100,000,000 shares. 

On
June 10, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common
stock of the Company to 250,000,000 shares from 100,000,000 shares. On July 14, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment
to its Certificate of Incorporation to increase its authorized common stock from 100,000,000 shares to 250,000,000 shares. 

On
August 3, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common
stock of the Company to 500,000,000 shares from 250,000,000 shares. On August 4, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment
to its Certificate of Incorporation to increase its authorized common stock from 250,000,000 shares to 500,000,000 shares. 

Common
Stock 

Private
Placements 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company received 347,000 of net proceeds from the issuance of 1,129,577 shares of common stock
in private placements with accredited investors. During the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued 11,003 shares of common
stock valued at 11,250 for finder s services related to certain of these private placements. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2019, the Company received 193,000 of net proceeds from the issuance of 640,000 shares of common stock
and 132,000 shares of common stock to be issued in private placements with accredited investors, incurring no finder s fees. 

F- 27 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
13: STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 

Stock
Award Payable 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company did not issue any shares of common stock to former officers, outside directors, or strategic
consultants. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2019, Messrs. Durando, Dotoli and Smiley received 800,000 shares of common stock, which were valued at
 400,000, Mr. Biderman a former outside Director received 200,000 shares of common stock, which were valued at 100,000 and strategic
consultants received 150,000 shares of common stock, which were valued at 75,000. In the aggregate, this group received a total
of 1,150,000 shares of common stock, which were valued at 0.50 per share or 575,000, based on the closing price of the Company s
common stock on September 24, 2018. The 575,000 was included in accrued expenses at June 30, 2018. 

Stock
Based Compensation Common Stock Grants 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued 231,635 restricted shares of its common stock to Mr. Cutchens, the Company s
Chief Financial Officer, which were granted on June 1, 2019 (the Grant Date ), pursuant to the terms of an employment
agreement with the Company. The restricted shares of common stock vest 25 on the six-month, 1 year, 2 year, and 3 year anniversaries
of the Grant Date. At June 30, 2020, 115,818 shares of common stock have vested and 115,817 shares remain unvested. During
the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company recorded 133,142 and 16,464, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense
related to the vested portion of this award. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2019, the Company issued 2,620,899 shares of its common stock to Mr. Bhatnagar, the Company s President
and Chief Executive Officer, which were granted on January 11, 2019 (the Grant Date ), pursuant to the terms of an
employment agreement and related transition agreement with the Company. The shares of common stock were immediately vested and
the Company recorded 1,310,449 of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended June 30, 2019. 

Conversion
of Service Fees 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued 62,000 shares of common stock, valued at 46,500, to a former officer
who provided services to the Company. 

During the year ended
June 30, 2020, the Company issued 294,654 shares of common stock to a number of related parties and strategic consultants in connection
with prior services provided to the Company. The shares issued were valued at 219,517. During the year ended June 30,
2019, the Company issued 3,898,733 shares of common stock and had 329,553 shares of common stock to be issued to a number of related
parties and strategic consultants in connection with prior services provided to the Company. The shares issued were valued at
 1,883,445. 

Conversion
of Debt Securities 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, 477,763 of convertible notes, including fees and interest, were converted into 5,872,362 shares
of the Company s common stock by accredited investors, valued at 1,054,204. During the year ended June 30, 2019,
there were no conversions of convertible notes into shares of the Company s common stock. 

Reserved
Shares Common Stock 

At
June 30, 2020, the convertible promissory notes entered into with accredited investors require the Company to reserve approximately
87,000,000 shares of its Common Stock for potential future conversions under such instruments. 

At
June 30, 2020, 7,202 shares of the Company s Common Stock remain subject to be returned to the Company s treasury
for cancellation. Such shares were not sold as part of 8,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock that was advanced during
fiscal year 2014 under an Equity Line of Credit. 

F- 28 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
13: STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 

Common
Stock Warrants 

Warrant
Agreement Earned Warrants 

Mr.
Bhatnagar, the Company s President and CEO, is entitled to receive warrants to acquire 4 of the outstanding fully diluted
common stock of the Company (the Earned Warrants each time the Company s revenue increases by 1,000,000.
The exercise price of the Earned Warrants is equal to 0.50 per share and he may not receive shares whereby Signing Shares and
Earned Warrants exceed 80 of the fully diluted common stock of the Company Warrant Cap ). 

Warrant
Agreement Accelerated Warrants 

Mr.
Bhatnagar, the Company s President and CEO, shall immediately receive the remaining amount of warrants necessary to acquire
up to 80 of the outstanding fully diluted common stock of the Company Accelerated Warrants when either of the
following occur: 

a) 
 the
 Company completes a stock or asset purchase of Scepter Commodities, LLC; or 

b) 
 the
 Company completes a stock or asset purchase of any other entity, either of which, in the aggregate, together with prior revenue
 increases achieved by the Company, results in the consolidated revenues of the Company being not less than 15,000,000; or 

c) 
 the
 Company grows a similar business organically within mPhase to include contracts generating revenues in excess of 15,000,000;
 or 

d) 
 the
 Company meets the listing requirements of either the NYSE or NASDAQ 

For the year ended June 30, 2020, as
the Company s revenue exceeded 30,000,000, Mr. Bhatnagar earned the remaining warrants to acquire 32,405,058 shares of
the Company s common stock under the provisions of the Warrant Agreement. As of the year ended June 30, 2019, as the Company s
revenue achieved 2,500,000, Mr. Bhatnagar earned warrants to acquire 4,985,394 shares of the Company s common stock under
the provisions of the Warrant Agreement. At June 30, 2020, Mr. Bhatnagar has earned the maximum available warrants to acquire
37,390,452 shares of the Company s common stock under the provisions of the Warrant Agreement. 

For
the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company recognized 16,202,529 and 2,492,697, respectively, of stock-based compensation
expense related to the earned warrants. 

The
Company estimates the fair value of each option award on the date of grant using a black-scholes option valuation model that uses
the assumptions noted in the table below. Because black-scholes option valuation models incorporate ranges of assumptions for
inputs, those ranges are disclosed. Expected volatilities are based on the historical volatility of the Company s stock.
The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model; separate groups
of employees that have similar historical exercise behavior are considered separately for valuation purposes. The expected term
of options granted is derived from the output of the option valuation model and represents the period of time that options granted
are expected to be outstanding; the range given below results from certain groups of employees exhibiting different behavior.
The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at
the time of grant. The following assumptions were utilized during the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019: 

Expected volatility 
 21,779.77 
 
 Weighted-average volatility 
 21,779.77 
 
 Expected dividends 
 0 
 
 Expected term (in years) 
 5.0 
 
 Risk-free rate 
 2.52 

F- 29 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
13: STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 

The
following table sets forth common stock purchase warrants outstanding at June 30, 2020: 

Warrants 
 Weighted 
 Average Exercise Price 
 Intrinsic 
 Value 
 
 Outstanding, June 30, 2019 
 4,985,394 
 0.50 
 - 
 
 Warrants earned 
 32,405,058 
 0.50 
 - 
 
 Warrants forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding, June 30, 2020 
 37,390,452 
 0.50 
 - 

Common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants 
 37,390,452 
 0.50 
 - 

Common Stock Issuable Upon Exercise of 
Warrants Outstanding 
 Common Stock Issuable Upon 
 Warrants Exercisable 
 
 Range of 
 Exercise Prices 
 Number Outstanding at 
 June 30, 2020 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Remaining 
 Contractual 
 Life (Years) 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 Number Exercisable at 
 June 30, 2020 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 
 0.50 
 37,390,452 
 4.30 
 0.50 
 37,390,452 
 0.50 

37,390,452 
 4.30 
 0.50 
 37,390,452 
 0.50 

The
following table sets forth common stock purchase warrants outstanding at June 30, 2019: 

Warrants 
 Weighted 
Average Exercise Price 
 Intrinsic 
 Value 
 
 Outstanding, June 30, 2018 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants earned 
 4,985,394 
 0.50 
 - 
 
 Warrants forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding, June 30, 2019 
 4,985,394 
 0.50 
 - 

Common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants 
 4,985,394 
 0.50 
 - 

Common Stock Issuable Upon Exercise of 
Warrants Outstanding 
 Common Stock Issuable Upon 
 Warrants Exercisable 
 
 Range of 
 Exercise Prices 
 Number 
 Outstanding at 
 June 30, 2019 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Remaining 
 Contractual 
 Life (Years) 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 Number 
 Exercisable at 
 June 30, 2019 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 
 0.50 
 4,985,394 
 4.75 
 0.50 
 4,985,394 
 0.50 

4,985,394 
 4.75 
 0.50 
 4,985,394 
 0.50 

Settlement
and New Funding Share Reserves 

The
Company agreed to reserve a total of 3,000,000 shares of its common stock of which 532,040 shares of common stock were reserved
for and issued concurrently for the conversion of 75 of outstanding accounts payables to officers and a director (discussed
below), 1,967,960 shares of common stock were reserved to reduce liabilities outstanding December 31, 2018 Settlement
Reserve ), and 500,000 shares of common stock were reserved to fund continuing operations Funding Reserve ).
On October 9, 2019, the Company amended the governing Reserve Agreement dated January 11, 2019, whereby the termination date was
extended to March 31, 2020, upon which date any unsold shares in the Reserve Account shall be returned to the Company and cancelled. 

At
March 31, 2020, 315,949 shares of common stock remained unsold from the initial Settlement Reserve to settle prior liabilities
and 185,063, shares of common stock remained unsold from the Funding Reserve to fund continuing operations as follows: 

F- 30 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
13: STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Continued) 

Settlement 
 Reserve 
 Funding Reserve 
 
 Initial Shares of Common Stock to Establish Reserve 
 1,967,960 
 500,000 
 
 Shares issued concurrently to transition agreement for the conversion of 75 strategic vendors, outstanding December 31, 2018 
 (61,200 
 - 
 
 Shares available upon execution of the Transition Agreement dated January 11, 2019 
 1,906,760 
 500,000 
 
 Shares issued subsequent to a Change in Control to accredited investors in private placements through March 31, 2020 
 (1,590,811 
 (314,937 
 
 Shares of Common Stock unsold at March 31, 2020 
 315,949 
 185,063 

Prior
Liabilities Settlement Reserve 

1,967,960
shares of the Company s common stock were reserved to settle the debts of the Company that were outstanding at December
31, 2018, in the following priority; the Judgement Settlement Agreement (formerly Fife forbearance Agreement), JMJ Financial,
Inc., MH Investment Trust, Power Up Lending Ltd, as well as other liabilities satisfactory to the CEO of the Company and the Company
(as per Section 2(a) of the Reserve Agreement concurrent with Change in Control Agreements , dated January 11, 2019).
At March 31, 2020, 315,949 unissued shares were cancelled. 

Officer s
and Director s Conversion Share Reserve 

532,040
shares of the Company s common stock were reserved for the conversion of 75 of payables to officers and a director
that were outstanding December 31, 2018, (as per Section 2(a) of the Reserve Agreement concurrent with Change in Control
Agreements , dated January 11, 2019). All these shares were issued effective December 31, 2018 and no shares remain available
under this reserve category. 

Continuing
Operations Share Reserve 

500,000
shares of the Company s common stock were reserved as per Section 2(c) to be sold at a price, not less than 0.25 per share
in periodic Private Placements, (as per Section 2(a) of the Reserve Agreement concurrent with Change in Control Agreements ,
dated January 11, 2019). At March 31, 2020, 185,063 unissued shares were cancelled. 

F- 31 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
13: STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Continued) 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

On
January 11, 2019, the Company issued 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Bhatnagar as the Company s new President
and CEO, to effectuate voting control of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Transition Agreement. The Series A Preferred
shares were recorded at par value, are not tradable, and have a nominal liquidation value. 

NOTE
14: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Microphase
Corporation 

At
June 30, 2020, the Company owed 32,545 to Microphase for previously leased office space at its Norwalk location and for certain
research and development services and shared administrative personnel from time to time, all through December 31, 2015. 

Former
Director 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, there were no transactions that occurred with this former director. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2019, Mr. Biderman, a former outside Director, received 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock
valued at 100,000 pursuant to a resolution of the Company s Board dated November 28, 2017, whereby such shares would be
issued when enough authorized shares became available. The liability for this award was included in accrued expenses at June 30,
2018. In addition, during the year ended June 30, 2019, Mr. Biderman, a former outside Director s affiliated firms of Palladium
Capital Advisors and Eagle Strategic Advisers converted 186,000 of accrued fees into 372,000 shares and 132,234 of a note and
accrued interest into 276,205 shares of the Company s common stock. At June 30, 2019, there was no outstanding balance for
accrued fees or for a note with accrued interest. 

F- 32 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
14: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued) 

Effective
October 1, 2018, the Company reversed to additional paid in capital 7,500 of accrued finders fees waved by Eagle Strategic
Advisers and no amount of such fees was accrued to this former outside Director s affiliated firm at June 30, 2019. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2019, the Company recognized 1,959 of accrued interest on this loan. During the year ended June 30, 2020,
there was no interest recognized for this loan. 

Transactions
With Officers 

Note
Payable Issuances 

At
various points during past fiscal years certain officers of the Company provided bridge loans to the Company evidenced by individual
promissory notes and deferred compensation so as to provide working capital to the Company. All of these notes accrue interest
at the rate of 6 per annum, and are payable on demand. During the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, the officers and former
officers advanced 48,052 and 144,507 to provide working capital to the Company and 4,792 and 15,467 has been charged for interest
on loans from officers and former officers. 

At
June 30, 2020 and 2019, these outstanding notes including accrued interest totaled 78,758 and 58,165, respectively. At June
30, 2020, these promissory notes are not convertible into shares of the Company common stock. 

Common
Stock Issuances 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued 231,635 restricted shares of its common stock to Mr. Cutchens, the Company s
Chief Financial Officer, which were granted on June 1, 2019 (the Grant Date ), pursuant to the terms of an employment
agreement with the Company. The restricted shares of common stock vest 25 on the six-month, 1 year, 2 year, and 3 year anniversaries
of the Grant Date. At June 30, 2020, 115,818 shares of common stock have vested and 115,817 shares remain unvested. During
the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company recorded 133,142 and 16,464, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense
related to the vested portion of this award. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company incurred 15,500 of expense related to legal and consulting services provided by Mr.
Smiley, the Company s former Chief Financial Officer and legal counsel. During October 2019, the entire balance of 15,500
was converted into 62,000 shares of common stock. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2019, the Company issued 2,620,899 shares of its common stock to Mr. Bhatnagar, the Company s President
and Chief Executive Officer, which were granted on January 11, 2019 (the Grant Date ), pursuant to the terms of an
employment agreement and related transition agreement with the Company. The shares of common stock were immediately vested and
the Company recorded 1,310,449 of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended June 30, 2019. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2019, the Company issued 3,898,733 shares of common stock and had 329,553 shares to be issued to a number
of related parties and strategic consultants in connection with prior services provided to the Company. The shares issued were
valued at 1,883,445. Additionally, during the year ended June 30, 2019, three former officers of the Company, Mr. Biderman as
a former outside director, and certain strategic consultants, who provided services to the Company, received a total of 1,150,000
shares of common stock, which were valued at 0.50 or 575,000, based on the closing price of the Company s common stock
on September 24, 2018, and was included in accrued expenses at June 30, 2018. Furthermore, during the year ended June 30, 2019,
the Company incurred 9,000 of expense related to legal and consulting services provided by Mr. Smiley, the Company s former
CFO and legal counsel. 

F- 33 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
14: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued) 

Conversion
Feature and Conversions of Debt to Officers 

The
Company amortized the remaining 91,177 deferred charge balance to beneficial conversion feature interest expense for the year
ended June 30, 2019. At June 30, 2020, there is no deferred charges for beneficial conversion feature interest expense remaining. 

Office
Lease 

Effective
May 1, 2019, the Company relocated its corporate office to 9841 Washingtonian Blvd., Suite 390, Gaithersburg, MD 20878, and incurs
rent expense of 1,350 per month, which is payable to a related party, Verus International, Inc., whereby Mr. Bhatnagar is
also the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The lease term with the related party is a month-to-month arrangement. For
the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, 16,200 and 7,621, respectively, was recognized as rent expense under the terms of this
month-to-month arrangement. At June 30, 2020 and 2019, 23,821 and 7,621, respectively, was accrued as payable to the related
party. 

NOTE
15: INCOME TAXES 

The
Company accounts for income taxes taking into account deferred tax assets and liabilities which represent the future tax consequences
of the differences between financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities versus the tax basis of assets and liabilities.
Under this method, deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, and operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards. Deferred liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. The impact of tax rate changes on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in the year the change is
enacted. Due to recurring losses, the Company s tax provision for the years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 was 0. 

At
June 30, 2020 and 2019, the difference between the effective income tax rate and the applicable statutory federal income tax rate
is summarized as follows: 

June 30, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Statutory federal rate 
 21.0 
 (21.0 
 
 State income tax rate, net of federal benefit 
 6.5 
 (7.2 
 
 Permanent differences, including stock based compensation and beneficial conversion interest expense 
 (0.1 
 28.9 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 (27.4 
 (0.7 
 
 Effective tax rate 
 - 
 - 

At
June 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company s deferred tax assets were as follows: 

June
 30, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Deferred
 tax assets 

Federal
 and state net operating loss carry forward 
 23,838,735 
 26,156,755 
 
 Deferred
 stock warrants 
 5,157,262 
 - 
 
 Other
 temporary differences 
 509,789 
 - 
 
 Total
 deferred tax asset 
 29,505,786 
 26,156,755 
 
 Net
 deferred tax asset 
 29,505,786 
 26,156,755 
 
 Less:
 valuation allowance 
 (29,505,786 
 (26,156,755 

- 
 - 

Valuation Allowance 

In assessing the realizability of deferred
tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all the deferred tax assets will be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in
which those temporary differences will become deductible. The Company considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities,
projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. The Company has recorded a full valuation
allowance against its net deferred tax assets because it is not currently able to conclude that it is more likely than not that
these assets will be realized. The amount of deferred tax assets considered to be realizable could be increased in the near term
if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are increased. The valuation allowance increased by 3,349,031
during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, of which 3,009,116 of the increase relates to the calculation of the current
fiscal year tax provision and 339,915 is a result of prior year adjustments and net operating loss expirations. The valuation
allowance decreased by 1,515,310 during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019, as a result of a reduction in the total NOL carry
forwards due to expiring loss years. 

F- 34 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
15: INCOME TAXES (continued) 

Other Income Tax Related Items 

At June 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company has
federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 87,000,000 and 105,000,000, respectively. Net operating loss carryforwards
generated before January 1, 2018 will expire through 2037. Under the Internal Revenue Code Section 382, certain
stock transactions which significantly change ownership, including the sale of stock to new investors, the exercise of options
to purchase stock, or other transactions between shareholders could limit the amount of net operating loss carryforwards that
may be utilized on an annual basis to offset taxable income in future periods. 

At
June 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company had no material unrecognized tax benefits and no adjustments to liabilities or operations
were required. The Company does not expect that its unrecognized tax benefits will materially increase within the next twelve
months. The Company did not recognize any interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions at June 30, 2020 and 2019. 

Enacted in
late 2017, the Tax Cut and Jobs Act TCJA imposed a one-time tax on earnings held outside the United States U.S. ).
The Company did not have any earnings subject to this tax. Beginning in 2018, earnings generated outside the U.S. are not subject
to U.S. tax when repatriated. If the Company engages in certain business activities, non-U.S. earnings may be required to be include
in the income of the U.S. parent company. The TCJA added rules that require the U.S. parent company to include in income certain
low taxed income. These so called Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI rules are not applicable to the Company. 

During May
2020, the Company received 33,332 under the Small Business Administration s Paycheck Protection Program PPP Loan created as part of the recently enacted CARES Act administered by the Small Business Administration SBA ). Certain
amounts of the loan may be forgiven if they are used towards qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. In the event that
forgiveness is applied for, an adjustment will be necessary for tax purposes to disallow for any expenses the loan was used towards
in the period in which forgiveness occurs. 

NOTE
16: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Commitments 

Effective
May 1, 2019, the Company relocated its corporate office to 9841 Washingtonian Blvd., Suite 390, Gaithersburg, MD 20878, and incurs
rent expense of 1,350 per month, which is payable to a related party. The lease term with the related party is a month-to-month
arrangement. 

Judgement
Settlement Agreement 

Effective
December 10, 2018, the Company entered into a Judgment Settlement Agreement to satisfy in full the Forbearance Agreement
with Fife that was previously in effect. As a result, under the Judgment Settlement Agreement, no shares of the Company s
common stock are issuable or eligible to be converted into. Under the terms of the Judgment Settlement Agreement, the Company
was required to pay 15,000 per month from January 15, 2019 through and including February 15, 2020, with a final payment of 195,000
which was due and payable in March of 2020. The Company made all required payments with the exception of the final payment of
 195,000 which was due and payable in March of 2020. On August 17, 2020, the Company entered into a second amendment (the Second
Amendment to the Judgement Settlement Agreement, whereby the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal
amount of 300,000 (the Note to repay the amounts still outstanding under the Judgment Settlement Agreement. The
Note matures on August 17, 2021, bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum, requires certain monthly minimum cash payments as
specified in the Note, and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a conversion
price as specified in the Note. The Note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to maturity without penalty. Failure
to make any of the payments, when due, will result in an additional debt obligation, inclusive of principal and interest at the
date of default to be immediately due and payable by the Company. The ultimate final payment amount is expected to be less than
the liability balance of 771,702 presented as liabilities in arrears judgement settlement agreement on the consolidated
balance sheets (see Note 10). 

Contracts
and Commitments Executed Pursuant to the Transition Agreement 

In
the transaction whereby Mr. Bhatnagar acquired control of the Company on January 11, 2019, the Company entered into material commitments
including an employment agreement and a warrant agreement (see Note 13). 

F- 35 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
16: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (continued) 

Contingencies 

Judgment
Settlement Agreement 

Effective
December 10, 2018, the Company entered into a Judgment Settlement Agreement to satisfy in full the Forbearance Agreement
with Fife that was previously in effect. As a result, under the Judgment Settlement Agreement, no shares of the Company s
common stock are issuable or eligible to be converted into. Under the terms of the Judgment Settlement Agreement, the Company
was required to pay 15,000 per month from January 15, 2019 through and including February 15, 2020, with a final payment of 195,000
which was due and payable in March of 2020. The Company made all required payments with the exception of the final payment of
 195,000 which was due and payable in March of 2020. On August 17, 2020, the Company entered into a second amendment (the Second
Amendment to the Judgement Settlement Agreement, whereby the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal
amount of 300,000 (the Note to repay the amounts still outstanding under the Judgment Settlement Agreement. The
Note matures on August 17, 2021, bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum, requires certain monthly minimum cash payments as
specified in the Note, and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a conversion
price as specified in the Note. The Note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to maturity without penalty. Failure
to make any of the payments, when due, will result in an additional debt obligation, inclusive of principal and interest at the
date of default to be immediately due and payable by the Company. The ultimate final payment amount is expected to be less than
the liability balance of 771,702 presented as liabilities in arrears judgement settlement agreement on the consolidated
balance sheets (see Note 10). 

Should
the Company satisfy the liability as described within the Judgement Settlement Agreement above, the Company would realize a gain
on such settlement of approximately 440,000. 

Amounts
Contingent upon Certain Terms of Change in Control Agreements Effective January 11, 2019 

To
the extent the Company does not eliminate the certain liabilities within six months of the effective date as stated within
the Transition Agreement, the Warrant Cap for warrants issued to Mr. Bhatnagar shall increase by such number of shares at a price
of 0.25 to equal the amount of the remaining liability. On July 15, 2020, immediately prior to the Company s entry into
an Exchange Agreement with Mr. Bhatnagar, it was determined that 5,650,708 additional warrants (the Additional Warrants to purchase the Company s Common Stock were due to and issued to Mr. Bhatnagar in accordance with the terms and conditions
of the Transition Agreement. However, the Additional Warrants were immediately cancelled and terminated with the intention of
mitigating potential liabilities arising from certain issuances of the Company s Common Stock below the minimum price of
 0.50 per share as stated within the Transition Agreement. 

The
Change in Control Agreements, effective January 11, 2019, also have certain provisions that may accelerate the warrant earn
out formula contained in the Transition Agreement. At June 30, 2020, as Mr. Bhatnagar has earned the maximum available
warrants to acquire 37,390,452 shares of the Company s common stock under the provisions of the Warrant Agreement, any acceleration
provisions within the Change in Control Agreements are no longer applicable. 

NOTE
17: DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

The
Company has classified the operating results and associated assets and liabilities from its Jump line of products, which ceased
generating material revenue during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, as Discontinued Operations in the Consolidated Financial
Statements for the Fiscal Years ended June 30, 2020 and 2019. 

The
assets and liabilities associated with discontinued operations included in our Consolidated Balance Sheets were as follows: 

June 30, 2020 
 June 30, 2019 

Discontinued 
 Continuing 
 Total 
 Discontinued 
 Continuing 
 Total 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 
 - 
 142,413 
 142,413 
 - 
 33,996 
 33,996 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 - 
 14,048,095 
 14,048,095 
 - 
 2,526,155 
 2,526,155 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 - 
 4,477 
 4,477 
 - 
 8,820 
 8,820 
 
 Other assets 
 - 
 30,879 
 30,879 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 - 
 14,225,864 
 14,225,864 
 - 
 2,568,971 
 2,568,971 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 - 
 32,669 
 32,669 
 - 
 11,048 
 11,048 
 
 Goodwill 
 - 
 3,636 
 3,636 
 - 
 6,020 
 6,020 
 
 Intangible asset purchased software, net 
 - 
 2,835,117 
 2,835,117 
 - 
 3,025,801 
 3,025,801 
 
 Other assets 
 - 
 11,670 
 11,670 
 - 
 3,058 
 3,058 
 
 Total Assets 
 - 
 17,108,956 
 17,108,956 
 - 
 5,614,898 
 5,614,898 

Liabilities 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 
 82,795 
 7,897,887 
 7,980,682 
 82,795 
 366,274 
 449,069 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 - 
 1,123,842 
 1,123,842 
 - 
 3,368,801 
 3,368,801 
 
 Contract liabilities 
 - 
 219,652 
 219,652 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Due to related parties 
 - 
 84,485 
 84,485 
 - 
 65,459 
 65,459 
 
 Notes payable to officer 
 - 
 26,818 
 26,818 
 - 
 25,251 
 25,251 
 
 Notes payable 
 - 
 20,469 
 20,469 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes payable, net 
 - 
 189,641 
 189,641 
 - 
 2,351 
 2,351 
 
 Liabilities in arrears with convertible features 
 - 
 109,000 
 109,000 
 - 
 109,000 
 109,000 
 
 Liabilities in arrears - judgement settlement agreement 
 - 
 771,702 
 771,702 
 - 
 855,660 
 855,660 
 
 Derivative liability 
 - 
 897,631 
 897,631 
 - 
 133,669 
 133,669 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 82,795 
 11,341,127 
 11,423,922 
 82,795 
 4,926,465 
 5,009,260 

F- 36 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
17: DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Continued) 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, there was no revenue or expenses associated with the discontinued operations of our Jump
line of products. 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019, the revenue and expenses associated with the discontinued operations included in our Consolidated
Statements of Operations were as follows: 

Discontinued 
 Continuing 
 Total 
 
 Revenue 
 - 
 2,500,000 
 2,500,000 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gross Profit 
 - 
 2,500,000 
 2,500,000 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 - 
 4,265,886 
 4,265,886 
 
 Operating loss 
 - 
 (1,765,886 
 (1,765,886 
 
 Other Income (Expense): 

Interest expense 
 (11,508 
 (210,594 
 (222,102 
 
 Loss on change in fair value of derivative liability 
 - 
 (30,508 
 (30,508 
 
 Initial derivative expense 
 - 
 (25,161 
 (25,161 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 
 - 
 (2,260 
 (2,260 
 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs 
 - 
 (90 
 (90 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 30,448 
 60,398 
 90,846 
 
 Other income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Other Income (Expense) 
 18,940 
 (208,215 
 (189,275 
 
 Income (Loss) before income taxes 
 18,940 
 (1,974,101 
 (1,955,161 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 18,940 
 (1,974,101 
 (1,955,161 

F- 37 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
18: SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

Subsequent
to June 30, 2020, an aggregate of 288,182 of principal, accrued interest, and fees have been converted into 16,331,766 shares
of the Company s common stock. 

On
July 13, 2020, the Company entered into a common stock purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement and a registration
rights agreement (the Rights Agreement with White Lion Capital, LLC (the Investor pursuant to which
the Investor agreed to invest up to three million dollars 3,000,000) to purchase the Company s common stock, par value
 0.01 per share (the Common Stock ), at a purchase price of 95 of the market price of the Company s Common
Stock during a valuation period as defined in the Purchase Agreement. The shares of Common Stock to be issued and sold to the
Investor pursuant to the Purchase Agreement were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder.
The Rights Agreement was an inducement to the Investor to execute and deliver the Purchase Agreement, whereby the Company agreed
to provide certain registration rights under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable for Investor s
investment pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The Purchase Agreement terminates on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii)
the date on which the Investor has purchased three million dollars 3,000,000) of the Company s common stock, (iii) at
such time that the registration statement agreed to in the Rights Agreement is no longer in effect, (iv) upon Investor s
material breach of contract, (v) in the event a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed concerning the Company;
or, (vi) if a Custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property or the Company makes a general
assignment for the benefit of its creditors. 

Furthermore,
on July 13, 2020, the Company entered into a consulting, public relations, and marketing agreement whereby the Company issued
200,000 restricted shares of its common stock for services to be performed during the agreement period of July 15, 2020 through
October 15, 2020. 

On
July 14, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended,
to increase its authorized common stock from 100,000,000 shares to 250,000,000 shares. 

On
July 15, 2020, the Company entered into an exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement with its Chief Executive
Officer, Anshu Bhatnagar Holder ), whereby earned and issued warrants to purchase 37,390,452 shares of the Company s
Common Stock (the Cancelled Warrants pursuant to the terms of that certain Transition Agreement (the Transition
Agreement and Warrant Agreement (the Warrant Agreement each between the Company and Holder and dated as
of January 11, 2019 were forfeited and exchanged for (i) 37,390,452 shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Shares and (ii) the cancellation and termination of the Transition Agreement and Warrant Agreement. The Cancelled Warrants had an exercise
price of 0.50 per share and were not subject to expiration. Such Exchange Agreement is intended to make the Company s capitalization
more attractive to potential investors and to remove the uncertainty associated with any future grants of warrants under the Transition
Agreement and Warrant Agreement, although there can be no assurance of any future investments on terms that are attractive to
the Company, or at all. Immediately prior to the Company s entry into the Exchange Agreement, it was determined that 5,650,708
additional warrants (the Additional Warrants to purchase the Company s Common Stock were due to and issued
to the Holder in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Transition Agreement as the Transition Agreement required certain
liabilities to be eliminated by the prior management team within six months of the Transition Agreement s effective date
of January 11, 2019. However, the Additional Warrants were immediately cancelled and terminated with the intention of mitigating
potential liabilities arising from certain issuances of the Company s Common Stock below the minimum price of 0.50 per
share as stated within the Transition Agreement. The Shares to be issued and sold to the Holder pursuant to the Exchange Agreement
were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation
D promulgated thereunder. 

F- 38 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
18: SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (continued) 

On
July 24, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with
an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company issued and sold a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of
 105,000 (including a 5,000 original issuance discount) (the Note ). The closing of the transaction contemplated
by the Securities Purchase Agreement occurred on July 27, 2020, the date the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 95,000
as a result of 5,000 being paid to reimburse the accredited investor for legal fees incurred with respect to the Securities Purchase
Agreement and the Note. The Note matures on July 24, 2021, bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum (increasing to 24 per annum
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Note)) and is convertible into shares of the Company s common
stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a conversion price as specified in the Note, subject to adjustment. The Note may be prepaid
by the Company at any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date of the Note with certain prepayment penalties as set
forth therein. 

On
July 31, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with
an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company issued and sold a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of
 68,000 (the Note ). The closing of the transaction contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement occurred on
August 6, 2020, the date the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 65,000 as a result of 3,000 being paid to reimburse
the accredited investor for legal fees incurred with respect to the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Note. The Note matures
on July 31, 2021, bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum (increasing to 22 per annum upon the occurrence of an Event of Default
(as defined in the Note)) and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a
conversion price as specified in the Note, subject to adjustment. The Note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to
the 180th day after the issuance date of the Note with certain prepayment penalties as set forth therein. 

On
August 4, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended,
to increase its authorized common stock from 250,000,000 shares to 500,000,000 shares. 

On
August 14, 2020, the Company filed a preliminary registration statement in accordance with the registration rights agreement entered
into with White Lion Capital, LLC on July 13, 2020. On October 13, 2020, the preliminary registration statement was withdrawn. 

On
August 17, 2020, the Company entered into a second amendment (the Second Amendment to the Judgement Settlement
Agreement dated December 10, 2018 (the Settlement Agreement with John M. Fife, an individual Lender whereby the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 300,000 (the Note to repay
the amounts still outstanding under the Settlement Agreement. The Note matures on August 17, 2021, bears interest at a rate of
10 per annum, requires certain monthly minimum cash payments as specified in the Note, and is convertible into shares of the
Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a conversion price as specified in the Note. The Note may be prepaid
by the Company at any time prior to maturity without penalty. 

On
August 19, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with
an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company issued and sold a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of
 99,225 (including a 4,725 original issuance discount) (the Note ). The closing of the transaction contemplated
by the Securities Purchase Agreement occurred on August 20, 2020, the date the Company received net proceeds in the amount of
 90,000 as a result of 4,500 being paid to reimburse the accredited investor for legal fees incurred with respect to the Securities
Purchase Agreement and the Note. The Note matures on August 19, 2021, bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum (increasing to
24 per annum upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Note)) and is convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a conversion price as specified in the Note, subject to adjustment. The Note may be
prepaid by the Company at any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date of the Note with certain prepayment penalties
as set forth therein. 

F- 39 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 

NOTE
18: SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (continued) 

On
August 19, 2020, the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company approved the appointment of RBSM, LLP RBSM as the Company s independent registered public account firm to audit its consolidated financial statements for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 2020, with such appointment effective as of August 19, 2020. RBSM replaces Assurance Dimensions, Inc. Assurance
Dimensions who resigned as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm effective as of August 19,
2020. 

On
August 20, 2020, the Company prepaid a convertible promissory note, including principal, accrued interest, and prepayment amount
as set forth within such convertible promissory note dated February 24, 2020. The convertible promissory note in the principal
amount of 53,000 was issued and sold by the Company to an accredited investor under a securities purchase agreement dated February
24, 2020. 

On
August 20, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with
an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company issued and sold a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of
 63,000 (the Note ). The closing of the transaction contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement occurred on
August 21, 2020, the date the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 60,000 as a result of 3,000 being paid to reimburse
the accredited investor for legal fees incurred with respect to the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Note. The Note matures
on August 20, 2021, bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum (increasing to 22 per annum upon the occurrence of an Event of Default
(as defined in the Note)) and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a
conversion price as specified in the Note, subject to adjustment. The Note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to
the 180th day after the issuance date of the Note with certain prepayment penalties as set forth therein. 

On
August 27, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with
an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company issued and sold a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of
 105,000 (including a 5,000 original issuance discount) (the Note ). The closing of the transaction contemplated
by the Securities Purchase Agreement occurred on August 28, 2020, the date the Company received net proceeds in the amount of
 96,000 as a result of 4,000 being paid to reimburse the accredited investor for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect
to the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Note. The Note matures on August 27, 2021, bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum
(increasing to 24 per annum upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Note)) and is convertible into shares
of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a conversion price as specified in the Note, subject to adjustment.
The Note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date of the Note with certain prepayment
penalties as set forth therein. 

On
August 28, 2020, the Company prepaid a convertible promissory note, including principal, accrued interest, and prepayment amount
as set forth within such convertible promissory note dated March 3, 2020. The convertible promissory note in the principal amount
of 63,000 was issued and sold by the Company to an accredited investor under a securities purchase agreement dated March 3, 2020. 

On
August 31, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with
an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company issued and sold a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of
 68,000 (the Note ). The closing of the transaction contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement occurred on
September 1, 2020, the date the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 65,000 as a result of 3,000 being paid to reimburse
the accredited investor for legal fees incurred with respect to the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Note. The Note matures
on August 31, 2021, bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum (increasing to 22 per annum upon the occurrence of an Event of Default
(as defined in the Note)) and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a
conversion price as specified in the Note, subject to adjustment. The Note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to
the 180th day after the issuance date of the Note with certain prepayment penalties as set forth therein. 

On October 22, 2020, the Company received a notice of event
of default and demand letter Demand Letter from a promissory note holder the Note Holder ). The
promissory note was issued on November 1, 2019, in the original principal amount of 40,739.31, accrued interest at a rate of
6 per annum, and matured on April 18, 2020. The Demand Letter stated an aggregate of 51,940.09 of principal and interest was
immediately due. The promissory note does not have a convertible feature and is not convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock. Additionally, the promissory note does not contain any cross-default provisions with any other promissory notes
issued by the Company. The Company expects to work with the Note Holder to negotiate a repayment structure whereby the Company
can repay the Note Holder the balance due as quickly as possible based upon its available capital. 

On
December 7, 2020, the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company approved the dismissal RBSM, LLP RBSM as the Company s independent registered public account firm to audit its consolidated financial statements for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 2020, with such dismissal effective as of December 7, 2020. 

On
December 8, 2020, the Board of the Company approved the appointment of Boyle, CPA, LLC Boyle CPA as the Company s
independent registered public account firm to audit its consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending June 30,
2020, with such appointment effective as of December 8, 2020. Boyle CPA replaces RBSM who was dismissed as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm effective as of December 7, 2020. 

F- 40 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries 

mPhase
Technologies India Private Limited, an India private limited company 

 mPower
Technologies, Inc., a New Jersey corporation 

 Always
Ready, Inc., a New Jersey corporation 

 MEDDS,
Inc., a Wyoming corporation 

 Microphase
Telecommunications, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

 mPhase
TV.net, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

 mPhase
Television.Net, Inc., a Connecticut corporation 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer of mPhase Technologies, Inc. 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Anshu Bhatnagar, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of mPhase Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
 or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
 period covered by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
 this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
 in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
 the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
 financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
 control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
 a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 January 5, 2021 
 /s/
 Anshu Bhatnagar 

Anshu
 Bhatnagar 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer of mPhase Technologies, Inc. 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Christopher Cutchens, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of mPhase Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
 or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
 period covered by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
 this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
 in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
 the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
 financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
 control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
 a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 January 5, 2021 
 /s/
 Christopher Cutchens 

Christopher
 Cutchens 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

Statement
of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant
to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the
undersigned, Anshu Bhatnagar, Chief Executive Officer of mPhase Technologies, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies
that based on the undersigned s knowledge: 

1. The
 Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2020 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
 January 5, 2021 
 /s/
 Anshu Bhatnagar 

Anshu
 Bhatnagar 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

Statement
of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant
to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the
undersigned, Christopher Cutchens, Chief Financial Officer of mPhase Technologies, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies
that based on the undersigned s knowledge: 

1. The
 Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2020 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
 January 5, 2021 
 /s/
 Christopher Cutchens 

Christopher
 Cutchens 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 xdsl-20200630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 xdsl-20200630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 xdsl-20200630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 xdsl-20200630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 xdsl-20200630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 xdsl-20200630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

