<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211124_10-K_edgar_data_1005210_0001564590-21-058219.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21610213</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>491784</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1994175</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9813307</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2540513</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6322539</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-21-058219.hdr.sgml : 20211124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211124120330
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-21-058219
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210925
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005210
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS RETAIL [5900]
		IRS NUMBER:				223410353
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0925

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14222
		FILM NUMBER:		211443489

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 206
		STREET 2:		240 ROUTE 10 WEST
		CITY:			WIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07981
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9738875300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE SUBURBAN PLZ
		STREET 2:		240 RTE 10 WEST
		CITY:			WHIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07981

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-21-058219.txt : 20211124

10-K
 1
 sph-10k_20210925.htm
 10-K

sph-10k_20210925.htm

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Commission File Number: 
 
 SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS, L.P. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 

(I.R.S. Employer 

incorporation or organization) 

Identification No.) 

, 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, 
 including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 

Name of exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value as of March 26, 2021 of the registrant s Common Units held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the reported closing price of such units on the New York Stock Exchange on such date 15.06 per unit), was approximately . As of November 22, 2021, there were Common Units of Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: 

Total number of pages (excluding Exhibits): 128 

Table of Contents 

SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

Page 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 13 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 27 

ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 27 

ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 27 

ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 27 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON UNITS, RELATED UNITHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF UNITS 
 
 28 

ITEM 6. 
 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 28 

ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 28 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 40 

ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 42 

ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 44 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 44 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 44 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND PARTNERSHIP GOVERNANCE 
 
 45 

ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 52 

ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED UNITHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 83 

ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 85 

ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 86 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 87 

ITEM 16. 
 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 87 

SIGNATURES 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements Forward-Looking Statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, relating to future business expectations and predictions and financial condition and results of operations of Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. (the Partnership ). Some of these statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as prospects, outlook, believes, estimates, intends, may, will, should, could, anticipates, expects or plans or the negative or other variation of these or similar words, or by discussion of trends and conditions, strategies or risks and uncertainties. These Forward-Looking Statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed or implied in such Forward-Looking Statements (statements contained in this Annual Report identifying such risks and uncertainties are referred to as Cautionary Statements ). The risks and uncertainties and their impact on the Partnership s results include, but are not limited to, the following risks: 

The impact of weather conditions on the demand for propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels, natural gas and electricity 

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the corresponding government response, including the impact across the Partnership s businesses on demand and operations, as well as on the operations of the Partnership s suppliers, customers and other business partners, and the effectiveness of the Partnership s actions taken in response to these risks 

Volatility in the unit cost of propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels, natural gas and electricity, the impact of the Partnership s hedging and risk management activities, and the adverse impact of price increases on volumes sold as a result of customer conservation 

The ability of the Partnership to compete with other suppliers of propane, fuel oil and other energy sources 

The impact on the price and supply of propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels from the political, military or economic instability of the oil producing nations, global terrorism and other general economic conditions , including the economic instability resulting from natural disasters such as pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic 

The ability of the Partnership to acquire sufficient volumes of, and the costs to the Partnership of acquiring, transporting and storing, propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels 

The ability of the Partnership to acquire and maintain reliable transportation for its propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels 

The ability of the Partnership to attract and retain employees and key personnel to support the growth of our business 

The ability of the Partnership to retain customers or acquire new customers 

The impact of customer conservation, energy efficiency and technology advances on the demand for propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels, natural gas and electricity 

The ability of management to continue to control expenses 

The impact of changes in applicable statutes and government regulations, or their interpretations, including those relating to the environment and climate change, derivative instruments and other regulatory developments on the Partnership s business 

The impact of changes in tax laws that could adversely affect the tax treatment of the Partnership for income tax purposes 

The impact of legal proceedings on the Partnership s business 

The impact of operating hazards that could adversely affect the Partnership s operating results to the extent not covered by insurance 

The Partnership s ability to make strategic acquisitions and successfully integrate them 

The ability of the Partnership to continue to combat cybersecurity threats to its networks and information technology 

The impact of current conditions in the global capital and credit markets, and general economic pressures 

The operating, legal and regulatory risks the Partnership may face and 

Other risks referenced from time to time in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and those factors listed or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report under Risk Factors. 

 Some of these Forward-Looking Statements are discussed in more detail in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report. Reference is also made to the risk factors discussed in Item 1A of this Annual Report. On different occasions, the Partnership or its representatives have made or may make Forward-Looking Statements in other filings with the SEC, press releases or oral statements made by or with the approval of one of the Partnership s authorized executive officers. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on Forward-Looking Statements, which reflect management s view only as of the date made. The Partnership undertakes no obligation to update any Forward-Looking Statement or Cautionary Statement, except as required by law. All subsequent written and oral Forward-Looking Statements attributable to the Partnership or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the Cautionary Statements in this Annual Report and in future SEC reports. For a more complete discussion of specific factors which could cause actual results to differ from those in the Forward-Looking Statements or Cautionary Statements, see Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 

 Development of Business 
 Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. (the Partnership ), a publicly traded Delaware limited partnership, is a nationwide marketer and distributor of a diverse array of products meeting the energy needs of our customers. We specialize in the distribution of propane, renewable propane, fuel oil and refined fuels, as well as the marketing of natural gas and electricity in deregulated markets and are an investor in low carbon fuel alternatives. In support of our core marketing and distribution operations, we install and service a variety of home comfort equipment, particularly in the areas of heating and ventilation. We believe, based on LP/Gas Magazine dated February 2021, that we are the third-largest retail marketer of propane in the United States, measured by retail gallons sold in the calendar year 2020. As of September 25, 2021, we were serving the energy needs of approximately 1.0 million residential, commercial, industrial and agricultural customers through approximately 700 locations in 41 states with operations principally concentrated in the east and west coast regions of the United States, as well as portions of the midwest region of the United States and Alaska. We sold approximately 419.8 million gallons of propane and 24.0 million gallons of fuel oil and refined fuels to retail customers during the year ended September 25, 2021. Together with our predecessor companies, we have been continuously engaged in the retail propane business since 1928. 
 We conduct our business principally through Suburban Propane, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, which operates our propane business and assets (the Operating Partnership ), and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. Our general partner, and the general partner of our Operating Partnership, is Suburban Energy Services Group LLC (the General Partner ), a Delaware limited liability company whose sole member is the Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership. Since October 19, 2006, the General Partner has no economic interest in either the Partnership or the Operating Partnership (which means that the General Partner is not entitled to any cash distributions of either partnership, nor to any cash payment upon the liquidation of either partnership, nor any other economic rights in either partnership) other than as a holder of 784 Common Units of the Partnership. Additionally, under the Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership (the Partnership Agreement of the Partnership, there are no incentive distribution rights for the benefit of the General Partner. The Partnership owns (directly and indirectly) all of the limited partner interests in the Operating Partnership. The Common Units represent 100 of the limited partner interests in the Partnership. 
 Direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership include Suburban Heating Oil Partners, LLC, which owns and operates the assets of our fuel oil and refined fuels business Agway Energy Services, LLC, which owns and operates the assets of our natural gas and electricity business and Suburban Sales and Service, Inc., which conducts a portion of our service work and appliance and parts business. Our fuel oil and refined fuels, natural gas and electricity and services businesses are structured as either limited liability companies that are treated as corporations or corporate entities (collectively referred to as Corporate Entities and, as such, are subject to corporate level income tax. 
 During fiscal 2020, our Operating Partnership acquired a 39 equity interest in Oberon Fuels, Inc. Oberon ), which is a development-stage producer of an innovative, low carbon renewable dimethyl ether rDME transportation fuel. Oberon is focused on the research and development of practical and affordable pathways to zero-emission transportation through its proprietary production process. Oberon's rDME fuel is a cost-effective, low-carbon, zero-soot alternative to petroleum diesel, and when blended with propane can significantly reduce its carbon intensity. In addition, rDME is also a cost-effective carrier for hydrogen, making it easy to deliver this renewable fuel for the growing hydrogen fuel cell industry. 
 Suburban Energy Finance Corp., a direct 100 -owned subsidiary of the Partnership, was formed on November 26, 2003 to serve as co-issuer, jointly and severally with the Partnership, of the Partnership s senior notes. Suburban Energy Finance Corp. has nominal assets and conducts no business operations. 
 In this Annual Report, unless otherwise indicated, the terms Partnership, Suburban, we, us, and our are used to refer to Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership. The Partnership and the Operating Partnership commenced operations in March 1996 in connection with the Partnership s initial public offering of Common Units. 
 We currently file Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K with the SEC. You may read and print copies of any materials that we file with the SEC on the SEC s EDGAR database at www.sec.gov . 
 
 1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Upon written request or through an information request link from our website at www.suburbanpropane.com , we will provide, without charge, copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 25, 2021 , each of the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports filed or furnished on Form 8-K and all amendments to such reports as soon as is reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Requests should be directed to: Suburban Propane Partners, L.P., Investor Relations, P.O. Box 206, Whippany, New Jersey 07981-0206. The information contained on our website is not included as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our Strategy 
 Our business strategy is to deliver increasing value to our unitholders through initiatives, both internal and external, that are geared toward achieving sustainable profitable growth. In advancing this strategy, we consider the interests of our employees, customers and the communities in which we operate, as exemplified by our three corporate pillars Go Green with Suburban Propane , SuburbanCares , and Suburban Commitment to Excellence . The following are key elements of our strategy: 
 Strategic Investments in the Continued Build Out of Our Renewable Energy Platform. The economy-wide energy transition to a low carbon world offers an opportunity for us to realize top-line organic growth through advancing the significant air quality and climate benefits of traditional propane, and through continued investments in the next generation of even cleaner and lower carbon renewable energy products. This dual approach has driven our engagement in particularly hard to abate segments, including heavy duty transportation and rural heating and cooking and our investments in renewable propane and renewable dimethyl ether, and our ongoing pursuit of additional emerging renewable energy technologies. Through our minority-owned subsidiary, Oberon, we are also supporting research into the development of a renewable hydrogen solution given the exceptional hydrogen carrier characteristics of rDME and our ability to leverage existing assets for the safe storage and transportation of our current product offerings. As a company with a more than 90-year legacy of being a trusted and reliable provider of energy and exceptional customer service, our goal is to lead the propane industry in the transition to a renewable energy future that provides value to our customers, unitholders, employees, and the communities we serve in a way that ensures we can thrive in a carbon constrained world for the next 90 years. 
 Growing Our Customer Base by Improving Customer Retention and Acquiring New Customers. We set clear objectives to focus our employees on seeking new customers and retaining existing customers by providing highly responsive customer service. We believe that customer satisfaction is a critical factor in the growth and success of our operations. Our Business is Customer Satisfaction is one of our core operating philosophies. We measure and reward our customer service centers based on a combination of profitability of the individual customer service center and net customer growth. We have made investments in training our people both on techniques to provide exceptional customer service to our existing customer base, as well as advanced sales training focused on growing our customer base. 
 Selective Acquisitions of Complementary Businesses or Assets. We supplement our organic customer base growth and retention initiatives with selective acquisitions of high-quality propane businesses in strategic markets, as well as identifying and fostering new market expansion efforts to establish or extend our presence and expand market share. Our acquisition strategy is to focus on businesses with a relatively steady or predictable cash flow that will extend our presence in strategically attractive markets, complement our existing business segments or provide an opportunity to diversify our operations. We are very patient, disciplined and deliberate in evaluating both traditional and renewable energy acquisition opportunities. 
 Internal Focus on Driving Operating Efficiencies, Right-Sizing Our Cost Structure and Enhancing Our Customer Mix. We focus internally on improving the efficiency of our existing operations, customer support, managing our cost structure, improving our customer mix, and hardening our cybersecurity defenses. Through investments in our technology infrastructure, we continue to seek to improve operating efficiencies and the return on assets employed. We have developed a streamlined operating footprint and management structure to facilitate effective resource planning and decision making. Our internal efforts are particularly focused in the areas of route optimization, forecasting customer usage, customer onboarding and support, inventory control, cash management and customer tracking. We will continue to pursue operational efficiencies while staying focused on providing exceptional service to our customer base. Our systems platform is advanced and scalable and we will seek to leverage that technology for enhanced routing, forecasting and customer relationship management. 
 Selective Disposition of Non-Strategic Assets. We continuously evaluate our existing facilities to identify opportunities to optimize our return on assets by selectively divesting operations in slower growing markets, generating proceeds that can be reinvested in markets that present greater opportunities for growth. Our objective is to maximize the growth and profit potential of all of our assets. 
 The Three Pillars of the Suburban Propane Experience. We execute the foregoing strategy with support from our three corporate pillars: 
 
 2 
 
 Table of Contents 

Go Green with Suburban Propane : our commitment to advancing the clean air and low carbon benefits of traditional propane, and to invest in innovative technologies to bring the next generation of renewable energy solutions to market in support of the energy transition 

SuburbanCares : our devotion to the safety and career development of our people, and our philanthropic activities to be a critical positive contributor in the local communities we serve and in our national partnership with the American Red Cross and 

Suburban Commitment to Excellence : our value proposition for our customers, employees and the communities we serve and, in particular, the reliability, dependability and flexibility in our commitment to excellence in safety and customer service. 

 Business Segments 
 As described below, we manage and evaluate our operations in four operating segments, three of which are reportable segments: Propane, Fuel Oil and Refined Fuels and Natural Gas and Electricity. See the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for financial information about our business segments. 
 Propane 
 Propane is a by product of natural gas processing and petroleum refining. It is a clean burning energy source recognized for its transportability and ease of use relative to alternative forms of stand alone energy sources. Propane use falls into three broad categories: 

residential and commercial applications 

industrial applications and 

agricultural uses. 

 In the residential and commercial markets, propane is used primarily for space heating, water heating, clothes drying and cooking. Industrial customers use propane generally as a motor fuel to power over the road vehicles, forklifts and stationary engines, to fire furnaces, as a cutting gas and in other process applications. In the agricultural market, propane is primarily used for tobacco curing, crop drying, poultry brooding and weed control. 
 Propane is extracted from natural gas or oil wellhead gas at processing plants or separated from crude oil during the refining process. It is normally transported and stored in a liquid state under moderate pressure or refrigeration for ease of handling in shipping and distribution. When the pressure is released or the temperature is increased, propane becomes a flammable gas that is colorless and odorless, although an odorant is added to allow its detection. Propane is non-toxic, clean burning and, when consumed, produces virtually no particulate matter or sulfur dioxide (contributors to climate change). 
 Product Distribution and Marketing 
 We distribute propane through a nationwide retail distribution network consisting of approximately 700 locations in 41 states as of September 25, 2021. Our operations are principally concentrated in the east and west coast regions of the United States, as well as portions of the midwest region of the United States and Alaska. As of September 25, 2021, we serviced approximately 855,000 propane customers. Typically, our customer service centers are located in suburban and rural areas where natural gas is not readily available. Generally, these customer service centers consist of an office, appliance showroom, warehouse and service facilities, with one or more 18,000 to 30,000 gallon storage tanks on the premises. Approximately 60 of our residential customers receive their propane supply through an automatic delivery system. These deliveries are scheduled through proprietary computer technology, based upon each customer s historical consumption patterns and prevailing weather conditions. Additionally, we offer our customers a budget payment plan whereby the customer s estimated annual propane purchases and service contracts are paid for in a series of estimated equal monthly payments over a twelve-month period. From our customer service centers, we also sell, install and service heating and cooking appliances to customers who purchase propane from us and, at some locations, propane fuel systems for motor vehicles. 
 We sell propane primarily to seven customer markets: residential, commercial, industrial (including engine fuel), government, agricultural, other retail users and wholesale. Approximately 91 of the propane gallons sold by us in fiscal 2021 was to retail customers: 44 of those propane gallons to residential customers, 36 to commercial customers, 9 to industrial customers, 4 to government customers, 4 to agricultural customers and 3 to other retail users. The balance of approximately 9 of the propane 
 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 gallons sold by us in fiscal 2021 w ere for risk management activities and wholesale customers. No single customer accounted for 10 or more of our propane revenues during fiscal 2021 . 
 Retail deliveries of propane are usually made to customers by means of bobtail and rack trucks. Propane is pumped from bobtail trucks, which have capacities typically ranging from 2,400 gallons to 3,500 gallons of propane, into a stationary storage tank on the customers premises. The capacity of these storage tanks ranges from approximately 100 gallons to approximately 1,200 gallons, with a typical tank having a capacity of 300 to 400 gallons. As is common in the propane industry, we own a significant portion of the storage tanks located on our customers premises. We also deliver propane to retail customers in portable cylinders, which typically have a capacity of 5 to 35 gallons. When these cylinders are delivered to customers, empty cylinders are refilled in place or transported for replenishment at our distribution locations. We also deliver propane to certain other bulk end users in larger trucks known as transports, which have an average capacity of approximately 9,000 gallons. End users receiving transport deliveries include industrial customers, large scale heating accounts, such as local gas utilities that use propane as a supplemental fuel to meet peak load delivery requirements, and large agricultural accounts that use propane for crop drying. 
 Supply 
 Our propane supply is purchased from approximately 40 wholesalers at approximately 160 supply points located throughout the United States and Canada. We make purchases primarily under one-year agreements that are subject to annual renewal, and also purchase propane on the spot market. Supply contracts generally provide for pricing in accordance with posted prices at the time of delivery or the current prices established at major storage points, and some contracts include a pricing formula that typically is based on prevailing market prices. Some of these agreements provide maximum and minimum seasonal purchase guidelines. Propane is generally transported from refineries, pipeline terminals, storage facilities (including our storage facility in Elk Grove, California) and coastal terminals to our customer service centers by a combination of common carriers, owner operators and railroad tank cars. See Item 2 of this Annual Report. 
 Historically, supplies of propane have been readily available from our supply sources. Although we make no assurance regarding the availability of supplies of propane in the future, we currently expect to be able to secure adequate supplies during fiscal 2022. During fiscal 2021, Crestwood Equity Partners L.P. Crestwood and Targa Liquids Marketing and Trade LLC Targa provided approximately 29 and 16 of our total propane purchases, respectively. No other single supplier accounted for 10 or more of our propane purchases in fiscal 2021. The availability of our propane supply is dependent on several factors, including the severity of winter weather, the magnitude of competing demands for available supply (e.g., crop drying and exports), the availability of transportation and storage infrastructure and the price and availability of competing fuels, such as natural gas and fuel oil. We believe that if supplies from Crestwood or Targa were interrupted, we would be able to secure adequate propane supplies from other sources without a material disruption of our operations. Nevertheless, the cost of acquiring and transporting such propane might be higher and, at least on a short-term basis, our margins could be affected. Approximately 85 of our total propane purchases were from domestic suppliers in fiscal 2021. 
 We seek to reduce the effect of propane price volatility on our product costs and to help ensure the availability of propane during periods of short supply. We enter into propane forward options and swap agreements with third parties to purchase and sell propane at fixed prices in the future. These activities are monitored by our senior management through enforcement of our Hedging and Risk Management Policy. See Items 7 and 7A of this Annual Report. 
 We own and operate a large propane storage facility in Elk Grove, California. We also operate smaller storage facilities in other locations throughout the Unites States and have rights to use storage facilities in additional locations. These storage facilities enable us to buy and store large quantities of propane particularly during periods of low demand, which generally occur during the summer months. This practice helps ensure a more secure supply of propane during periods of intense demand or price instability. As of September 25, 2021, the majority of the storage capacity at our facility in Elk Grove, California was leased to third parties. 
 Competition 
 According to the US Census Bureau s 2019 American Community Survey, propane ranks as the third most important source of residential energy in the nation, with about 5 of all households using propane as their primary space heating fuel. This level has not changed materially over the previous two decades. As an energy source, propane competes primarily with natural gas, electricity and fuel oil, principally on the basis of price, availability and portability. 
 Propane is more expensive than natural gas on an equivalent British Thermal Unit BTU basis in locations serviced by natural gas, but it is an alternative or supplement to natural gas in rural and suburban areas where natural gas is unavailable or portability of product is required. Historically, the expansion of natural gas into traditional propane markets has been inhibited by the 
 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 capital costs required to expand pipeline and retail distribution systems , and in some territories, geological and activist challenges . The increasing availability of natural gas extracted from shale deposits in the United States may accelerate the extension of natural gas pipelines in the future. Although the extension of natural gas pipelines to previously unserved geographic areas tends to displace propane distribution in those areas, we believe new opportunities for propane sales may arise as new neighborhoods are developed in geographically remote areas. 
 Propane has some relative advantages over other energy sources. For example, in certain geographic areas, propane is generally less expensive to use than electricity for space heating, water heating, clothes drying and cooking. Utilization of fuel oil is geographically limited (primarily in the northeast), and even in that region, propane and fuel oil are not significant competitors because of the cost of converting from one source to the other. 
 In addition to competing with suppliers of other energy sources, our propane operations compete with other retail propane distributors. The retail propane industry is highly fragmented and competition generally occurs on a local basis with other large full-service multi-state propane marketers, thousands of smaller local independent marketers and farm cooperatives. Based on industry statistics contained in the 2019 Annual Retail Propane Sales Report , as published by the Propane Education & Research Council in December 2020, and LP/Gas Magazine dated February 2020, the ten largest retailers, including us, account for approximately 31 of total retail sales of propane in the United States. Each of our customer service centers operates in its own competitive environment because retail marketers tend to locate in close proximity to customers in order to lower the cost of providing service. Our typical customer service center has an effective marketing radius of approximately 50 miles, although in certain areas the marketing radius may be extended by one or more satellite offices. Most of our customer service centers compete with five or more marketers or distributors at any point in time. 
 Fuel Oil and Refined Fuels 
 Product Distribution and Marketing 
 We market and distribute fuel oil, kerosene, diesel fuel and gasoline to approximately 35,000 residential and commercial customers primarily in the northeast region of the United States. Sales of fuel oil and refined fuels for fiscal 2021 amounted to 24.0 million gallons. Approximately 67 of the fuel oil and refined fuels gallons sold by us in fiscal 2021 were to residential customers, principally for home heating, 7 were to commercial customers, and 7 to other users. Sales of diesel and gasoline accounted for the remaining 19 of total volumes sold in this segment during fiscal 2021. Fuel oil has a more limited use, compared to propane, and is used almost exclusively for space and water heating in residential and commercial buildings. We sell diesel fuel and gasoline to commercial and industrial customers for use primarily to operate motor vehicles. 
 Approximately 45 of our fuel oil customers receive their fuel oil under an automatic delivery system. These deliveries are scheduled through proprietary computer technology, based upon each customer s historical consumption patterns and prevailing weather conditions. Additionally, we offer our customers a budget payment plan whereby the customer s estimated annual fuel oil purchases are paid for in a series of estimated equal monthly payments over a twelve-month period. From our customer service centers, we also sell, install and service heating equipment to customers who purchase fuel oil from us. 
 Deliveries of fuel oil are usually made to customers by means of tankwagon trucks, which have capacities ranging from 2,500 gallons to 3,000 gallons. Fuel oil is pumped from the tankwagon truck into a stationary storage tank that is located on the customer s premises, which is owned by the customer. The capacity of customer storage tanks ranges from approximately 275 gallons to approximately 1,000 gallons. No single customer accounted for 10 or more of our fuel oil and refined fuels revenues during fiscal 2021. 
 Supply 
 We obtain fuel oil and other refined fuels in pipeline, truckload or tankwagon quantities, and have contracts with certain pipeline and terminal operators for the right to temporarily store fuel oil at 13 terminal facilities that we do not own. We have arrangements with certain suppliers of fuel oil, which provide open access to fuel oil at specific terminals throughout the northeast. Additionally, a portion of our purchases of fuel oil are made at local wholesale terminal racks. In most cases, the supply contracts do not establish the price of fuel oil in advance rather, prices are typically established based upon market prices at the time of delivery, plus or minus a differential for transportation and volume discounts. We purchase fuel oil from approximately 20 suppliers at approximately 45 supply points. While fuel oil supply is more susceptible to longer periods of supply constraint than propane, we believe that our supply arrangements will provide us with sufficient supply sources. Although we make no assurance regarding the availability of supplies of fuel oil in the future, we currently expect to be able to secure adequate supplies during fiscal 2022. 
 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Competition 
 The fuel oil industry is a mature industry with total demand expected to remain relatively flat to moderately declining. The fuel oil industry is highly fragmented, characterized by a large number of relatively small, independently owned and operated local distributors. We compete with other fuel oil distributors offering a broad range of services and prices, from full service distributors to those that solely offer the delivery service. We are a full-service energy provider and have developed a wide range of sales programs and service offerings for our fuel oil customer base that are intended to build customer loyalty. For instance, we provide home heating equipment repair service to our fuel oil customers on a 24-hour a day basis. The fuel oil business unit also competes for retail customers with suppliers of alternative energy sources, principally natural gas, propane and electricity. 
 Natural Gas and Electricity 
 We market natural gas and electricity through our 100 -owned subsidiary, Agway Energy Services, LLC AES ), in the deregulated markets of New York, Pennsylvania and Maryland, primarily to residential and small commercial customers. Historically, local utility companies provided their customers with all three aspects of electric and natural gas service: generation, transmission and distribution. However, under deregulation, public utility commissions in several states are licensing energy service companies, such as AES, to act as alternative suppliers of the commodity to end consumers. In essence, the local utility companies distribute electricity and natural gas on their distribution systems and we arrange for the supply of electricity or natural gas to specific delivery points. The business strategy of this segment is to expand its market share by concentrating on growth in the customer base and expansion into other deregulated markets that are considered strategic markets. 
 We serve approximately 39,000 natural gas and electricity customers in New York, Pennsylvania and Maryland. An Order from the New York Public Service Commission NY PSC regarding low income consumers went into effect in 2018 and required that all energy service companies ESCOs stop serving certain low-income consumers. As a result, AES returned approximately 7,900 of our customers to local utility service. A second order Reset Order issued by the NY PSC in 2016 attempted to impose rules that would have allowed the NY PSC to regulate ESCO pricing, which was subsequently challenged and struck down by the New York Supreme Court. On appeal, the New York State Court of Appeals issued a ruling in 2019 that held that the NY PSC cannot regulate ESCO pricing, but does have the ability to restrict an ESCO s access to the utility distribution system if the NY PSC determines that an ESCO s pricing is not just and reasonable. In December 2019, the NY PSC issued an Order that imposed product, pricing, and other requirements on ESCOs Second Reset Order ). AES was specifically and solely exempted from complying with the criteria concerning product offerings during the pendency of further rulemaking proceedings. In September 2020, the NY PSC issued another Order reaffirming the Second Reset Order, including the exemption that allows AES to maintain its existing business model in New York while rulemaking proceedings continue. Separately, the State of New York issued a State of Emergency Order in March of 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. While the New York State of Emergency Order for COVID-19 ended in June 2021, other state of emergency orders were issued in July 2021 and remain in effect. Under New York laws, telemarketers are prevented from making sales calls during states of emergency. As a result, AES halted all telemarketing sales efforts in New York in March 2020, and this condition continues to remain in effect as of the date of this Annual Report. 
 During fiscal 2021, we sold approximately 1.7 million dekatherms of natural gas and 214.9 million kilowatt hours of electricity through the natural gas and electricity segment. Approximately 87 of our customers were residential households and the remainder were small commercial and industrial customers. New accounts are obtained through numerous marketing and advertising programs, including telemarketing and direct mail initiatives. Most local utility companies have established billing service arrangements whereby customers receive a single bill from the local utility company, which includes distribution charges from the local utility company, as well as product charges for the amount of natural gas or electricity provided by AES and utilized by the customer. We have arrangements with several local utility companies that provide billing and collection services for a fee. Under these arrangements, we are paid by the local utility company for all or a portion of customer billings after a specified number of days following the customer billing with no further recourse to AES. 
 Supply of natural gas is arranged through annual supply agreements with major national wholesale suppliers. Pricing under the annual natural gas supply contracts is based on posted market prices at the time of delivery, and some contracts include a pricing formula that typically is based on prevailing market prices. The majority of our electricity requirements are purchased through the New York Independent System Operator NYISO and PJM Interconnection PJM under annual supply agreements, as well as purchase arrangements through other national wholesale suppliers on the open market. Electricity pricing under the NYISO and PJM agreements are based on local market indices at the time of delivery. Competition is primarily with local utility companies, as well as other marketers of natural gas and electricity providing similar alternatives as AES. 
 All Other 
 We sell, install and service various types of whole-house heating products, air cleaners, humidifiers and space heaters to the customers of our propane, fuel oil, natural gas and electricity businesses. Our supply needs are filled through supply arrangements 
 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 with several large regional equipment manufacturers and distribution companies. Competition in this business is primarily with small, local heating and ventilation providers and contractors, as well as, to a lesser extent, other regional service providers. The focus of our ongoing service offerings are in support of the service needs of our existing customer base within our propane, refined fuels and natural gas and electricity business segments. Additionally, we have entered into arrangements with third-party service providers to complement and, in certain instances, supplement our existing service capabilities. 
 Seasonality 
 The retail propane and fuel oil distribution businesses, as well as the natural gas marketing business, are seasonal because the primary use of these fuels is for heating residential and commercial buildings. Historically, approximately two thirds of our retail propane volume is sold during the six-month peak heating season from October through March. The fuel oil business tends to experience greater seasonality given its more limited use for space heating, and approximately three-fourths of our fuel oil volumes are sold between October and March. Consequently, sales and operating profits are concentrated in our first and second fiscal quarters. Cash flows from operations, therefore, are greatest during the second and third fiscal quarters when customers pay for product purchased during the winter heating season. We expect lower operating profits and either net losses or lower net income during the period from April through September (our third and fourth fiscal quarters). 
 Weather conditions have a significant impact on the demand for our products, in particular propane, fuel oil and natural gas, for both heating and agricultural purposes. Many of our customers rely on propane, fuel oil or natural gas primarily as a heating source. Accordingly, the volume sold is directly affected by the severity of the winter weather in our service areas, which can vary substantially from year to year. In any given area, sustained warmer than normal temperatures will tend to result in reduced propane, fuel oil and natural gas consumption, while sustained colder than normal temperatures will tend to result in greater consumption. 
 Trademarks and Tradenames 
 We rely primarily on a combination of trademark, trade secret and copyright laws, as well as contractual provisions with employees and third parties, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We utilize a variety of trademarks and tradenames owned by us, including Suburban Propane, and Agway Energy Services and related marks or designs incorporating such related logos such as Go Green with Suburban Propane and Energy Guard. All of the trademarks and tradenames used by Suburban Propane and Agway Energy Services are registered (or have applications pending for registration) with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. We regard our trademarks, tradenames and other proprietary rights as valuable assets and believe that they have significant value in the marketing of our products and services. 
 Government Regulation Environmental, Health and Safety Matters 
 Our operations are subject to numerous federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Generally, these laws and regulations impose limitations on the discharge of hazardous materials and pollutants and establish standards for the handling, transportation, distribution, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and solid and hazardous wastes, which may require the investigation, assessment, cleanup, or monitoring of, or compensation for, environmental impacts, including natural resource damages. Notably, these laws include the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA Clean Air Act Clean Water Act National Environmental Policy Act, and their implementing regulations, as well as comparable state laws and regulations. Additionally, there are environmental laws and regulations specific to the sale of electricity and natural gas in the retail energy market by our wholly owned subsidiary Agway Energy Services, LLC. Under the various laws and regulations to which we are subject, we must maintain various permits and comply with various monitoring and reporting requirements. 
 We own real property at locations where hazardous materials may be or may have been present as a result of prior activities. We expect that we will be required to expend funds to participate in the remediation of certain sites, including sites where we have been designated as a potentially responsible party under applicable laws and at sites with aboveground and underground fuel storage tanks. We will also incur other expenses associated with environmental compliance. We continually monitor our operations with respect to potential environmental issues, including changes in legal requirements and remediation technologies. As of September 25, 2021, we had accrued environmental liabilities of 1.9 million representing the total estimated future liability for remediation and monitoring of all of our properties. 
 Estimating the extent of our responsibility at a particular site, and the method and ultimate cost of remediation and monitoring of that site, requires making numerous assumptions. As a result, the ultimate cost to remediate and monitor any site may differ from current estimates, and will depend, in part, on whether there is additional contamination, not currently known to us, relating to that site. However, we believe that our past experience provides a reasonable basis for estimating these liabilities. As additional information becomes available, estimates are adjusted as necessary. While we do not anticipate that any such adjustment would be material to our financial statements, the result of ongoing or future environmental studies or other factors could alter this expectation 
 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 and require recording additional liabilities. We currently cannot determine whether we will incur additional environmental liabilities or the extent or amount of any such liabilities, or the extent to which such additional liabilities would be subject to any contractual indemnification protections . 
 Certain rules and procedures imposed by the National Fire Protection Association NFPA ), as well as comparable state laws and regulations, govern the safe handling of propane and establish industry standards for propane storage, distribution and equipment installation and operation in all of the states in which we operate. In some states, these laws and regulations are administered by state agencies, and in others they are administered on a municipal level. 
 The NFPA s rules and procedures, as well as comparable state laws and regulations govern the safe handling of distillates (fuel oil, kerosene and diesel fuel) and gasoline and establish industry standards for fuel oil, kerosene, diesel fuel and gasoline storage, distribution and equipment installation and operation in all of the states in which we sell those products. In some states these laws and regulations are administered by state agencies and in others they are administered on a municipal level. 
 With respect to the transportation of propane, distillates and gasoline by truck, we are subject to laws and regulations that cover the transportation of hazardous materials and are administered, respectively, by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration of the United States Department of Transportation DOT ), or comparable state agencies. We conduct ongoing training programs to help ensure that our operations are in compliance with these and other applicable safety laws and regulations. We maintain various permits that are necessary to operate our equipment and facilities, some of which may be material to our operations. In compliance with the DOT s pipeline safety regulations for jurisdictional propane systems that serve multiple customers, we provide training and written instruction for our employees, provide customers with periodic awareness notices and safety information, have established written procedures to minimize the hazards resulting from gas pipeline emergencies and keep records of inspections. 
 Our operations are subject to workplace safety standards under the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 OSHA and comparable state laws that regulate the protection of worker health and safety. Compliance with these standards is monitored through required workplace injury and illness recordkeeping, and reporting. We believe that our operations are in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable worker health and safety standards. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing the security of hazardous materials, including propane, under the Federal Homeland Security Act of 2002, as administered by the Department of Homeland Security DHS ). The DHS promulgated the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards CFATS to identify and secure chemical facilities that present the greatest security risk using a risk-based tiering structure. We have a number of facilities registered with the DHS. Currently, we have submitted all required Top-Screens as defined by DHS and have developed approved Site Security Plans for our regulated or tiered facilities. Less than 5 of our facilities are designated as tiered facilities. We expect to continue to incur minor costs associated with administrative controls and enhanced physical security measures for those tiered facilities that are subject to ongoing compliance activity. 
 The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA issued an Endangerment Finding under the Clean Air Act, determining that emissions of carbon dioxide, methane and four other greenhouse gases GHGs threaten the public health and welfare of current and future generations. Based on these findings, the EPA has begun adopting and implementing regulations to restrict emissions of GHGs from certain industries and require reporting by certain regulated facilities. While propane itself is not considered a greenhouse gas, these regulations impact both our core business, as well as the retail sale of electricity and natural gas by AES. The EPA s authority to regulate GHGs has been upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court. Changes in the EPA administration may result in the prioritization of climate change mitigation and adaptation measures and a push for significant reduction in GHG emissions. We may incur costs associated with operational changes required to comply with any such new regulations over the coming years. 
 Both Houses of the United States Congress have considered adopting legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs. While the bipartisan infrastructure bill that was signed into law in November 2021 does not impose GHG emissions reductions, it provides measures of protection against climate change disasters, including investments in clean energy. At this time, we cannot speculate as to the extent or impact of the new infrastructure law, the development of alternative energy sources or any future climate change legislation may have on our business or results of operations. 
 Regardless of what happens at the national level, numerous states and municipalities have begun to adopt laws and policies to regulate GHG emissions. These regulatory actions could require us to incur increased expenses or lost revenue. We cannot predict whether, or in what form, additional climate change laws and regulations will be enacted, and what effect such laws and regulations may have on our business, financial condition or operations in the future. These local, state, and prospective national laws and regulations have sparked a shift in our industry toward the next generation of clean energy. We are an industry leader in this regard by making strategic investments so we can be positioned to have an adequate clean energy supply as these laws and regulations become operative. For example, we have taken a 39 equity stake in Oberon, a development-stage producer of low carbon, renewable dimethyl ether rDME transportation fuel, with the goal of commercializing an rDME+propane blended product. We have also executed agreements to purchase and distribute renewable propane, which offers a low carbon emissions alternative compared to 
 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 traditional propane, gasoline or diesel. We are committed to increasing the availability of both rDME blended propane and renewable propane in the coming years. 
 The adoption of federal, state or local climate change legislation or regulatory programs to reduce emissions of GHGs could require us to incur increased capital and operating costs, with resulting impact on product price. We cannot predict whether, or in what form, climate change legislation provisions and renewable energy standards may be enacted, and what effect such regulation may have on our business, financial condition or operations in the future. In addition, a consequence of climate change is increased volatility in seasonal temperatures. It is difficult to predict how the market for our products will be affected by increased temperature volatility, or increased temperatures generally, although if there is an overall trend of unseasonably warmer temperatures in the winter months, it could adversely affect our business. 
 Future developments, such as stricter environmental, health or safety laws and regulations, could affect our operations. We do not anticipate that the cost of our compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including RCRA and CERCLA, as currently in effect and applicable to known sites will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. However, there can be no assurance that our financial condition or operations will not be materially adversely affected by future discovery of presently unknown, environmental liabilities or future environmental regulations. 
 Many of the states in which we do business have passed laws prohibiting unfair or deceptive practices in transactions between consumers and sellers of products used for residential purposes, which give the Attorney General or other officials of that state the authority to investigate alleged violations of those laws. From time to time, we receive inquiries or requests for additional information under these laws from the offices of Attorneys General or other government officials in connection with the sale of our products to residential customers. Based on information to date, and because our policies and business practices are designed to comply with all applicable laws, we do not believe that the costs or liabilities associated with such inquiries or requests will result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations however, there can be no assurance that our financial condition or results of operations may not be materially and adversely affected as a result of current or future government investigations or civil litigation derived therefrom. 
 See the Risk Factor entitled The ability of AES to acquire and retain retail natural gas and electricity customers is highly competitive, price sensitive and may be impacted by changes in state regulations for a description of certain regulatory and litigation impacts on our AES business. 
 ESG Strategy and Initiatives 
 We are committed to delivering safe, reliable, affordable, and sustainable energy solutions to our customers and local communities, and have made significant progress on our environmental, social and governance ESG initiatives, which accelerated with the launch of our Three Pillars of the Suburban Propane Experience in June 2019. The three essential pillars are: i) Go Green with Suburban Propane , ii) SuburbanCares , and iii) Suburban Commitment to Excellence . We launched this corporate initiative to emphasize our commitment to excellence for the comfort and safety of our customers, our devotion to our dedicated employees to provide for their safety and career development, our philanthropic efforts to give back to the communities we serve, our work to advocate for the inherent environmental benefits of using propane as a clean energy solution, our focus on supporting the sustainability needs of our customers and our strategic vision to invest in and develop innovative solutions to help pave the way to lowering greenhouse gas emissions. We are committed to implementing business strategies using a holistic approach to doing what is best for our customers, employees, investors, our business and the community at large. Effective ESG management for us supports our goal to create long-term value for our Unitholders and to support the interests of our other stakeholders. Our Board of Supervisors takes an active role in overseeing the management of risks facing Suburban, including those impacted by ESG issues. 
 In support of our efforts to successfully manage and grow our business, we will continue to identify ways to include more ESG initiatives in our strategies that support our customers, employees, investors, and the communities in which we serve, including initiatives that support our three-pillars strategic plan. Advancing our focus on ESG initiatives will allow for increased engagement across our business and help us to continue to identify and meet the evolving expectations of our customers, employees, investors, and other stakeholders. 
 Environmental Initiatives 
 Our Go Green with Suburban Propane corporate pillar encompasses our commitment and efforts to promote the versatile, affordable and clean-burning attributes of propane as one solution that can contribute to our customers achieving their sustainability goals and our efforts to contribute to the overall goals of reducing the nation s carbon footprint, lowering greenhouse gas emissions and having a positive effect on climate change. This pillar is supported by the tagline, Serving communities today, leading the way to a sustainable tomorrow. Recognized for its low environmental impact by the Clean Air Act Amendments, propane can offer immediate opportunities to reduce carbon emissions over other traditional fuels, particularly in the transportation sector. Propane is non-toxic, does 
 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 not produce sulfur dioxide (a primary cause of the greenhouse effect) and emits 60 to 70 fewer smog producing hydrocarbons than gasoline and diesel. Several states have implemented low carbon fuel standards that recognize the environmental benefits of using propane to power over-the-road vehicles and forklifts. Through our dedicated sales efforts, we are actively promoting the use of propane in the transportation sector to replace diesel, and for each of the last three fiscal years, we sold more than 2.7 million gallons of propane annually to the over-the-road vehicle market, which helped reduce carbon emissions annually by approximately 19 million pounds, or 55 , compared to diesel. 
 With advancements in new technologies for the production of propane from renewable sources, as well as other technological advances to reduce the carbon intensity of traditional propane, our Go Green with Suburban Propane corporate pillar also underscores our commitment to invest in innovative solutions that can contribute to a sustainable energy future. Starting in fiscal year 2020, the Partnership made great strides in advancing our strategic growth initiatives through our Go Green with Suburban Propane corporate pillar. Specifically, we contracted for the supply and distribution of approximately 1.0 million gallons annually of renewable propane, produced from waste fats and oils, to meet customer demand for a renewable energy source. In support of our long-term strategic growth initiatives to begin to build out a renewable energy platform, we acquired a 39 equity stake in Oberon Fuels, Inc. Oberon ), a development-stage producer of a low carbon renewable dimethyl either rDME transportation fuel, which can be produced from renewable sources such as timber waste from the paper and pulp industry or dairy manure from the farming industry. The Partnership will have the exclusive rights to market and sell rDME in North America, and is collaborating with the Oberon management team to commercialize rDME as a solution toward a pathway to zero emission transportation in one of three applications for rDME, either as: (i) a diesel replacement, (ii) a hydrogen carrier, or (iii) a blend with propane, or renewable propane, to reduce its carbon intensity. 
 In further support of the Partnership s efforts to advance its Go Green with Suburban Propane corporate initiative, we have officially registered the Go Green with Suburban Propane logo with the United States Patent and Trademark office. As part of our commitment to innovating for a sustainable energy future, and in support of our strategic growth initiatives to build out a renewable energy platform, the Partnership also created a new executive-level position (reporting directly to our President and Chief Executive Officer) entitled Vice President, Strategic Initiatives Renewable Energy. This new position focuses on identifying, analyzing and developing opportunities within the renewable energy space for potential future acquisitions, partnerships or collaborative arrangements that support the Partnership s efforts to grow its overall business through investment in, and development of, innovative solutions that will help pave the way to lowering greenhouse gas emissions. 
 We present information about our commitment to sustainable and environmentally sound practices on the Go Green page on our website, which may be accessed at www.suburbanpropane.com/suburban-propane-experience/go-green . The information included on our Go Green page is not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K Annual Report. 
 Social Initiatives 
 The Partnership has a more than 90-year legacy of an unwavering commitment to the highest standards for safety and outstanding customer service. From our origins as a family-owned business in 1928, we have maintained a family-oriented culture with deep roots in each of the local communities we serve. Our SuburbanCares corporate pillar highlights our continued dedication to philanthropic endeavors through the Partnership s national partnership with the American Red Cross and countless local community sponsorships and events, as well as the many employee-focused initiatives that differentiate the Partnership as a great place to work. This pillar is supported by the tagline, Suburban cares about our people and the communities we serve. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021, the Partnership placed a specific focus on partnering with organizations that provide much needed assistance to women and children in underserved communities throughout our operating footprint with food, shelter, educational supplies and many other essential items. We also entered into a partnership with the United States Army s Partnership for Youth Success PaYS program, which guarantees soldiers an interview and possible employment within the Partnership upon completion of their service, and includes the Partnership in recruiting functions, community events and various outreach initiatives undertaken through the PaYS program. This year, our SuburbanCares activities were recognized by NJ Biz as a finalist for Corporate Citizen of the Year. We also expanded our efforts to support the American Red Cross, especially given the need for blood donations during the pandemic. 
 Safety 
 Embedded in our culture and the Partnership s mission statement is our commitment to safety. We believe that the safety and well-being of our employees, customers, and communities is of the utmost importance. Safety is the top priority for our business and we continue to invest in programs, technology, and training to improve safety throughout our operations. We believe that the achievement of superior safety performance is both an important short-term and long-term strategic initiative in supporting our business and managing our operations. 

10 
 
 Table of Contents 

Human Capital Management 
 Our Board, and our management, consider effective talent development and human capital management to be critical components to the Partnership s continued success. Our Board is involved in leadership development and actively oversees the Partnership s succession planning, which includes periodic reviews of our talent management strategies, leadership pipeline and succession planning for key executive positions. Our Board oversees the process of succession planning and the Compensation Committee of our Board implements programs to compensate, retain and motivate key talent. 
 In further support of our SuburbanCares corporate pillar, and our commitment to building a diverse and inclusive culture, we have developed many employee-focused initiatives to support employee career development and hiring, such as our Steer Your Career program, which encourages and supports employees to further their education and enhance their knowledge and skills to prepare them for expanded opportunities and responsibilities our Heroes Hired Here program, in which we take pride in our efforts to attract and employ military veterans in recognition and appreciation for the values, leadership, dedication and unique skills that they bring to the Partnership, and support provided to their family members and our Apprentice Program, which provides company-paid, on-the-job training for apprentices to develop their careers and provide them the necessary skills and tools to prepare them for a successful career within the Partnership. 
 Governance Initiatives 
 The Board believes that sound corporate governance practices and policies provide an important framework to assist the Board in fulfilling its duty to Unitholders. Our corporate governance practices and policies, which are periodically reassessed, are reflected in our committee charters, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and our Corporate Governance Guidelines & Principles. A copy of each is available from our website at www.suburbanpropane.com . 
 The Partnership was one of the first publicly traded partnerships to eliminate the incentive distribution rights of its general partner, which we completed in 2006. This removed the potential for conflicts of interest between our general partner and limited partners, and simplified our capital structure. The general partner of both the Partnership and our Operating Partnership is Suburban Energy Services Group LLC (the General Partner ), a Delaware limited liability company, the sole member of which is the Partnership s Chief Executive Officer. Other than as a holder of 784 Common Units that will remain in the General Partner, the General Partner does not have any economic interest in us or our Operating Partnership. Accordingly, and unlike many publicly traded partnerships, the Partnership is controlled by our Unitholders through the independently elected Board. 
 Governance Highlights 
 Several highlights that demonstrate our commitment to sound corporate governance include: 

Supervisor and Committee Independence 

o 
 
 Six of our seven Supervisors are independent, as of September 25, 2021 

o 
 
 Our Audit, Compensation and Nominating/Governance Committees are fully independent 

o 
 
 Independent Supervisors chair each of our Committees 

Board Leadership and Engagement 

o 
 
 An independent Supervisor chairs our Board 

o 
 
 Independent Supervisors conduct executive sessions at meetings without the presence of members of management 

o 
 
 Supervisors attended more than 75 of the total number of meetings of the Board and of the Committees of the Board on which such Supervisor served in fiscal 2021 

Board Evaluations and Effectiveness 

o 
 
 Our Board conducts annual self-assessments to evaluate Board and Committee effectiveness, and identify opportunities for improving our Board and Committee operations 

Clawback, Insider Trading and Anti-Hedging Policies 

o 
 
 Performance-based incentive awards or payments for our officers are subject to our Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy, which permits the Partnership to recoup incentive compensation in the event of a material restatement of financial results, or other events that negatively impact the Partnership, including fraudulent or intentional misconduct that results in an adverse impact on our financial performance 

o 
 
 Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits our Supervisors, executive officers and certain other key employees from engaging in insider trading, or in hedging transactions or derivative investments involving the Partnership s equity securities 

Share Ownership 

o 
 
 Our Equity Holding Policy establishes guidelines for the level of equity holdings in the Partnership that Supervisors and our executive officers are expected to maintain 

11 
 
 Table of Contents 

o 
 
 Supervisors are required to hold Common Units, the value of which is equivalent to 4x the cash portion of their annual retainer (including additional fees to Committee chairs) no later than the measurement date next following the second anniversary of the date upon which the Supervisor joined the Board 

o 
 
 Our CEO is required to hold Common Units, the value of which is equivalent to 5x base salary 

o 
 
 Other named executive officers are required to hold Common Units, the value of which is equivalent to 2.5x to 3x their base salary, depending upon their position 

 Board Diversity Highlights 
 Our Supervisors have extensive and diverse experience relevant to our business and strategy that enhances the knowledge of our Board and the insight that they provide the Partnership, including significant experience in the following industries: 

Retail distribution of energy and other products 

Energy infrastructure and logistics 

Chemical processing and refining 

Energy consulting 

Public policy and government relations 

Mergers and acquisitions 

Investment banking and financial management and 

Business assurance. 

 Our Supervisors also currently hold, or have held, a diverse range of leadership positions, including: 

Chairman 

President 

Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Financial Officer 

State governor 

General external auditor and 

Business owner/entrepreneur. 

 If a vacancy on our Board arises, then our Nominating/Governance Committee is instructed by its charter to consider candidates from various disciplines and diverse backgrounds that optimally enhance the current mix of talent and experience on the Board. While industry-specific expertise is an essential component of our Board s oversight of the Partnership, we consider all aspects of a candidate s qualifications and skills in the context of the Partnership s needs, with a view to creating a Board with a diversity of experience and perspectives including diversity with respect to race, gender, age, background and areas of expertise. We also benefit from the viewpoints of supervisors with expertise outside of our industry and our Nominating/Governance Committee includes, and has any search firm that it may engage include, women and minority candidates in the pool from which the Nominating/Governance Committee selects supervisor candidates. 
 Safety and Ethics Hotline 
 It is the Partnership s policy to encourage the communication of bona fide concerns relating to the lawful and ethical conduct of its business, and its audit and accounting procedures or related matters. It is also the policy of the Partnership to protect those who communicate their bona fide concerns from any retaliation for such reporting. All employees, customers, vendors and other stakeholders can communicate concerns by calling our Safety and Ethics Hotline, which is hosted by a third party to maintain confidentiality and anonymity when requested. Our senior leadership team, along with our Audit Committee, review matters reported through the Safety and Ethics Hotline. Confidential and anonymous mechanisms for reporting concerns are also available and described in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 Cybersecurity 
 The Partnership s cybersecurity program is based upon the National Institute of Standards of Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework. Our program is comprehensive in scope and covers all of the Partnership s general corporate Information Technology (IT) systems, as well as operational technology systems supporting our business. Our senior leadership team, along with our Audit Committee, receive regular and recurring program updates, metrics, and roadmaps to promote the effectiveness of the program and the 
 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 alignment with the Partnership s business objectives . Our program and controls are periodically reviewed by independent third parties to enable the Partnership to employ industry best practices. 
 Employees 
 As of September 25, 2021, we had 3,131 full time employees, of whom 573 were engaged in general and administrative activities (including fleet maintenance), 34 were engaged in transportation and product supply activities and 2,524 were customer service center employees, as well as 95 part time employees. As of September 25, 2021, 72 of our employees were represented by 8 different local chapters of labor unions. We believe that our relations with both our union and non-union employees are satisfactory. In addition, we hire temporary workers to meet peak seasonal demands. 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 

 The following is a cautionary discussion of the most significant risks, uncertainties and assumptions that we believe are significant to our business and should be considered carefully in conjunction with all of the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks described below are not an exhaustive list of all of the risks that we face. The risks described below are organized by category of risks to the Partnership, but are not necessarily listed by order of priority or materiality. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the factors described in this item could, individually or in the aggregate, cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in any forward-looking statements. Should unknown risks or uncertainties materialize or underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could materially differ from past results and/or those anticipated, estimated or projected. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions. In this case, the trading price of our Common Units could decline and you might lose part or all of the value in our Common Units. Investing in our Common Units involves a high degree of risk. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. You should carefully consider the specific risk factors set forth below as well as the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. Some factors in this section are Forward-Looking Statements. See Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements above. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted our business, as well as the operations of our customers and suppliers and may continue to impact us in the future. 
 The ongoing global spread of COVID-19, and variants thereof, and the fear that has been created and continues has resulted in significant economic uncertainty, significant declines in business and consumer confidence, negative impacts and disruptions to our operations and those of our customers and suppliers. The degree of disruption associated with the COVID-19 pandemic has been and remains difficult to predict due to many factors, including: 

the scope and uncertainty surrounding the magnitude and duration of the pandemic 

the spread and severity of the pandemic 

the availability, adoption and protection provided by vaccines 

the emergence and severity of any new COVID-19 variants 

governmental actions that have been and may continue to be imposed on businesses such as ours and 

the rate and sustainability of economic recovery after the pandemic subsides. 

13 
 
 Table of Contents 

Our operations could be negatively affected in the future if, among others, a significant number of our employees, or employees who perform critical functions, become ill and/or are quarantined as the result of exposure to COVID-19 or any related variants, or if government policies restrict the ability of our employees to perform their critical functions or require employers to impose vaccine mandates on their employees, who in turn resign or otherwise leave their positions for other businesses that are not required to impose employee vaccinations. We are also unable to predict the extent to which the pandemic may continue to impact our operations, as well as our customers and suppliers and their financial conditions. Finally, the COVID-19 pandemic may make it harder for our management to estimate the future performance of our business. The unpredictable nature and uncertainty of the current COVID-19 pandemic could also magnify and exacerbate the other risks discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. 
 Because weather conditions may adversely affect demand for propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels and natural gas, our results of operations and financial condition are vulnerable to warm winters and natural disasters. 
 Weather conditions have a significant impact on the demand for propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels and natural gas for both heating and agricultural purposes. Many of our customers rely on propane, fuel oil or natural gas primarily as a heating source. The volume of propane, fuel oil and natural gas sold is at its highest during the six-month peak heating season of October through March and is directly affected by the severity and length of the winter months. Typically, we sell approximately two-thirds of our retail propane volume and approximately three-fourths of our retail fuel oil volume during the peak heating season. Weather conditions can vary substantially from year to year in the regions in which we operate, which could significantly impact the demand for our products and our financial performance and condition. The agricultural demand for propane is also affected by the weather, as dry or warm weather during the harvest season may reduce the demand for propane used in some crop drying applications for which we service. 
 Actual weather conditions can vary substantially from year to year, significantly affecting our financial performance. For example, average temperatures in our service territories were 10 , 10 and 6 warmer than normal for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, respectively, as measured by the number of heating degree days reported by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration NOAA ). Furthermore, variations in weather in one or more regions in which we operate can significantly affect the total volume of propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels and natural gas we sell and, consequently, our results of operations. Variations in the weather in the northeast, where we have a greater concentration of propane accounts and substantially all of our fuel oil and natural gas operations, generally have a greater impact on our operations than variations in the weather in other regions. We can give no assurance that the weather conditions in any quarter or year will not have a material adverse effect on our operations, or that our available cash will be sufficient to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness and distributions to Unitholders. 
 If the frequency or magnitude of significant weather conditions or natural disasters such as floods, droughts, wildfires, hurricanes, blizzards or earthquakes increase, as a result of climate change or for other reasons, our results of operations and our financial performance could be negatively impacted by the extent of damage to our facilities or to our customers residential homes and business structures, or of disruption to the supply or delivery of the products we sell. 
 Deterioration of general economic conditions have harmed and could continue to harm our business and results of operations. 
 Our business and results of operations have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by changes in national or global economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, availability of capital markets, consumer spending rates, unemployment rates, energy availability and costs, the negative impacts caused by pandemics and public health crises (including the COVID-19 pandemic), and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. 
 Volatility in financial markets and deterioration of national and global economic conditions have impacted, and may again impact, our business and operations in a variety of ways, including as follows: 

certain of our commercial, industrial and governmental customers who have temporarily curtailed or suspended operations in light of the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to do so or reinstitute such efforts 

while 2020 and 2021 operating results were favorably impacted by increased usage of our products and services by certain of our residential customers as a result of COVID-19 stay at home and quarantine mandates, such usage levels were higher than usual for our operations and may not continue, or could be reduced in the future, to the extent our residential customers return to a more traditional work environment, or experience a decreased use of our products and services in the future 

our customers may reduce their discretionary spending, or may forego certain purchases altogether, during economic downturns, and may reduce or delay their payments for our products as a result of significant unemployment or an inability to operate or make payments due to COVID-19 

14 
 
 Table of Contents 

while we have seen some improvements in the economy generally, if volatile or negative economic conditions continue to impact our customers, it could lead to increases in customer payment default rates and/or related challenges in collecting on accounts receivable 

if a significant percentage of our workforce is unable to work, including because of illness or travel or government restrictions in connection with COVID-19, our operations may be negatively impacted 

decreased demand in the residential, commercial, industrial, government, agricultural or wholesale markets (including due to COVID-19) may adversely affect our propane, fuel oil and refined fuels, and natural gas and electricity businesses 

volatility in commodity and other input costs could substantially impact our result of operations 

if our indebtedness increases, or our consolidated EBITDA declines, it could adversely affect our liquidity and lead to increased risks of default under our credit agreement and 

it may become more costly or difficult to obtain debt or equity financing to fund investment opportunities, or to refinance our debt in the future, in each case on terms and within a time period acceptable to us. 

 Disruption of our supply chain could have an adverse impact on our business and our operating results. 
 Damage or disruption to our supply chain, including third-party production or transportation and distribution capabilities, due to weather, including any potential effects of climate change, natural disasters, fires or explosions, terrorism, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise), strikes, government action, economic and operational considerations of producers and refineries, or other reasons beyond our control or the control of our suppliers and business partners, could impair our ability to acquire sufficient supplies of the products we sell. 
 We have actively monitored and managed supply chain and logistical (including transport) issues to the extent needed as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and its potential impact on our supply chain and the overall global supply chain. Although we source our propane, fuel oil and refined fuels, and natural gas from a broad group of suppliers, restrictions on businesses or volatility in the economy or supply chain resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic could otherwise cause global supply, logistics and transport of these fuels to become constrained, which may cause the price to increase and/or adversely affect our ability to acquire adequate supplies to meet customer demand. The disruptions to the global economy in 2020 and into 2021 have impeded global supply chains, resulting in longer lead times and increased freight expenses in general. We have taken steps to minimize the impact of these increased costs by working closely with our suppliers and customers, and strategically managing our purchasing functions and logistics in delivering our products and services. Despite the actions we have undertaken to minimize the impacts from disruptions to the global economy, there can be no assurances that unforeseen future events in the global supply chain, our ability to deliver our products and services or the costs associated therewith, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Sudden increases in our costs to acquire and transport propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels and natural gas due to, among other things, our inability to obtain adequate supplies from our usual suppliers, or our inability to obtain adequate supplies of such products from alternative suppliers, may adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our profitability in the retail propane, fuel oil and refined fuels and natural gas businesses is largely dependent on the difference between our costs to acquire and transport product, and retail sales price. Propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels and natural gas are commodities, and the availability of those products, and the unit prices we need to pay to acquire and transport those products, are subject to volatile changes in response to changes in production and supply or other market conditions over which we have no control, including the severity and length of winter weather, natural disasters, the price and availability of competing alternative energy sources, competing demands for the products (including for export) and infrastructure (including highway, rail, pipeline and refinery) constraints, or delays in shipping availability, backlogs at shipping ports or other points of entry, and lack of available trucking or other shipping means. Our supply of these products from our usual sources may be interrupted due to these and other reasons that are beyond our control, necessitating the transportation of product, if it is available at all, by truck, rail car or other means from other suppliers in other areas, with resulting delay in receipt and delivery to customers and increased expense. As a result, our costs of acquiring and transporting alternative supplies of these products to our facilities may be materially higher at least on a short-term basis. Because we may not be able to pass on to our customers immediately, or in full, all increases in our wholesale and transportation costs of propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels and natural gas, these increases could reduce our profitability. In addition, our inability to obtain sufficient supplies of propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels and natural gas in order for us to fully meet customer demand for these products on a timely basis could adversely affect our revenues, and consequently our profitability. 
 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In general, product supply contracts permit suppliers to charge posted prices at the time of delivery , or the current prices established at major supply points, including Mont Belvieu, Texas, and Conway, Kansas. We engage in transactions to manage the price risk associated with certain of our product costs from time to time in an attempt to reduce cost volatility and to help ensure availability of product. We can give no assurance that future increases in our costs to acquire and transport propane, fuel oil and natural gas will not have a material adverse effect on our profitability and cash flow, or that our available cash will be sufficient to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness and distributions to our Unitholders. 
 High prices for propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels and natural gas can lead to customer conservation, resulting in reduced demand for our product. 
 Prices for propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels and natural gas are subject to fluctuations in response to changes in wholesale prices and other market conditions beyond our control. Therefore, our average retail sales prices can vary significantly within a heating season, or from year to year, as wholesale prices fluctuate with propane, fuel oil and natural gas commodity market conditions. During periods with high product costs for propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels and natural gas, our selling prices generally increase. High prices can lead to customer conservation, resulting in reduced demand for our products. 
 Because of the highly competitive nature of the retail propane and fuel oil businesses, we may not be able to retain existing customers or acquire or attract new customers, which could have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. 
 The retail propane and fuel oil industries are mature and highly competitive. We expect overall demand for propane and fuel oil to be relatively flat to moderately declining over the next several years. Year-to-year industry volumes of propane and fuel oil are expected to be primarily affected by weather patterns and from competition intensifying during warmer than normal winters, as well as from the impact of a sustained higher commodity price environment on customer conservation, and the impact of perceived uncertainty about the economy on customer buying habits. 
 Propane and fuel oil compete with electricity, natural gas and other existing and future sources of energy, some of which are, or may in the future be, less costly for equivalent energy value. For example, natural gas currently is a significantly less expensive source of energy than propane and fuel oil on an equivalent BTU basis. As a result, except for some industrial and commercial applications, propane and fuel oil are generally not economically competitive with natural gas in areas where natural gas pipelines already exist. The gradual expansion of the nation s natural gas distribution systems has made natural gas available in many areas that previously depended upon propane or fuel oil. We expect this trend to continue, and, with the increasingly abundant supply of natural gas from domestic sources, perhaps accelerate. Propane and fuel oil compete to a lesser extent with each other due to the cost of converting from one source to the other. 
 In addition to competing with other sources of energy, our propane and fuel oil businesses compete with other distributors of those respective products principally on the basis of price, service and availability. Competition in the retail propane business is highly fragmented and generally occurs on a local basis with other large full-service multi-state propane marketers, thousands of smaller local independent marketers and farm cooperatives. Our fuel oil business competes with fuel oil distributors offering a broad range of services and prices, from full service distributors to those offering delivery only. In addition, our existing fuel oil customers, unlike our existing propane customers, generally own their own tanks, which can result in intensified competition for these customers. 
 As a result of the highly competitive nature of the retail propane and fuel oil businesses, our growth within these industries depends on our ability to acquire other well-run retail distributors, open new customer service centers, acquire or attract new customers and retain existing customers. We can give no assurance that we will be able to acquire other retail distributors, add new customers or retain existing customers. 
 Energy efficiency, general economic conditions and technological advances have affected and may continue to affect demand for propane and fuel oil by our retail customers. 
 The national trend toward increased conservation and technological advances, including installation of improved insulation and other advancements in building materials, as well as the development of more efficient furnaces and other heating and energy sources, has adversely affected the demand for propane and fuel oil by our retail customers which, in turn, has resulted in lower sales volumes to our customers. In addition, perceived uncertainty about the economy may lead to additional conservation by retail customers seeking to further reduce their heating costs, particularly during periods of sustained higher commodity prices. Future technological advances in heating, conservation and energy generation and continued economic weakness may adversely affect our volumes sold, which, in turn, may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Current conditions in the global capital and credit markets, and general economic pressures, may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 Our business and operating results are materially affected by worldwide economic conditions. Conditions in the global capital and credit markets, as well as general economic pressures, could impact consumer and/or business confidence and increase market volatility, which could negatively affect business activity generally. This situation, especially when coupled with increasing energy prices, may cause our customers to experience cash flow shortages which in turn may lead to delayed or cancelled plans to purchase our products, and affect the ability of our customers to pay for our products. In addition, any disruptions in the U.S. residential mortgage market (as a result of changes in tax laws or otherwise) and the rate of mortgage foreclosures may adversely affect retail customer demand for our products (in particular, products used for home heating and home comfort equipment) and our business and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to attract and retain qualified employees or find, develop and retain key employees to support and grow our business, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Like most companies in the markets in which we operate, we are continuously challenged in attracting, developing and retaining a sufficient number of employees to operate our businesses throughout our operating geographies, particularly with regard to our driver and technician positions. Our industry in general, as well as the overall trucking industry, is currently experiencing a shortage of qualified drivers and technicians that is exacerbated by several factors, including: 

an overall market where high driver turnover exists due to an increased number of alternative employment opportunities 

increased competition for drivers and technicians in the industry, which impacts compensation for those positions 

a changing workforce demographic with a lack of younger employees who are qualified to join or replace aging drivers and technicians as they retire and 

ongoing COVID-19 related issues that negatively impact employee retention, turnover rates and eligible candidate pools for key positions such as our drivers and technicians. 

 We may also have difficulty recruiting and retaining new employees beyond our driver and technician positions with adequate qualifications and experience. The challenge of hiring new employees at times is further exacerbated by the rural nature of our business, which provides for a smaller pool of skilled employee candidates who meet our hiring criteria and the licensing and qualification requirements that may exist for certain types of positions such as our driver and technician positions. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain a sufficient number of new employees or retain existing employees with the technical skills upon which our business depends, we may be forced to adjust our compensation packages to pay higher wages, or offer other benefits that might impact our cost of labor, or force us at times to operate with fewer employees and face difficulties in meeting delivery demands for our customers, any of which could adversely affect our profitability and results of operations. 
 We are dependent on our senior management and other key personnel. 
 Our success depends on our senior management team and other key personnel with technical skills upon which our business depends and our ability to effectively identify, attract, retain and motivate high quality employees, and replace those who retire or resign. We believe that we have an experienced and highly qualified senior management team and the loss of service of any one or more of these key personnel could have a significant adverse impact on our operations and our future profitability. Failure to retain and motivate our senior management team and to hire, retain and develop other important personnel could generally impact other levels of our management and operations, ability to execute our strategies and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 The risk of terrorism, political unrest and the current hostilities in the Middle East or other energy producing regions may adversely affect the economy and the price and availability of propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels and natural gas. 
 Terrorist attacks, political unrest and hostilities in the Middle East or other energy producing regions could likely lead to increased volatility in the price and availability of propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels and natural gas, as well as our results of operations, our ability to raise capital and our future growth. The impact that the foregoing may have on our industry in general, and on us in particular, is not known at this time. An act of terror could result in disruptions of crude oil or natural gas supplies and markets (the sources of propane and fuel oil), and our infrastructure facilities could be direct or indirect targets. Terrorist activity may also hinder our ability to transport propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels if our means of supply transportation, such as rail or pipeline, become damaged as a result of an attack. A lower level of economic activity could result in a decline in energy consumption, which could adversely impact our revenues or restrict our future growth. Instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism could also affect our ability to raise capital. We have opted to purchase insurance coverage for terrorist acts within our property and casualty insurance programs, but we can give no assurance that our insurance coverage will be adequate to fully compensate us for any losses to our business or property resulting from terrorist acts. 
 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by governmental regulation and associated environmental and health and safety costs. 
 Our business is subject to a wide and ever-increasing range of federal, state and local laws and regulations related to environmental, health and safety matters including those concerning, among other things, the investigation and remediation of contaminated soil, groundwater and other environmental resources, the transportation of hazardous materials and guidelines and other mandates with regard to the health and safety of our employees and customers. These requirements are complex, changing and tend to become more stringent over time. In addition, we are required to maintain various permits that are necessary to operate our facilities and equipment, some of which are material to our operations. There can be no assurance that we have been, or will be, at all times in complete compliance with all legal, regulatory and permitting requirements or that we will not incur significant costs in the future relating to such requirements. Violations could result in penalties, or the curtailment or cessation of operations. 
 Moreover, currently unknown environmental issues, such as the discovery of contamination, could result in significant expenditures, including the need to comply with future changes to environmental laws and regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof. Such expenditures, if required, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The ability of AES to acquire and retain retail natural gas and electricity customers is highly competitive, price sensitive and may be impacted by changes in state regulations. 
 The deregulated retail natural gas and electricity industries in which AES participates are highly competitive. New York has instituted major new regulation of these industries, and other states have changed business rules to provide further protections to consumers. An Order from the New York Public Service Commission NY PSC regarding low income consumers went into effect in 2018 and required that all energy service companies ESCOs stop serving low-income consumers. As a result, AES returned approximately 7,900 of our customers to local utility service. A second order Reset Order issued by the NY PSC in 2016 attempted to impose rules that would have allowed the NY PSC to regulate ESCO pricing, which was subsequently challenged and struck down by the New York Supreme Court. On appeal, the New York State Court of Appeals issued a ruling in 2019 that held that the NY PSC cannot regulate ESCO pricing, but does have the ability to restrict an ESCO s access to the utility distribution system if the NY PSC determines that an ESCO s pricing is not just and reasonable. In December 2019, the NY PSC issued an Order that imposed product, pricing, and other requirements on ESCOs Second Reset Order ). AES was specifically and solely exempted from complying with the criteria concerning product offerings during the pendency of further rulemaking proceedings. In September 2020, the NY PSC issued another Order reaffirming the Second Reset Order, including the exemption that allows AES to maintain its existing business model in New York while rulemaking proceedings continue. 
 Separately, the State of New York issued a State of Emergency Order in March of 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. While the New York State of Emergency Order for COVID-19 ended in June 2021, other state of emergency orders were issued in July 2021 and remain in effect. Under New York laws, telemarketers are prevented from making sales calls during states of emergency. As a result, AES halted all telemarketing sales efforts in New York in March 2020, and this condition continues to remain in effect as of the date of this Annual Report. At this time, we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of the rulemaking, or the impact of such eventual outcome on AES business, but it could impact the ability of AES to acquire and retain natural gas and electricity customers. 
 These industries have also seen an increase in the number of class action lawsuits brought against retailers and relating to their pricing policies and practices. Two such lawsuits were commenced against AES in 2017 and 2018, involving New York and Pennsylvania customers. AES filed motions to dismiss both actions on procedural and substantive grounds. The United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania granted AES s motion and dismissed the plaintiff s complaint with prejudice, finding that AES did not breach its contract or defraud customers. In August of 2020, the Third Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the dismissal of plaintiff s complaint. In the New York action, the United States District Court for the Northern District of New York granted AES dismissal motion in part in October 2018, but allowed plaintiff s statutory consumer fraud and breach of contract causes of action to proceed. While AES believes the remaining claims in the New York action are devoid of merit and intends to vigorously defend itself in the matter, we are unable to predict at this time the ultimate outcome of the New York action. However, if we are ultimately unable to successfully defend our AES business in this class action lawsuit, a decision rendered against AES could have an adverse impact on our business and operations. 
 Costs associated with lawsuits, investigations or increases in legal reserves that we establish based on our assessment of contingent liabilities could adversely affect our operating results to the extent not covered by insurance. 
 Our operations expose us to various claims, lawsuits and other legal proceedings that arise in and outside of the ordinary course of our business. We may be subject to complaints and/or litigation involving our customers, employees and others with whom we conduct business, including claims for bodily injury, death and property damage related to operating hazards and risks normally associated with handling, storing and delivering combustible liquids such as propane, fuel oil and other refined fuels or claims based 
 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 on allegations of discrimination, wage and hourly pay disputes, and various other claims as a result of other aspects of our business . We could be subject to substantial costs and/or adverse outcomes from such complaints or litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 From time to time, our Partnership and/or other companies in the segments in which we operate may be reviewed or investigated by government regulators, which could lead to tax assessments, enforcement actions, fines and penalties or the assertion of private litigation claims. It is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of claims, investigations and lawsuits, and we could in the future incur judgments, taxes, fines or penalties, or enter into settlements of lawsuits or claims that could have an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We are self-insured for general and product, workers compensation and automobile liabilities up to predetermined amounts above which third-party insurance applies. We cannot guarantee that our insurance will be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to potential future claims for personal injury and property damage or that these levels of insurance will be available at economical prices, or that all legal matters that arise will be covered by our insurance programs. 
 As required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), we establish reserves based on our assessment of actual or potential loss contingencies, including contingencies related to legal claims asserted against us. Subsequent developments may affect our assessment and estimates of such loss contingencies and require us to make payments in excess of our reserves, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 If we are unable to make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms or effectively integrate such acquisitions into our operations, our financial performance may be adversely affected. 
 The retail propane and fuel oil industries are mature. We expect overall demand for propane and fuel oil to be relatively flat to moderately declining over the next several years. With respect to our retail propane business, it may be difficult for us to increase our aggregate number of retail propane customers except through acquisitions. As a result, we may engage in strategic transactions involving the acquisition of, or investment in, other retail propane and fuel oil distributors, other energy-related businesses or other related cross-functional lines of business. The competition for these acquisitions is intense and we can make no assurance that we will be able to successfully acquire other businesses on economically acceptable terms or, if we do, that we can integrate the operations of acquired businesses effectively or to realize the expected benefits of such transactions within the anticipated timeframe, or at all, such as cost savings, synergies, sales and growth opportunities. In addition, the integration of an acquired business may result in material unanticipated challenges, expenses, liabilities or competitive responses, including: 

a failure to implement our strategy for a particular strategic transaction, including successfully integrating the acquired business into our existing infrastructure, or a failure to realize value from a strategic investment 

inconsistencies between our standards, procedures and policies and those of the acquired business 

costs or inefficiencies associated with the integration of our operational and administrative systems 

an increased scope and complexity of our operations which could require significant attention from management and could impose constraints on our operations or other projects 

unforeseen expenses, delays or conditions, including required regulatory or other third-party approvals or consents, or provisions in contracts with third parties that could limit our flexibility to take certain actions 

an inability to retain the customers, employees, suppliers and/or business partners of the acquired business or generate new customers or revenue opportunities through a strategic transaction 

the costs of compliance with local laws and regulations and the implementation of compliance processes, as well as the assumption of unexpected liabilities, litigation, penalties or other enforcement actions and 

higher than expected costs arising due to unforeseen changes in tax, trade, environmental, labor, safety, payroll or pension policies. 

 Any one of these factors could result in delays, increased costs or decreases in the amount of expected revenues related to combining the businesses or derived from a strategic transaction and could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. 
 The adoption of climate change legislation could negatively impact our operations and result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the products and services we provide. 
 The EPA issued an Endangerment Finding under the federal Clean Air Act, which determined that emissions of GHGs, such as carbon dioxide, present an endangerment to public health and the environment because emissions of such gases may be contributing to the warming of the earth s atmosphere, volatility in seasonal temperatures, increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic changes. Based on these findings, the EPA has begun adopting and implementing regulations to restrict emissions of GHGs from certain industries and require reporting by certain regulated facilities. The EPA s authority to regulate GHGs has been upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court. The new presidential administration has appointed new leadership at the EPA that is expected to 
 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 result in the prioritization of climate change mitigation and adaptation measures and a push for significant reduction in GHG emissions. 
 Both Houses of the United States Congress also have considered adopting legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs. While the bipartisan infrastructure bill that was signed into law in November 2021 does not impose GHG emissions reductions, it provides measures of protection against climate change disasters, including investments in clean energy. Although Congress has not yet enacted comprehensive federal legislation to address climate change, numerous states and municipalities have adopted laws and policies on climate change and GHG emission reduction targets. For example, in July 2019, the Climate Leadership and Community Protection Act was signed into law in New York, establishing a statewide climate action framework which includes a target to reduce net greenhouse gas emissions to zero by 2050. 
 While propane is considered a clean alternative source of energy, and demand for propane may increase over other non-renewable sources of energy if new climate change legislation is enacted, the adoption of federal, state or local climate change legislation or regulatory programs to reduce emissions of GHGs could require us to incur increased capital and operating costs, with resulting impact on product price and demand. We cannot predict whether, when or in what form climate change legislation provisions and renewable energy standards may be enacted and what the impact of any such legislation or standards may have on our business, financial conditions or operations in the future. In addition, a possible consequence of climate change is increased volatility in seasonal temperatures. It is difficult to predict how the market for our fuels would be affected by increased temperature volatility, although if there is an overall trend of warmer winter temperatures, it could adversely affect our business. 
 Our use of derivative contracts involves credit and regulatory risk and may expose us to financial loss. 
 From time to time, we enter into hedging transactions to reduce our business risks arising from fluctuations in commodity prices and interest rates. Hedging transactions expose us to risk of financial loss in some circumstances, including if the other party to the contract defaults on its obligations to us or if there is a change in the expected differential between the price of the underlying commodity or financial metric provided in the hedging agreement and the actual amount received. Transactional, margin, capital, recordkeeping, reporting, clearing and other requirements imposed on parties to derivatives transactions as a result of legislation and related rulemaking may increase our operational and transactional cost of entering into and maintaining derivatives contracts and may adversely affect the number and/or creditworthiness of derivatives counterparties available to us. If we were to reduce our use of derivatives as a result of regulatory burdens or otherwise, our results of operations could become more volatile and our cash flow could be less predictable. 
 We face risks related to our reliance on particular management information systems and communication networks to effectively manage all aspects of our delivery of propane. 
 We depend heavily on the performance and availability of our management information systems, websites and network infrastructure to attract and retain customers, process orders, manage inventory and accounts receivable collections, maintain distributor and customer information, maintain cost-efficient operations, assist in delivering our products on a timely basis and otherwise conduct our business. We have centralized our information systems and we rely on third-party communications service and system providers to provide technology services and link our systems with the business locations these systems were designed to serve. Any failure or disruption in the availability or operation of those management information systems, loss of employees knowledgeable about such systems, termination of our relationship with one or more of these key third-party providers or failure to continue to modify such systems effectively as our business expands could create negative publicity that damages our reputation or otherwise adversely impact our ability to manage our business effectively. We may experience system interruptions or disruptions for a variety of reasons, including as the result of network failures, power outages, cyber-attacks, employee errors, software errors, an unusually high volume of visitors attempting to access our systems, or localized conditions such as fire, explosions or power outages or broader geographic events such as earthquakes, storms, floods, epidemics, strikes, acts of war, civil unrest or terrorist acts. Because we are dependent in part on independent third parties for the implementation and maintenance of certain aspects of our systems and because some of the causes of system interruptions may be outside of our control, we may not be able to remedy such interruptions in a timely manner, or at all. Our systems business continuity plans and insurance programs seek to mitigate such risks, but they cannot fully eliminate the risks as a failure or disruption could be experienced in any of our information systems. 
 We face risks related to cybersecurity breaches of our systems and information technology. 
 Cybersecurity threats to network and data security are becoming increasingly diverse and sophisticated. As threats become more frequent, intense and sophisticated, the costs of proactive defensive measures may increase as we seek to continue to protect our management information systems, websites and network. Third parties may have the technology or expertise to breach the security that we use to protect our customer transaction data and our security measures may not prevent physical security or cybersecurity 
 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 breaches, which could result in s ignificant harm to our business, our reputation or our results of operations. We rely on encryption and/or authentication technology licensed from and, at times, administered by independent third parties to secure transmission of confidential information, including personally identifiable infor mation. Our outsourcing agreements with these third-party service providers generally require that they utilize adequate security systems to protect our confidential information . However, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other cybersecurity developments could render our security systems and information technology, or those used by our third-party service providers, vulnerable to a breach. In addition, anyone who is able to circumvent our security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions in our operations. Risks of cybersecurity incidents caused by malicious third parties using sophisticated, targeted methods to circumvent firewalls, encryption, and other security defenses, could include hacking, viruses, malicious software, ransomware, phishing attacks, denial of service attacks and other attempts to capture, disrupt or gain unauthorized access to data are rapidly evolving and could lead to disruptions in our management information systems, websites or other data processing systems , unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information or corruption of data. The techniques used by third parties change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. In addition, dependence upon automated systems may further increase the risk that operational system flaws, employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect or recoup. To the extent customer data is hacked or misappropriated, we could be subject to liability to affected persons. Any successful efforts by individuals to infiltrate, break into, disrupt, damage or otherwise steal from us or our third-party service providers security or information systems could damage our reputation and expose us to increased costs, litigation or other liability that could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDEBTEDNESS AND ACCESS TO CAPITAL 
 We face risks related to our current and future debt obligations that may limit our ability to make distributions to Unitholders, as well as our financial flexibility. 
 As of September 25, 2021, our long-term debt consisted of 350.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.875 senior notes due March 1, 2027, 650.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.0 senior notes due June 1, 2031 and 132.0 million outstanding under our 500.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility. The payment of principal and interest on our debt will reduce the cash available to make distributions on our Common Units. In addition, we will not be able to make any distributions to holders of our Common Units if there is, or after giving effect to such distribution, there would be, an event of default under the indentures governing the senior notes or the senior secured revolving credit facility. The amount of distributions that we may make to holders of our Common Units is limited by the senior notes, and the amount of distributions that the Operating Partnership may make to us is limited by our revolving credit facility. 
 The revolving credit facility and the senior notes both contain various restrictive and affirmative covenants applicable to us, the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, respectively, including (i) restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, and (ii) restrictions on certain liens, investments, guarantees, loans, advances, payments, mergers, consolidations, distributions, sales of assets and other transactions. The revolving credit facility contains certain financial covenants: 

requiring our consolidated interest coverage ratio, as defined, to be not less than 2.5 to 1.0 as of the end of any fiscal quarter 

prohibiting our total consolidated leverage ratio, as defined, from being greater than 5.75 to 1.0 as of the end of any fiscal quarter 

prohibiting the senior secured consolidated leverage ratio, as defined, of the Operating Partnership from being greater than 3.25 to 1.0 as of the end of any fiscal quarter. 

 Under the indentures governing the senior notes, we are generally permitted to make cash distributions equal to available cash, as defined, as of the end of the immediately preceding quarter, if no event of default exists or would exist upon making such distributions, and our consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio, as defined, is greater than 1.75 to 1. We and the Operating Partnership were in compliance with all covenants and terms of the senior notes and the revolving credit facility as of September 25, 2021. 
 The amount and terms of our debt may also adversely affect our ability to finance future operations and capital needs, limit our ability to pursue acquisitions and other business opportunities and make our results of operations more susceptible to adverse economic and industry conditions. In addition to our outstanding indebtedness, we may in the future require additional debt to finance acquisitions or for general business purposes however, credit market conditions may impact our ability to access such financing. If we are unable to access needed financing or to generate sufficient cash from operations, we may be required to abandon certain projects or curtail capital expenditures. Additional debt, where it is available, could result in an increase in our leverage. Our ability to make principal and interest payments depends on our future performance, which is subject to many factors, some of which are beyond our control. As interest expense increases (whether due to an increase in interest rates and/or the size of aggregate outstanding 
 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 debt), our ability to fund distributions on our Common Units may be impacted, depending on the level of revenue generation, which is not assured. 
 Our operating results and ability to generate sufficient cash flow to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness, and to pay distributions to Unitholders, may be affected by our ability to continue to control expenses. 
 The propane and fuel oil industries are mature and highly fragmented with competition from other multi-state marketers and thousands of smaller local independent marketers. Demand for propane and fuel oil is expected to be affected by many factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to, the severity and length of weather conditions during the peak heating season, customer energy conservation driven by high energy costs and other economic factors, as well as technological advances impacting energy efficiency. Accordingly, our propane and fuel oil sales volumes and related gross margins may be negatively affected by these factors beyond our control. Our operating profits and ability to generate sufficient cash flow may depend on our ability to continue to control expenses in line with sales volumes. We can give no assurance that we will be able to continue to control expenses to the extent necessary to reduce any negative impact on our profitability and cash flow from these factors. 
 Disruptions in the capital and credit markets, including the availability and cost of debt and equity issuances for liquidity requirements, may adversely affect our ability to meet long-term commitments and our ability to hedge effectively, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We rely on our ability to access the capital and credit markets at rates and terms reasonable to us. A disruption in the capital and credit markets or increased volatility could impair our ability to access capital and credit markets at rates and terms acceptable to us or not at all. This could limit our ability to refinance long-term debt at or in advance of maturities or could force us to access capital and credit markets at rates or terms normally considered to be unreasonable. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON UNITS 
 Cash distributions are not guaranteed and may fluctuate with our performance and other external factors. 
 Cash distributions on our Common Units are not guaranteed, and depend primarily on our cash flow and our cash on hand. Because they are not directly dependent on profitability, which is affected by non-cash items, our cash distributions might be made during periods when we record losses and might not be made during periods when we record profits. 
 The amount of cash we generate may fluctuate based on our performance and other factors, including: 

the impact of the risks inherent in our business operations, as described above 

required principal and interest payments on our debt and restrictions contained in our debt instruments 

issuances of debt and equity securities 

our ability to control expenses 

fluctuations in working capital 

capital expenditures and 

financial, business and other factors, a number of which may be beyond our control. 

 Our Partnership Agreement gives our Board of Supervisors broad discretion in establishing cash reserves for, among other things, the proper conduct of our business. These cash reserves will affect the amount of cash available for distributions. 
 Unitholders have limited voting rights. 
 A Board of Supervisors governs our operations. Unitholders have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business, including the right to elect the members of our Board of Supervisors every three years and the right to vote on the removal of the general partner. 
 
 It may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be beneficial to our Unitholders. 
 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Some provisions of our Partnership Agreement may discourage, delay or prevent third parties from acquiring us, even if doing so would be beneficial to our Unitholders. For example, our Partnership Agreement contains a provision, based on Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, that generally prohibits us from engaging in a business combination with a 15 or greater Unitholder for a period of three years following the date that person or entity acquired at least 15 of our outstanding Common Units, unless certain exceptions apply. Additionally, our Partnership Agreement sets forth advance notice procedures for a Unitholder to nominate a Supervisor to stand for election, which procedures may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of Supervisors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Partnership. These nomination procedures may not be revised or repealed, and inconsistent provisions may not be adopted, without the approval of the holders of at least 66-2/3 of the outstanding Common Units. These provisions may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by our Board of Supervisors, including discouraging attempts that might result in a premium over the market price of the Common Units held by our Unitholders. 
 Unitholders may not have limited liability in some circumstances. 
 A number of states have not clearly established limitations on the liabilities of limited partners for the obligations of a limited partnership. Our Unitholders might be held liable for our obligations as if they were general partners if: 

a court or government agency determined that we were conducting business in the state but had not complied with the state s limited partnership statute or 

Unitholders rights to act together to remove or replace the General Partner or take other actions under our Partnership Agreement are deemed to constitute participation in the control of our business for purposes of the state s limited partnership statute. 

 Unitholders may have liability to repay distributions. 
 Unitholders will not be liable for assessments in addition to their initial capital investment in the Common Units. Under specific circumstances, however, Unitholders may have to repay to us amounts wrongfully returned or distributed to them. Under Delaware law, we may not make a distribution to Unitholders if the distribution causes our liabilities to exceed the fair value of our assets. Liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interests and nonrecourse liabilities are not counted for purposes of determining whether a distribution is permitted. Delaware law provides that a limited partner who receives a distribution of this kind and knew at the time of the distribution that the distribution violated Delaware law will be liable to the limited partnership for the distribution amount for three years from the distribution date. Under Delaware law, an assignee who becomes a substituted limited partner of a limited partnership is liable for the obligations of the assignor to make contributions to the partnership. However, such an assignee is not obligated for liabilities unknown to him at the time he or she became a limited partner if the liabilities could not be determined from the partnership agreement. 
 Our limited partner interest and Unitholders percentage of ownership may be diluted in the future and additional taxable income may be allocated to each Unitholder. 
 Our Partnership Agreement generally allows us to issue additional limited partner interests and other equity securities without the approval of our Unitholders. Therefore, when we issue additional Common Units or securities ranking above or on a parity with the Common Units, each Unitholder s partnership interest will be diluted proportionately, and the amount of cash distributed on each Common Unit and the market price of Common Units could decrease. Similarly, our Unitholders percentage of ownership may be diluted in the future due to equity issuances or equity awards that we have granted or will grant to our supervisors, officers and employees. In addition, we have engaged in and may continue to undertake acquisitions financed in part through public or private offerings of securities, or other arrangements. The issuance of additional Common Units will also diminish the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding Common Unit. In addition, the issuance of additional Common Units, or other equity securities, will, over time, result in the allocation of additional taxable income, representing built-in gains at the time of the new issuance, to those Unitholders that existed prior to the new issuance. 
 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 TAX RISKS TO OUR UNITHOLDERS 
 Our tax treatment depends on our status as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Internal Revenue Service IRS could treat us as a corporation, which would substantially reduce the cash available for distribution to Unitholders. 
 The anticipated after-tax economic benefit of an investment in our Common Units depends largely on our being treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If less than 90 of the gross income of a publicly traded partnership, such as Suburban Propane Partners, L.P., for any taxable year is qualifying income within the meaning of Section 7704 of the Internal Revenue Code, that partnership will be taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes for that taxable year and all subsequent years. 
 If we were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then we would pay U.S. federal income tax on our net income at the corporate tax rate, which is currently a maximum of 21 , and would likely pay additional state and local income and franchise tax at varying rates. Because a tax would be imposed upon us as a corporation, our cash available for distribution to Unitholders would be substantially reduced. Treatment of us as a corporation would result in a material reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to Unitholders and thus would likely result in a substantial reduction in the value of our Common Units. 
 The tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or an investment in our Common Units could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes and differing interpretations thereof, possibly on a retroactive basis. 
 The present U.S. federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including Suburban Propane Partners, L.P., or an investment in our Common Units may be modified by legislative, judicial or administrative changes and differing interpretations thereof at any time. Any modification to the U.S. federal income tax laws or interpretations thereof may or may not be applied retroactively. Moreover, any such modification could make it more difficult or impossible for us to meet the exception that allows publicly traded partnerships that generate qualifying income to be treated as partnerships (rather than as corporations) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, affect or cause us to change our business activities, or affect the tax consequences of an investment in our Common Units. 
 In addition, because of widespread state budget deficits and other reasons, several states are evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity-level taxation through the imposition of state income, franchise and other forms of taxation. 
 If the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns for tax years beginning after 2017, it (and some states) may collect any resulting taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) directly from the Partnership, in which case cash available to service debt or to pay distributions to our Unitholders, could be substantially reduced. 
 Pursuant to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, if the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns for tax years beginning after 2017, it may collect any resulting taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) directly from us. We will generally have the ability to allocate any such tax liability to our current and former Unitholders in accordance with their interests in us during the year under audit. However, we may not be able to (or may not choose to) so allocate that tax liability, and may not be able to (or may choose not to) similarly allocate state income or similar tax liability resulting from adjustments in states in which we do business in the year under audit or in the adjustment year accordingly, our current Unitholders may bear some or all of the audit adjustment, even if such Unitholders did not own units during the tax year under audit. If we make payments of taxes, penalties and interest resulting from audit adjustments, cash available to service debt or to make distributions to our Unitholders could be reduced. 
 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 A successful IRS contest of the U.S. federal income tax positions we take may adversely affect the market for our Common Units, and the cost of any IRS contest will reduce our cash available for distribution to our Unitholders. 
 We have not requested a ruling from the IRS with respect to our treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes or any other matter affecting us. The IRS may adopt positions that differ from the positions we take. It may be necessary to resort to administrative or court proceedings to sustain some or all of the positions we take. A court may not agree with the positions we take. Any contest with the IRS may materially and adversely impact the market for our Common Units and the price at which they trade. In addition, our costs of any contest with the IRS will be borne indirectly by our Unitholders because the costs will reduce our cash available for distribution. 
 A Unitholder s tax liability could exceed cash distributions on its Common Units. 
 Because our Unitholders are treated as partners, a Unitholder is required to pay U.S. federal income taxes and state and local income taxes on its allocable share of our income, without regard to whether we make cash distributions to the Unitholder. We cannot guarantee that a Unitholder will receive cash distributions equal to its allocable share of our taxable income or even the tax liability to it resulting from that income. 
 Ownership of Common Units may have adverse tax consequences for tax-exempt organizations and foreign investors. 
 Investment in Common Units by certain tax-exempt entities and foreign persons raises issues specific to them. For example, virtually all of our taxable income allocated to organizations exempt from U.S. federal income tax, including individual retirement accounts and other retirement plans, will be unrelated business taxable income and thus will be taxable to them. Further, with respect to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, a tax-exempt entity with more than one unrelated trade or business (including by attribution from an investment in a partnership such as ours that is engaged in one or more unrelated trades or businesses) is required to compute the unrelated business taxable income of such tax-exempt entity separately with respect to each such trade or business (including for purposes of determining any net operating loss deduction). As a result, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, it may not be possible for tax-exempt entities to utilize losses from an investment in our partnership to offset unrelated business taxable income from another unrelated trade or business and vice versa. 
 Distributions to foreign persons will be reduced by withholding taxes at the highest applicable effective tax rate, and foreign persons will be required to file U.S. federal income tax returns and pay tax on their share of our taxable income. A foreign person who sells or otherwise disposes of a Common Unit will also be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the gain realized from the sale or disposition of that Common Unit. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act imposes a 10 withholding tax on the amount realized on the disposition of a partnership interest by a foreign person if any gain on the transfer of such interest would be treated as giving rise to effectively connected income. Such withholding tax obligation is currently suspended in the case of a disposition of certain publicly traded partnership interests until further guidance is provided. 
 The ability of a Unitholder to deduct its share of our losses may be limited. 
 Various limitations may apply to the ability of a Unitholder to deduct its share of our losses. For example, in the case of taxpayers subject to the passive activity loss rules (generally, individuals and closely held corporations), any losses generated by us will only be available to offset our future income and cannot be used to offset income from other activities, including other passive activities or investments. Such unused losses may be deducted when the Unitholder disposes of its entire investment in us in a fully taxable transaction with an unrelated party, such as a sale by a Unitholder of all of its Common Units in the open market. A Unitholder s share of any net passive income may be offset by unused losses from us carried over from prior years, but not by losses from other passive activities, including losses from other publicly-traded partnerships. 
 The tax gain or loss on the disposition of Common Units could be different than expected. 
 A Unitholder who sells Common Units will recognize a gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and its adjusted tax basis in the Common Units. Prior distributions in excess of cumulative net taxable income allocated to a Common Unit which decreased a Unitholder s tax basis in that Common Unit will, in effect, become taxable income if the Common Unit is sold at a price greater than the Unitholder s tax basis in that Common Unit, even if the price is less than the original cost of the Common Unit. A portion of the amount realized, if the amount realized exceeds the Unitholder s adjusted basis in that Common Unit, will likely be characterized as ordinary income. Furthermore, should the IRS successfully contest some conventions used by us, a Unitholder could recognize more gain on the sale of Common Units than would be the case under those conventions, without the benefit of decreased income in prior years. In addition, because the amount realized will include a holder s share of our nonrecourse liabilities, if a Unitholder sells its Common Units, such Unitholder may incur a tax liability in excess of the amount of cash it receives from the sale. 
 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Reporting of partnership tax information is complicated and subject to audits. 
 We intend to furnish to each Unitholder, within 90 days after the close of each calendar year, specific tax information, including a Schedule K-1 that sets forth its allocable share of income, gains, losses and deductions for our preceding taxable year. In preparing these schedules, we use various accounting and reporting conventions and adopt various depreciation and amortization methods. We cannot guarantee that these conventions will yield a result that conforms to statutory or regulatory requirements or to administrative pronouncements of the IRS. Further, our income tax return may be audited, which could result in an audit of a Unitholder s income tax return and increased liabilities for taxes because of adjustments resulting from the audit. 
 We treat each purchaser of our Common Units as having the same tax benefits without regard to the actual Common Units purchased. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of the Common Units. 
 Because we cannot match transferors and transferees of Common Units and because of other reasons, uniformity of the economic and tax characteristics of the Common Units to a purchaser of Common Units of the same class must be maintained. To maintain uniformity and for other reasons, we have adopted certain depreciation and amortization conventions that may be inconsistent with Treasury Regulations. A successful IRS challenge to those positions could adversely affect the amount of tax benefits available to a Unitholder. It also could affect the timing of these tax benefits or the amount of gain from the sale of Common Units, and could have a negative impact on the value of our Common Units or result in audit adjustments to a Unitholder s income tax return. 
 We prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our Common Units each month based upon the ownership of our Common Units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular Common Unit is transferred. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our Unitholders. 
 We prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our Common Units each month based upon the ownership of our Common Units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular Common Unit is transferred. Treasury Regulations provide a safe harbor pursuant to which publicly traded partnerships may use a similar monthly simplifying convention to allocate tax items among transferors and transferees of our Common Units. However, if the IRS were to challenge our proration method, we may be required to change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our Unitholders. 
 Unitholders may have negative tax consequences if we default on our debt or sell assets. 
 If we default on any of our debt obligations, our lenders will have the right to sue us for non-payment. This could cause an investment loss and negative tax consequences for Unitholders through the realization of taxable income by Unitholders without a corresponding cash distribution. Likewise, if we were to dispose of assets and realize a taxable gain while there is substantial debt outstanding and proceeds of the sale were applied to the debt, Unitholders could have increased taxable income without a corresponding cash distribution. 
 There are state, local and other tax considerations for our Unitholders. 
 In addition to U.S. federal income taxes, Unitholders will likely be subject to other taxes, such as state and local taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate, inheritance or intangible taxes that are imposed by the various jurisdictions in which we do business or own property, even if the Unitholder does not reside in any of those jurisdictions. A Unitholder will likely be required to file state and local income tax returns and pay state and local income taxes in some or all of the various jurisdictions in which we do business or own property and may be subject to penalties for failure to comply with those requirements. It is the responsibility of each Unitholder to file all U.S. federal, state and local income tax returns that may be required of each Unitholder. 
 A Unitholder whose Common Units are loaned to a short seller to cover a short sale of Common Units may be considered as having disposed of those Common Units. If so, that Unitholder would no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those Common Units during the period of the loan and may recognize gain or loss from the disposition. 
 Because lending a partnership interest is not tax free, a Unitholder whose Common Units are loaned to a short seller to cover a short sale of Common Units may be considered as having disposed of the loaned Common Units. In that case, a Unitholder may no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those Common Units during the period of the loan to the short seller and may recognize gain or loss from such disposition. Moreover, during the period of the loan to the short seller, any of our income, gain, loss or deduction with respect to those Common Units may not be reportable by the Unitholder and any cash distribution received by the Unitholder as to those Common Units could be fully taxable as ordinary income. Unitholders desiring to ensure their status as partners and avoid the risk of gain recognition from a loan to a short seller should consult their own tax advisors to discuss whether it is advisable to modify any applicable brokerage account agreements to prohibit their brokers from borrowing their Common Units. 
 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 None. 

ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 

 As of September 25, 2021, we owned approximately 72 of our customer service center and satellite locations and leased the balance of our retail locations from third parties. We own and operate a 22 million gallon refrigerated, aboveground propane storage facility in Elk Grove, California. Additionally, we own our principal executive offices located in Whippany, New Jersey. 
 The transportation of propane requires specialized equipment. The trucks and railroad tank cars utilized for this purpose carry specialized steel tanks that maintain the propane in a liquefied state. As of September 25, 2021, we had a fleet of 10 transport truck tractors, of which we owned 7, and 23 railroad tank cars, of which we owned none. In addition, as of September 25, 2021 we had 1,113 bobtail and rack trucks, of which we owned 22 , 109 fuel oil tankwagons, of which we owned 43 , and 1,324 other delivery and service vehicles, of which we owned 27 . We lease the vehicles we do not own. As of September 25, 2021, we also owned approximately 796,000 customer propane storage tanks with typical capacities of 100 to 500 gallons, 54,000 customer propane storage tanks with typical capacities of over 500 gallons and 265,000 portable propane cylinders with typical capacities of five to ten gallons. 

ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 Our operations are subject to operating hazards and risks normally incidental to handling, storing and delivering combustible liquids such as propane. We have been, and will continue to be, a defendant in various legal proceedings and litigation as a result of these operating hazards and risks, and as a result of other aspects of our business. In this regard, our natural gas and electricity business is currently a defendant in a putative class action suit in the Northern District of New York. The complaint alleges a number of claims under various consumer statutes and common law in New York and Pennsylvania regarding pricing offered to electricity customers in those states. The complaint was dismissed in part by the district court, but causes of action based on the New York consumer statute and breach of contract were allowed to proceed. Based on the nature of the allegations under this suit, we believe that the suit is without merit and we are defending against it vigorously. Accordingly, we have determined, based on the allegations and discovery to date in the suit, that no reserve for a loss contingency is required. We are unable to reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss, if any, arising from the action. Although any litigation is inherently uncertain, based on past experience, the information currently available to us, and the amount of our accrued insurance liabilities, we do not believe that currently pending or threatened litigation matters, or known claims or known contingent claims, will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flow. 

ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 None. 

27 
 
 Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON UNITS, RELATED UNITHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF UNITS 

(a) 
 
 Our Common Units, representing limited partner interests in the Partnership, are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol SPH. As of November 22, 2021, there were 522 Unitholders of record (based on the number of record holders and nominees for those Common Units held in street name). 

 On October 21, 2021, we announced that our Board of Supervisors declared a quarterly distribution of 0.325 per Common Unit for the three months ended September 25, 2021. This quarterly distribution rate equates to an annualized rate of 1.30 per Common Unit. 

(b) 
 
 Not applicable. 

(c) 
 
 None. 

ITEM 6 . 
 
 [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7 . 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following is a discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations, seen from our perspective, which should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Executive Overview 
 The following are factors that regularly affect our operating results and financial condition. In addition, our business is subject to the risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A of this Annual Report. Management currently considers the following events, trends, and uncertainties to be most important to understanding our financial condition and operating performance: 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in commodity and stock market volatility, significant government stimulus and uncertainty about economic conditions that will prevail in the months ahead. In response to temporary government restrictions on businesses during much of calendar year 2020, certain of our commercial and industrial customers were forced to temporarily curtail or suspend operations, or otherwise were impacted by lower economic activity as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, we experienced a period of lower revenues in certain customer sectors, particularly during the period from March 2020 through December 2020. Notwithstanding those challenges, we also experienced an increase in usage in our residential and certain other customer segments that benefited from stay-at-home initiatives and the demand for temporary, portable energy solutions. We took decisive action in the early stages of the pandemic to adapt our business model and modify our operating protocols in order to help protect the health and safety of our employees, while ensuring seamless delivery of our essential services to the customers and communities we serve. As COVID-19 related business restrictions eased throughout fiscal 2021, customer demand in those sectors most impacted originally by the pandemic started to normalize, although there continues to be a risk of permanent demand destruction if economic conditions deteriorate, or if some businesses are unable to recover. While we expect that many of these effects will not be permanent, it is impossible to predict their duration. We have developed, implemented and continue to refine alternative operational plans, inclusive of manpower levels, to address different customer demand scenarios, and we continue to adapt our operational model to shifting demand patterns and the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on future cash flows and access to adequate liquidity as we navigate through fiscal 2022 and beyond. 
 Product Costs and Supply 
 The level of profitability in the retail propane, fuel oil, natural gas and electricity businesses is largely dependent on the difference between retail sales price and our costs to acquire and transport products. The unit cost of our products, particularly propane, fuel oil and natural gas, is subject to volatility as a result of supply and demand dynamics or other market conditions, 
 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 including, but not limited to, economic and political factors impacting crude oil and natural gas supply or pricing. We enter into product supply contracts that are generally one-year agreements subject to annual renewal, and also purchase product on the open market. We attempt to reduce price risk by pricing product on a short-term basis. Our propane supply contracts typically provide for pricing based upon index formulas using the posted prices established at major supply points such as Mont Belvieu, Texas, or Conway, Kansas (plus transportation costs) at the time of delivery. 
 To supplement our annual purchase requirements, we may utilize forward fixed price purchase contracts to acquire a portion of the propane that we resell to our customers, which allows us to manage our exposure to unfavorable changes in commodity prices and to assure adequate physical supply. The percentage of contract purchases, and the amount of supply contracted for under forward contracts at fixed prices, will vary from year to year based on market conditions. 
 Changes in our costs to acquire and transport products can occur rapidly over a short period of time and can impact profitability. There is no assurance that we will be able to pass on product acquisition and transportation cost increases fully or immediately, particularly when such costs increase rapidly. Therefore, average retail sales prices can vary significantly from year to year as our costs fluctuate with the propane, fuel oil, crude oil and natural gas commodity markets and infrastructure conditions. In addition, periods of sustained higher commodity and/or transportation prices can lead to customer conservation, resulting in reduced demand for our product. 
 During fiscal 2021, the wholesale cost of propane rose steadily throughout the year which was reflective of the contraction in U.S. propane inventory levels resulting from higher domestic consumption, coupled with increased exports. According to the Energy Information Administration, U.S. propane inventory levels at the end of September 2021 were 72.9 million barrels, which was 28.5 lower than September 2020 levels, and 19 lower than the 5-year average for September. Average posted propane prices (basis Mont Belvieu, Texas) were 97.5 higher than the prior year. Consistent with our established practice, we adjusted customer pricing accordingly as market conditions allowed. 
 Seasonality 
 The retail propane and fuel oil distribution businesses, as well as the natural gas marketing business, are seasonal because these fuels are primarily used for heating in residential and commercial buildings. Historically, approximately two thirds of our retail propane volume is sold during the six-month peak heating season from October through March. The fuel oil business tends to experience greater seasonality given its more limited use for space heating and approximately three-fourths of our fuel oil volumes are sold between October and March. Consequently, sales and operating profits are concentrated in our first and second fiscal quarters. Cash flows from operations, therefore, are greatest during the second and third fiscal quarters when customers pay for product purchased during the winter heating season. We expect lower operating profits and either net losses or lower net income during the period from April through September (our third and fourth fiscal quarters). To the extent necessary, we will reserve cash from the second and third quarters for distribution to holders of our Common Units in the fourth quarter and the following fiscal year first quarter. 
 Weather 
 Weather conditions have a significant impact on the demand for our products, in particular propane, fuel oil and natural gas, for both heating and agricultural purposes. Many of our customers rely heavily on propane, fuel oil or natural gas as a heating source. Accordingly, the volume sold is directly affected by the severity of the winter weather in our service areas, which can vary substantially from year to year. In any given area, sustained warmer than normal temperatures will tend to result in reduced propane, fuel oil and natural gas consumption, while sustained colder than normal temperatures will tend to result in greater consumption. 
 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Hedging and Risk Management Activities 
 We engage in hedging and risk management activities to reduce the effect of price volatility on our product costs and to ensure the availability of product during periods of short supply. We enter into propane forward, options and swap agreements with third parties, and use futures and options contracts traded on the New York Mercantile Exchange NYMEX to purchase and sell propane, fuel oil, crude oil and natural gas at fixed prices in the future. The majority of the futures, forward and options agreements are used to hedge price risk associated with propane and fuel oil physical inventory, as well as, in certain instances, forecasted purchases of propane or fuel oil. In addition, we sell propane and fuel oil to customers at fixed prices, and enter into derivative instruments to hedge a portion of our exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices as a result of selling the fixed price contracts. Forward contracts are generally settled physically at the expiration of the contract whereas futures, options and swap contracts are generally settled at the expiration of the contract through a net settlement mechanism. Although we use derivative instruments to reduce the effect of price volatility associated with priced physical inventory and forecasted transactions, we do not use derivative instruments for speculative trading purposes. Risk management activities are monitored by an internal Commodity Risk Management Committee, made up of six members of management and reporting to our Audit Committee, through enforcement of our Hedging and Risk Management Policy. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements section elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Certain amounts included in or affecting our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures must be estimated, requiring management to make certain assumptions with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known with certainty at the time the financial statements are prepared. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from estimated results. Estimates are used when accounting for depreciation and amortization of long-lived assets, employee benefit plans, self-insurance and litigation reserves, environmental reserves, allowances for doubtful accounts, asset valuation assessments and valuation of derivative instruments. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Any effects on our business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known to us. Management has reviewed these critical accounting estimates and related disclosures with the Audit Committee of our Board of Supervisors. We believe that the following are our critical accounting estimates: 
 Allowances for Doubtful Accounts. We maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. We estimate our allowances for doubtful accounts using a specific reserve for known or anticipated uncollectible accounts, as well as an estimated reserve for potential future uncollectible accounts taking into consideration our historical write-offs. If the financial condition of one or more of our customers were to deteriorate resulting in an impairment in their ability to make payments, additional allowances could be required. As a result of our large customer base, which is comprised of approximately 1.0 million customers, no individual customer account is material. Therefore, while some variation to actual results occurs, historically such variability has not been material. Schedule II, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts, provides a summary of the changes in our allowances for doubtful accounts during the period. 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits. We estimate the rate of return on plan assets, the discount rate used to estimate the present value of future benefit obligations and the expected cost of future health care benefits in determining our annual pension and other postretirement benefit costs. We use the Society of Actuaries mortality scale (MP-2020) and other actuarial life expectancy information when developing the annual mortality assumptions for our pension and postretirement benefit plans, which are used to measure net periodic benefit costs and the obligation under these plans. While we believe that our assumptions are appropriate, significant differences in our actual experience or significant changes in market conditions may materially affect our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and our future expense. 
 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Accrued Insurance . Our accrued insurance represent s the estimated costs of known and anticipated or unasserted claims for incidents related to general and product, workers compensation and automobile liability . For each claim, we record a provision up to the estimated amount of the probable claim utilizing actuarially determined loss development factors applied to actual claims data. Our insurance provisions are susceptible to change to the extent that actual claims development differs from historical claims development. We maintain insurance coverage wherein our net exposure for insured claims is limited to the insurance deductible, claims above which are paid by our insurance carriers. For the portion of our estimated insurance liability that exceeds our deductibles, we record an asset related to the amount of the liability expected to be paid by the insurance companies. Historically, we have not experienced significant variability in our actuarial estimates for claims incurred but not reported. Accrued insurance provisions for reported claims are reviewed at least quarterly, and our assessment of whether a loss is probable and/or reasonably estimable is updated as necessary. Due to the inherently uncertain nature of, in particular, product liability claims, the ultimate loss may differ materially from our estimates. However, because of the nature of our insurance arrangements, those material variations historically have not, nor are they expected in the future to have, a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 
 Loss Contingencies. In the normal course of business, we are involved in various claims and legal proceedings. We record a liability for such matters when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. The liability includes probable and estimable legal costs to the point in the legal matter where we believe a conclusion to the matter will be reached. When only a range of possible loss can be established, the most probable amount in the range is accrued. If no amount within this range is a better estimate than any other amount within the range, the minimum amount in the range is accrued. 
 We contribute to multi-employer pension plans MEPPs in accordance with various collective bargaining agreements covering union employees. As one of the many participating employers in these MEPPs, we are responsible with the other participating employers for any plan underfunding. Due to the uncertainty regarding future factors that could impact the withdrawal liability, we are unable to determine the timing of the payment of the future withdrawal liability, or additional future withdrawal liability, if any. 
 Fair Values of Acquired Assets and Liabilities. From time to time, we enter into material business combinations. In accordance with accounting guidance associated with business combinations, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their estimated fair value as of the acquisition date. Fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based upon available information and may involve us engaging an independent third party to perform an appraisal. Estimating fair values can be complex and subject to significant business judgment. Estimates most commonly impact property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, including goodwill. Generally, we have, if necessary, up to one year from the acquisition date to finalize our estimates of acquisition date fair values. 
 Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 Net income for fiscal 2021 was 122.8 million, or 1.96 per Common Unit, compared to 60.8 million, or 0.98 per Common Unit, in fiscal 2020. 
 Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (Adjusted EBITDA, as defined and reconciled below) increased 22.0 million, or 8.7 , to 275.7 million for fiscal 2021, compared to 253.7 million in the prior year. 
 Retail propane gallons sold in fiscal 2021 of 419.8 million gallons increased 4.2 compared to the prior year, primarily due to an increase in weather-related customer demand during the most critical months of the heating season, an increase in commercial and industrial demand resulting from the easing of COVID-related business restrictions and an improving economy, and positive progress in our customer base growth and retention initiatives. Average temperatures (as measured by heating degree days) across all of the Partnership s service territories for fiscal 2021 were 10 warmer than normal and comparable to the prior year. However, average temperatures during the critical months of December 2020 through February 2021 were 7 cooler than the same period in the prior year and contributed to an overall increase in heat-related demand. 
 Average propane prices (basis Mont Belvieu, Texas) for fiscal 2021 increased 97.5 compared to the prior year. Total gross margin for fiscal 2021 of 803.3 million increased 78.3 million, or 10.8 , compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher volumes sold and higher unit margins. Gross margin for fiscal 2021 included a 43.1 million unrealized gain attributable to the mark-to-market adjustment for derivative instruments used in risk management activities, compared to a 0.4 million unrealized loss in the prior year. These non-cash adjustments were excluded from Adjusted EBITDA for both periods in the table below. 
 Combined operating and general and administrative expenses of 485.5 million for fiscal 2021 increased 3.8 compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher volume-related variable operating costs and higher variable compensation, partially offset by a decrease in accruals for self-insured liabilities and bad debt expense. Operating expenses for fiscal 2021 included a 4.3 million charge related to the Partnership s voluntary full withdrawal from a multi-employer pension plan covering certain employees, which was excluded from Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 During fiscal 2021, we utilized cash flows from operating activities to repay 87.6 million of debt. As a result of the combination of higher earnings and lower debt, our c onsolidated l everage r atio improved to 3.96x for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021. 
 In addition to the improvement in earnings, we succeeded in accomplishing a number of significant goals in fiscal 2021 that will provide further support for our long-term strategic growth initiatives. The following highlights a few noteworthy accomplishments for fiscal 2021: 

We strengthened our balance sheet by reducing debt by nearly 88 million with cash flows from operating activities 

We opportunistically refinanced a significant portion of our senior debt at lower interest rates -- extending weighted average debt maturities by 3.5 years and reducing annual interest expense by 7.0 million 

We enhanced returns to Unitholders with an 8.3 increase in the annualized distribution rate at the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2021 

We acquired and successfully integrated a well-run propane business in an attractive market on the east coast 

We made further advancements in our efforts to advocate for the clean burning attributes of propane, while also making additional strategic investments in new technologies that can contribute to lowering greenhouse gas emissions. More specifically, we made additional investments in our minority-owned subsidiary, Oberon Fuels Oberon (see Part IV, Note 4 of this Annual Report), which achieved several milestones toward our collective efforts to commercialize clean-burning, renewable dimethyl ether rDME ). In June 2021, Oberon began production of the first-ever rDME in the United States, and is believed to be the only current commercial producer of this molecule in the world. Additionally, Oberon, through a public-private partnership with Los Alamos National Laboratory, has secured funding from the U.S. Department of Energy to develop and scale-up steam reforming technology to produce renewable hydrogen from rDME 

We expanded our supply agreements to acquire renewable propane, produced entirely from renewal sources, such as waste fats and oils, to help meet customer demand for renewable energy solutions 

We extended our reach in certain strategic markets that were not previously served by our existing propane footprint 

We made further investments in new handheld technology for our drivers and service technicians to improve efficiency and enhance the customer experience and 

We partnered with a number of local organizations to provide donations and support to communities in multiple locations throughout our operating footprint as part of our SuburbanCares corporate pillar. 

 On October 21, 2021, we announced that our Board of Supervisors declared a quarterly distribution of 0.325 per Common Unit for the three months ended September 25, 2021. This quarterly distribution rate equates to an annualized rate of 1.30 per Common Unit. The distribution was paid on November 9, 2021 to Common Unitholders of record as of November 2, 2021. 
 As we look ahead to fiscal 2022, our anticipated cash requirements include: (i) maintenance and growth capital expenditures of approximately 35.0 million (ii) approximately 61.3 million of interest and income tax payments and (iii) approximately 81.9 million of distributions to Unitholders, based on the current annualized rate of 1.30 per Common Unit. Based on our liquidity position, which includes availability of funds under the revolving credit facility and expected cash flow from operating activities, we expect to have sufficient funds to meet our current and future obligations. 
 The unprecedented health crisis from the COVID-19 pandemic and the variants thereof continue to represent a complex uncertainty, which has had a profound overall impact on employment and the economy. While our business is considered an essential critical service, our business is not immune to the challenges presented by the dramatic economic slowdown instituted to mitigate the spread of the virus. The areas of our business that have been impacted by the economic slowdown included: 

The temporary suspension of business operations by certain of our commercial and industrial customers has resulted in lower demand, principally during the second half of fiscal 2020 and the first quarter of fiscal 2021, from these customer markets 

In certain states, restrictions were placed on our business that would otherwise allow us to decline or refuse to service certain customers who have not or are unwilling to pay for product delivered or services rendered 

There may be potential disruptions in the propane, fuel oil, natural gas and electricity supply chains 

The potential for increasing costs to implement additional measures to help protect our employees, customers and local communities as state and federal governments provide and update guidance on workplace safety protocols and 

Employee recruiting and retention challenges given rising wages and related competitive pressures. 

32 
 
 Table of Contents 

Although uncertainty remains regarding the long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy and businesses, we believe our efficient and flexible business model, as well as the recent steps taken to strengthen our balance sheet, leave us well positioned to manage our business through the crisis as it continues to unfold. Nonetheless, as we progress through fiscal 2022, there remains significant uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of governmental policies that have been, or may in the future be, instituted to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 and the variants thereof. We will continue to adapt to the changing circumstances and make decisions to help ensure the long-term sustainability of our businesses, and to be able to be opportunistic for strategic growth initiatives. 
 Fiscal Year 2021 Compared to Fiscal Year 2020 
 Revenues 

(Dollars and gallons in thousands) 

Percent 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Increase 

Increase 

2021 

2020 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

Revenues 

Propane 

1,140,457 

955,143 

185,314 

19.4 

Fuel oil and refined fuels 

67,104 

75,039 

(7,935 

(10.6 

Natural gas and electricity 

30,425 

31,184 

(759 

(2.4 

All other 

50,769 

46,531 

4,238 

9.1 

Total revenues 

1,288,755 

1,107,897 

180,858 

16.3 

Retail gallons sold 

Propane 

419,758 

402,857 

16,901 

4.2 

Fuel oil and refined fuels 

24,039 

26,039 

(2,000 

(7.7 

As discussed above, average temperatures (as measured in heating degree days) across all of our service territories for fiscal 2021 were 10 warmer than normal and flat to the prior year. The weather during fiscal 2021 was characterized by widespread unseasonably warm temperatures during the first and third fiscal quarters, with sustained and widespread cooler temperatures throughout much of the second quarter. The cooler second quarter temperatures compared to the prior year were experienced throughout most of our operating territories, with cooler temperatures occurring during December 2020 through February 2021, which are the most critical months for heat-related demand. The cooler weather pattern during these critical months of the heating season, combined with improving economic conditions from the easing of restrictions on certain commercial and industrial businesses, contributed to an increase in customer demand and volumes sold. 
 Revenues from the distribution of propane and related activities of 1,140.5 million for fiscal 2021 increased 185.3 million, or 19.4 , compared to 955.1 million for the prior year, primarily due to higher average retail selling prices associated with a steady rise in wholesale costs and higher volumes sold. Average propane selling prices for fiscal 2021 increased 11.6 compared to the prior year, resulting in a 115.1 million increase in revenues. Retail propane gallons sold increased 16.9 million gallons, or 4.2 , to 419.8 million gallons, resulting in an increase in revenues of 40.1 million. Included within the propane segment are revenues from risk management activities of 30.5 million for fiscal 2021, which increased 30.1 million primarily due to a higher notional amount of hedging contracts used in risk management activities that were settled physically. 
 Revenues from the distribution of fuel oil and refined fuels of 67.1 million for fiscal 2021 decreased 7.9 million, or 10.6 , from 75.0 million for the prior year, primarily due to lower volumes sold and lower average selling prices. Fuel oil and refined fuels gallons sold decreased 2.0 million gallons, or 7.7 , resulting in a 5.7 million decrease in revenues. Average selling prices for fuel oil and refined fuels decreased 3.1 , resulting in a 2.2 million decrease in revenues. 
 Revenues in our natural gas and electricity segment decreased 0.8 million, or 2.4 , to 30.4 million in fiscal 2021 compared to 31.2 million in the prior year, mainly due to a reduction to the customer base resulting from regulatory actions taken by the New York State Public Utility Commission that pertain to this segment of our business (see Item 1). 
 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Cost of Products Sold 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Percent 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Increase 

Increase 

2021 

2020 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

Cost of products sold 

Propane 

411,720 

305,754 

105,966 

34.7 

Fuel oil and refined fuels 

41,158 

46,256 

(5,098 

(11.0 

Natural gas and electricity 

17,515 

17,269 

246 

1.4 

All other 

15,085 

13,672 

1,413 

10.3 

Total cost of products sold 

485,478 

382,951 

102,527 

26.8 

As a percent of total revenues 

37.7 

34.6 

The cost of products sold reported in the consolidated statements of operations represents the weighted average unit cost of propane, fuel oil and refined fuels, and natural gas and electricity sold, including transportation costs to deliver product from our supply points to storage or to our customer service centers. Cost of products sold also includes the cost of appliances and related parts sold or installed by our customer service centers computed on a basis that approximates the average cost of the products. 
 Given the retail nature of our operations, we maintain a certain level of priced physical inventory to help ensure that our field operations have adequate supply commensurate with the time of year. Our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to keep our physical inventory priced relatively close to market for our field operations. Consistent with past practices, we principally utilize futures and/or options contracts traded on the NYMEX to mitigate the price risk associated with our priced physical inventory. In addition, we sell propane and fuel oil to customers at fixed prices, and enter into derivative instruments to hedge a portion of our exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices as a result of selling the fixed price contracts. At expiration, the derivative contracts are settled by the delivery of the product to the respective party or are settled by the payment of a net amount equal to the difference between the then market price and the fixed contract price or option exercise price. Under this risk management strategy, realized gains or losses on futures or options contracts, which are reported in cost of products sold, will typically offset losses or gains on the physical inventory once the product is sold (which may or may not occur in the same accounting period). We do not use futures or options contracts, or other derivative instruments, for speculative trading purposes. Unrealized non-cash gains or losses from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that are not designated as cash flow hedges are recorded within cost of products sold. Cost of products sold excludes depreciation and amortization these amounts are reported separately within the consolidated statements of operations. 
 From a commodity perspective, wholesale propane prices trended steadily higher throughout the fiscal year. As of September 2021, propane inventory levels in the United States were 28.5 lower than at September 2020 and 19 below the 5-year average for September, as strong exports and domestic demand outpaced U.S. production. Overall, average posted propane prices (basis Mont Belvieu, Texas) and fuel oil prices during fiscal 2021 were 97.5 and 26.2 higher than the prior year, respectively. The net change in the fair value of derivative instruments during the fiscal year resulted in unrealized non-cash gains of 43.1 million and unrealized non-cash losses of 0.4 million reported in cost of products sold in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, resulting in a year-over-year decrease of 43.5 million in cost of products sold, all of which was reported in the propane segment. 
 Cost of products sold associated with the distribution of propane and related activities of 411.7 million for fiscal 2021 increased 106.0 million, or 34.7 , compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher wholesale costs and higher volumes sold, which resulted in increases in cost of products sold of 113.4 million and 12.4 million, respectively. Cost of products sold from risk management activities decreased 19.8 million compared to the prior year, primarily due to the 43.5 million difference in mark-to-market adjustments on derivative instruments discussed above, partially offset by a higher notional amount of hedging contracts that were settled physically. 
 Cost of products sold associated with our fuel oil and refined fuels segment of 41.2 million for fiscal 2021 decreased 5.1 million, or 11.0 , compared to the prior year, due to lower volumes sold and lower wholesale costs, which resulted in decreases in cost of products sold of 3.6 million and 1.5 million compared to the prior year, respectively. 
 Cost of products sold in our natural gas and electricity segment of 17.5 million for fiscal 2021 increased 0.2 million, or 1.4 , compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher wholesale costs, offset by lower usage. 
 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Operating Expenses 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Percent 

2021 

2020 

Increase 

Increase 

Operating expenses 

411,390 

401,958 

9,432 

2.3 

As a percent of total revenues 

31.9 

36.3 

All costs of operating our retail distribution and appliance sales and service operations are reported within operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. These operating expenses include the compensation and benefits of field and direct operating support personnel, costs of operating and maintaining our vehicle fleet, overhead and other costs of our purchasing, training and safety departments and other direct and indirect costs of operating our customer service centers. 
 Operating expenses of 411.4 million for fiscal 2021 increased 9.4 million, or 2.3 , compared to 402.0 million in the prior year, primarily due to higher payroll and benefit-related costs and higher variable volume-related operating costs, offset to an extent by decreases in accruals for self-insured liabilities and other legal matters, and lower bad debt expense. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Percent 

2021 

2020 

Increase 

Increase 

General and administrative expenses 

74,096 

65,927 

8,169 

12.4 

As a percent of total revenues 

5.7 

6.0 

All costs of our back office support functions, including compensation and benefits for executives and other support functions, as well as other costs and expenses to maintain finance and accounting, treasury, legal, human resources, corporate development and the information systems functions are reported within general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 General and administrative expenses of 74.1 million for fiscal 2021 increased 8.2 million, or 12.4 , compared to 65.9 million in the prior year, primarily due to higher variable compensation expenses attributable to higher earnings, offset to an extent by lower professional services fees. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Percent 

2021 

2020 

Decrease 

Decrease 

Depreciation and amortization 

104,555 

116,791 

(12,236 

(10.5 

As a percent of total revenues 

8.1 

10.5 

Depreciation and amortization expense of 104.6 million in fiscal 2021 decreased 12.2 million from 116.8 million in the prior year, primarily as a result of the conclusion of the amortization period for certain intangible assets from prior business acquisitions, coupled with lower levels of capital expenditures. 
 Interest Expense, net 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Percent 

2021 

2020 

Decrease 

Decrease 

Interest expense, net 

68,132 

74,727 

(6,595 

(8.8 

As a percent of total revenues 

5.3 

6.7 

Net interest expense of 68.1 million for fiscal 2021 decreased 6.6 million from 74.7 million in the prior year, primarily due to the impact of the refinancing of two tranches of senior notes at lower rates, a decrease in benchmark interest rates on outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility and a lower average level of outstanding borrowings under that facility. During fiscal 
 
 35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 202 1 , w e reduced total outstanding borrowings by 87.6 million with cash flows from operating activities . See Liquidity and Capital Resources below for additional discussion . 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2021, we repurchased, satisfied and discharged all of our previously outstanding 525.0 million in aggregate principal balance of 5.5 senior notes due June 1, 2024 (the 2024 Senior Notes and 250.0 million in aggregate principal balance of 5.75 senior notes due March 1, 2025 (the 2025 Senior Notes with net proceeds from the issuance of 650.0 million in aggregate principal balance of 5.0 senior notes due June 1, 2031 (the 2031 Senior Notes and borrowings under our senior secured revolving credit facility , as described and defined below, pursuant to a tender offer and redemption. In connection with this tender offer and redemption during the third quarter of fiscal 2021, we recognized a loss on the extinguishment of debt of 16.0 million, consisting of 11.5 million for the redemption premium and related fees, as well as the write-off of 4.5 million in unamortized debt origination costs. 
 In connection with the refinancing of our previous revolving credit facility during the second quarter of fiscal 2020, we recognized a non-cash charge of 0.1 million to write-off a portion of unamortized debt origination costs. 
 Net Income and Adjusted EBITDA 
 Net income for fiscal 2021 amounted to 122.8 million, or 1.96 per Common Unit, compared to 60.8 million, or 0.98 per Common Unit, in fiscal 2020. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA for fiscal 2021 amounted to 296.6 million, compared to 252.1 million for fiscal 2020. 
 Net income and EBITDA for fiscal 2021 included (i) a 16.0 million loss on debt extinguishment (ii) a 4.3 million charge resulting from the Partnership s withdrawal from a multi-employer pension plan (iii) a 1.0 million pension settlement charge and (iv) a 0.9 million loss on our equity investment in an unconsolidated affiliate. Net income and EBITDA for fiscal 2020 included (i) a 1.1 million pension settlement charge and (ii) a loss on debt extinguishment of 0.1 million. Excluding the effects of these items, as well as the unrealized non-cash mark-to-market adjustments on derivative instruments in both years, Adjusted EBITDA amounted to 275.7 million for fiscal 2021, compared to Adjusted EBITDA of 253.7 million for fiscal 2020. 
 EBITDA represents net income before deducting interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA excluding the unrealized net gain or loss on mark-to-market activity for derivative instruments and other items, as applicable, as provided in the table below. Our management uses EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as supplemental measures of operating performance and we are including them because we believe that they provide our investors and industry analysts with additional information to evaluate our operating results. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not recognized terms under US GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income or net cash provided by operating activities determined in accordance with US GAAP. Because EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as determined by us excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income, they may not be comparable to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table sets forth our calculations of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended 

September 25, 

September 26, 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

122,793 

60,758 

Add: 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

1,110 

(146 

Interest expense, net 

68,132 

74,727 

Depreciation and amortization 

104,555 

116,791 

EBITDA 

296,590 

252,130 

Unrealized non-cash (gains) losses on changes in fair value 
 of derivatives 

(43,121 

382 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

16,029 

109 

Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal charge 

4,317 

Pension settlement charge 

958 

1,051 

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliate 

907 

Adjusted EBITDA 

275,680 

253,672 

Fiscal Year 2020 Compared to Fiscal Year 2019 
 We are omitting from this section our discussion of the earliest of the three years of financials included in this Form 10-K. The discussion for fiscal year 2020 compared to fiscal year 2019 can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 26, 2020 , which was filed with the SEC on November 25, 2020. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Analysis of Cash Flows 
 Operating Activities. Net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2021 amounted to 226.6 million, an increase of 17.2 million compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily attributable to higher earnings (discussed above), offset to an extent by an increase in working capital compared to the prior year, which stemmed from the rise in average wholesale propane costs (discussed above). 
 Investing Activities. Net cash used in investing activities of 34.1 million for fiscal 2021 consisted of capital expenditures of 29.9 million (including 15.4 million to support the growth of operations and 14.5 million for maintenance expenditures), 8.7 million used in the acquisition of a retail propane business and other investing activities involving Oberon Fuels, Inc. Oberon (see Part IV, Note 4 of this Annual Report in relation to these transactions), partially offset by 4.5 million in net proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment. 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 53.2 million for fiscal 2020 consisted of capital expenditures of 32.5 million (including 19.1 million to support the growth of operations and 13.4 million for maintenance expenditures), 25.6 million used in the acquisition of two retail propane businesses and to purchase a minority stake in Oberon, partially offset by 4.9 million in net proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment. 
 Financing Activities. Net cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2021 of 189.8 million reflected the quarterly distribution to Common Unitholders at a rate of 0.30 per Common Unit paid in respect of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, the first and second quarters of fiscal 2021 and the quarterly distribution at a rate of 0.325 per Common Unit paid in respect of the third quarter of fiscal 2021. Also reflected in financing activities for fiscal 2021 was proceeds of 650.0 million from the issuance of the 2031 Senior Notes which were used, along with borrowings of 125.0 million under the revolving credit facility , to repurchase, satisfy and discharge all of the previously outstanding 2024 Senior Notes and 2025 Senior Notes, with an aggregate par value of 775.0 million, as well as to pay tender premiums and other related fees of 11.3 million and debt issuance costs of 10.8 million, pursuant to a tender offer and redemption. 
 Net cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2020 of 155.4 million reflected the quarterly distribution to Common Unitholders at a rate of 0.60 per Common Unit paid in respect of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 and the first two quarters of fiscal 2020, the quarterly distribution at a rate of 0.30 per Common Unit paid in respect of the third quarter of fiscal 2020, net repayments 
 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 of borrowings under the r evolving c redit f acility of 18.9 million, 2.7 million of debt issuance costs associated with the cr edit a greement and other financing activities of 3.6 million. 
 Summary of Long-Term Debt Obligations and Revolving Credit Lines 
 As of September 25, 2021, our long-term debt consisted of 350.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.875 senior notes due March 1, 2027, 650.0 million of the 2031 Senior Notes and 132.0 million outstanding under our 500.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility Revolving Credit Facility provided by our credit agreement. See Part IV, Note 10 of this Annual Report. 
 The aggregate amounts of long-term debt maturities subsequent to September 25, 2021 are as follows: fiscal 2022: -0- fiscal 2023: -0- fiscal 2024: -0- fiscal 2025: 132.0 million fiscal 2026: -0- and thereafter: 1,000.0 million. 
 Partnership Distributions 
 We are required to make distributions in an amount equal to all of our Available Cash, as defined in our Third Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement, as amended (the Partnership Agreement ), no more than 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter to holders of record on the applicable record dates. Available Cash, as defined in the Partnership Agreement, generally means all cash on hand at the end of the respective fiscal quarter, less the amount of cash reserves established by the Board of Supervisors in its reasonable discretion for future cash requirements. These reserves are retained for the proper conduct of our business, the payment of debt principal and interest and for distributions during the next four quarters. The Board of Supervisors reviews the level of Available Cash on a quarterly basis based upon information provided by management. 
 Pension Plan Assets and Obligations 
 We have a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan which was originally designed to cover all of our eligible employees who met certain requirements as to age and length of service. Effective January 1, 1998, we amended the defined benefit pension plan to provide benefits under a cash balance formula as compared to a final average pay formula which was in effect prior to January 1, 1998. Our defined benefit pension plan was frozen to new participants effective January 1, 2000 and, in furtherance of our effort to minimize future increases in our benefit obligations, effective January 1, 2003, all future service credits were eliminated. Therefore, eligible participants will receive interest credits only toward their ultimate defined benefit under the defined benefit pension plan. We made contribution payments to the defined benefit pension plan of 6.3 million, 3.8 million and 5.4 million in fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, respectively. As of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, the plan s projected benefit obligation exceeded the fair value of plan assets by 25.2 million and 35.2 million, respectively. The net liability recognized in the consolidated financial statements for the defined benefit pension plan decreased by 10.0 million during fiscal 2021, which was primarily attributable to the contributions made during the year, as well as the increase in the discount rate used to measure the benefit obligation. During fiscal 2022, we expect to contribute approximately 3.3 million to the defined benefit pension plan. 
 Our investment policies and strategies, as set forth in the Investment Management Policy and Guidelines, are monitored by a Benefits Committee comprised of five members of management. The Benefits Committee employs a liability driven investment strategy, which seeks to increase the correlation of the plan s assets and liabilities to reduce the volatility of the plan s funded status. The execution of this strategy has resulted in an asset allocation that is largely comprised of fixed income securities. A liability driven investment strategy is intended to reduce investment risk and, over the long-term, generate returns on plan assets that largely fund the annual interest on the accumulated benefit obligation. For purposes of measuring the projected benefit obligation as of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, we used a discount rate of 2.50 and 2.125 , respectively, reflecting current market rates for debt obligations of a similar duration to our pension obligations. With other assumptions held constant, an increase or decrease of 100 basis points in the discount rate would have an immaterial impact on net pension and postretirement benefit costs. 
 During fiscal 2021, lump sum pension settlement payments of 3.9 million exceeded the interest and service cost components of the net periodic pension cost of 2.3 million. As a result, we recorded a non-cash settlement charge of 1.0 million during fiscal 2021 in order to accelerate recognition of a portion of cumulative unamortized losses. Similarly, during fiscal 2020, lump sum pension settlement payments of 3.6 million exceeded the interest and service cost components of the net periodic pension cost of 2.7 million. As a result, we recorded a non-cash settlement charge of 1.1 million during fiscal 2020, also in order to accelerate recognition of a portion of cumulative unamortized losses. During fiscal 2019, the amount of the pension benefit obligation settled through lump sum payments did not exceed the settlement threshold (combined service and interest costs of the net periodic benefit cost) therefore, a settlement charge was not required to be recognized in that fiscal year. These unrecognized losses were previously accumulated as a reduction to partners capital and were being amortized to expense as part of our net periodic pension cost. 
 We also provide postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for certain retired employees. Partnership employees hired prior to July 1993 and who retired prior to March 1998 are eligible for postretirement health care and life insurance benefits if 
 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 they reached a specified retirement age while working for the Partnership. Effective March 31, 1998, we froze participation in its postretirement health care benefit plan, with no new retirees eligible to participate in the plan. All active employees who were eligible to receive health care benefits under the postretirement plan subsequent to March 1, 1998, were provided an increase to their accumulated benefits under the cash balance pension plan. Our postretirement health care and life insurance benefit plans are unfunded. Effective January 1, 2006, we changed our postretirement health care plan from a self-insured program to one that is fully insured under which we pay a portion of the insurance premium on behalf of the eligible participants. 
 Contractual and Other Obligations 
 The following table summarizes payments due under our known contractual and other obligations as of September 25, 2021: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

2027 and 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

thereafter 

Long-term debt obligations 

- 

- 

- 

132,000 

- 

1,000,000 

Interest payments 

60,505 

57,799 

55,612 

54,762 

53,062 

172,781 

Operating lease obligations (a) 

36,726 

30,568 

24,522 

20,297 

15,585 

24,066 

Self-insurance obligations (b) 

15,847 

12,290 

9,744 

6,323 

3,217 

17,223 

Pension contributions (c) 

3,330 

3,000 

3,000 

3,000 

3,693 

30,500 

Other obligations (d) 

26,352 

10,378 

6,388 

3,048 

2,535 

21,319 

Total 

142,760 

114,035 

99,266 

219,430 

78,092 

1,265,889 

(a 
 
 Payments exclude costs associated with insurance, taxes and maintenance, which are not material to the operating lease obligations. 

(b) 
 
 The timing of when payments are due for our self-insurance obligations is based on estimates that may differ from when actual payments are made. In addition, the payments do not reflect amounts to be recovered from our insurance providers, which amount to 3.7 million, 3.1 million, 2.6 million, 1.6 million, 0.7 million and 4.3 million for each of the next five fiscal years and thereafter, respectively, and are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 

(c) 
 
 Amounts represent estimated minimum funding requirements for our pension plan. 

(d) 
 
 These amounts are included in our consolidated balance sheet and primarily include payments for postretirement and incentive benefits as well as other contractual obligations. 

 Additionally, we have standby letters of credit in the aggregate amount of 56.9 million, in support of retention levels under our casualty insurance programs and certain lease obligations, which expire periodically through April 30, 2022. 
 Operating Leases 
 We lease certain property, plant and equipment for various periods under noncancelable operating leases, including 75 of our vehicle fleet, approximately 28 of our customer service centers and portions of our information systems equipment. Rental expense under operating leases was 37.8 million, 31.9 million and 31.3 million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Future minimum rental commitments under noncancelable operating lease agreements as of September 25, 2021 are presented in the table above. 
 Guarantees 
 Certain of our operating leases, primarily those for transportation equipment with remaining lease periods scheduled to expire periodically through fiscal 2028, contain residual value guarantee provisions. Under those provisions, we guarantee that the fair value of the equipment will equal or exceed the guaranteed amount upon completion of the lease period, or we will pay the lessor the difference between fair value and the guaranteed amount. Although the fair value of equipment at the end of its lease term has historically exceeded the guaranteed amounts, the maximum potential amount of aggregate future payments we could be required to make under these leasing arrangements, assuming the equipment is deemed worthless at the end of the lease term, was approximately 29.4 million. The fair value of residual value guarantees for outstanding operating leases was de minimis as of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020. 
 Recently Issued/Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Part IV, Note 2 of this Annual Report. 
 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 Commodity Price Risk 
 We enter into product supply contracts that are generally one-year agreements subject to annual renewal, and also purchase product on the open market. Our propane supply contracts typically provide for pricing based upon index formulas using the posted prices established at major supply points such as Mont Belvieu, Texas, or Conway, Kansas (plus transportation costs) at the time of delivery. In addition, to supplement our annual purchase requirements, we may utilize forward fixed price purchase contracts to acquire a portion of the propane that we resell to our customers, which allows us to manage our exposure to unfavorable changes in commodity prices and to ensure adequate physical supply. The percentage of contract purchases, and the amount of supply contracted for under forward contracts at fixed prices, will vary from year to year based on market conditions. In certain instances, and when market conditions are favorable, we are able to purchase product under our supply arrangements at a discount to the market. 
 Product cost changes can occur rapidly over a short period of time and can impact profitability. We attempt to reduce commodity price risk by pricing product on a short-term basis. The level of priced, physical product maintained in storage facilities and at our customer service centers for immediate sale to our customers will vary depending on several factors, including, but not limited to, price, supply and demand dynamics for a given time of the year. Typically, our on hand priced position does not exceed more than four to eight weeks of our supply needs, depending on the time of the year. In the course of normal operations, we routinely enter into contracts such as forward priced physical contracts for the purchase or sale of propane and fuel oil that, under accounting rules for derivative instruments and hedging activities, qualify for and are designated as normal purchase or normal sale contracts. Such contracts are exempted from fair value accounting and are accounted for at the time product is purchased or sold under the related contract. 
 Under our hedging and risk management strategies, we enter into a combination of exchange-traded futures and options contracts and, in certain instances, over-the-counter options and swap contracts (collectively, derivative instruments to manage the price risk associated with physical product and with future purchases of the commodities used in our operations, principally propane and fuel oil, as well as to help ensure the availability of product during periods of high demand. In addition, we sell propane and fuel oil to customers at fixed prices, and enter into derivative instruments to hedge a portion of our exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices as a result of selling the fixed price contracts. We do not use derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. Futures and swap contracts require that we sell or acquire propane or fuel oil at a fixed price for delivery at fixed future dates. An option contract allows, but does not require, its holder to buy or sell propane or fuel oil at a specified price during a specified time period. However, the writer of an option contract must fulfill the obligation of the option contract, should the holder choose to exercise the option. At expiration, the contracts are settled by the delivery of the product to the respective party or are settled by the payment of a net amount equal to the difference between the then market price and the fixed contract price or option exercise price. To the extent that we utilize derivative instruments to manage exposure to commodity price risk and commodity prices move adversely in relation to the contracts, we could suffer losses on those derivative instruments when settled. Conversely, if prices move favorably, we could realize gains. Under our hedging and risk management strategy, realized gains or losses on derivative instruments will typically offset losses or gains on the physical inventory once the product is sold to customers at market prices, or delivered to customers as it pertains to fixed price contracts. 
 Futures are traded with brokers of the NYMEX and require daily cash settlements in margin accounts. Forward contracts are generally settled at the expiration of the contract term by physical delivery, and swap and options contracts are generally settled at expiration through a net settlement mechanism. Market risks associated with our derivative instruments are monitored daily for compliance with our Hedging and Risk Management Policy which includes volume limits for open positions. Open inventory positions are reviewed and managed daily as to exposures to changing market prices. 
 Credit Risk 
 Exchange-traded futures and options contracts are guaranteed by the NYMEX and, as a result, have minimal credit risk. We are subject to credit risk with over-the-counter forward, swap and options contracts to the extent the counterparties do not perform. We evaluate the financial condition of each counterparty with which we conduct business and establish credit limits to reduce exposure to the risk of non-performance by our counterparties. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 A portion of our borrowings bear interest at prevailing interest rates based upon, at the Operating Partnership s option, LIBOR, plus an applicable margin or the base rate, defined as the higher of the Federal Funds Rate plus of 1 or the agent bank s prime rate, or LIBOR plus 1 , plus the applicable margin. The applicable margin is dependent on the level of our total consolidated leverage (the total ratio of debt to consolidated EBITDA). Therefore, we are subject to interest rate risk on the variable component of the interest rate. From time to time, we enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage a part of our variable interest rate risk. The interest rate swaps are designated as cash flow hedges. Changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are recognized in other 
 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 comprehensive income OCI until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. At September 25, 2021 , we were not party to any interest rate swap agreement. 
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 All of our derivative instruments are reported on the balance sheet at their fair values. On the date that derivative instruments are entered into, we make a determination as to whether the derivative instrument qualifies for designation as a hedge. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments are recorded each period in current period earnings or OCI, depending on whether a derivative instrument is designated as a hedge and, if so, the type of hedge. For derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges, we formally assess, both at the hedge contract s inception and on an ongoing basis, whether the hedge contract is highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged items. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges are reported in OCI to the extent effective and reclassified into earnings during the same period in which the hedged item affects earnings. The mark-to-market gains or losses on ineffective portions of cash flow hedges are immediately recognized in earnings. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that are not designated as cash flow hedges, and that do not meet the normal purchase and normal sale exemption, are recorded in earnings as they occur. Cash flows associated with derivative instruments are reported as operating activities within the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 Sensitivity Analysis 
 In an effort to estimate our exposure to unfavorable market price changes in commodities related to our open positions under derivative instruments, we developed a model that incorporates the following data and assumptions: 

A. 
 
 The fair value of open positions as of September 25, 2021. 

B. 
 
 The market prices for the underlying commodities used to determine A. above were adjusted adversely by a hypothetical 10 change and compared to the fair value amounts in A. above to project the potential negative impact on earnings that would be recognized for the respective scenario. 

 Based on the sensitivity analysis described above, the hypothetical 10 adverse change in market prices for open derivative instruments as of September 25, 2021 indicates a decrease in potential future net gains of 18.5 million. See also Item 7A of this Annual Report. The above hypothetical change does not reflect the worst case scenario. Actual results may be significantly different depending on market conditions and the composition of the open position portfolio. 

41 
 
 Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 Our Consolidated Financial Statements and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon listed on the accompanying Index to Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 (see page F-1) and the Supplemental Financial Information listed on the accompanying Index to Financial Statement Schedule in Part IV, Item 15 (see page S-1) are included herein. 
 Selected Quarterly Financial Data 
 Due to the seasonality of the retail propane, fuel oil and other refined fuel and natural gas businesses, our first and second quarter revenues and earnings are consistently greater than third and fourth quarter results. The following presents our selected quarterly financial data for the last two fiscal years (unaudited in thousands, except per unit amounts). 

First 
 Quarter 

Second 
 Quarter 

Third 
 Quarter 

Fourth 
 Quarter 

Total 
 Year 

Fiscal 2021 

Revenues 

305,191 

537,238 

238,085 

208,241 

1,288,755 

Costs of products sold 

103,379 

231,567 

83,056 

67,476 

485,478 

Operating income 

57,686 

147,157 

8,003 

390 

213,236 

Loss on debt extinguishment (a) 

16,029 

16,029 

Net income (loss) 

37,977 

127,216 

(26,021 

(16,379 

122,793 

Net income (loss) per Common Unit - basic (b) 

0.61 

2.03 

(0.41 

(0.26 

1.96 

Net income (loss) per Common Unit - diluted (b) 

0.61 

2.02 

(0.41 

(0.26 

1.94 

Cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

4,234 

97,595 

78,948 

45,775 

226,552 

Investing activities 

(11,214 

(8,091 

(8,503 

(6,267 

(34,075 

Financing activities 

9,153 

(88,088 

(71,169 

(39,705 

(189,809 

EBITDA (c) 

84,625 

172,921 

18,143 

20,901 

296,590 

Adjusted EBITDA (c) 

80,021 

172,038 

23,291 

330 

275,680 

Retail gallons sold 

Propane 

111,683 

169,058 

76,702 

62,315 

419,758 

Fuel oil and refined fuels 

6,406 

11,041 

3,854 

2,738 

24,039 

Fiscal 2020 

Revenues 

333,878 

401,055 

206,906 

166,058 

1,107,897 

Costs of products sold 

118,600 

150,118 

59,689 

54,544 

382,951 

Operating income (loss) 

59,854 

97,625 

4,880 

(22,089 

140,270 

Loss on debt extinguishment (a) 

109 

109 

Net income (loss) 

40,163 

77,361 

(15,578 

(41,188 

60,758 

Net income (loss) per Common Unit - basic (b) 

0.65 

1.24 

(0.25 

(0.66 

0.98 

Net income (loss) per Common Unit - diluted (b) 

0.64 

1.23 

(0.25 

(0.66 

0.97 

Cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

15,612 

75,707 

77,665 

40,370 

209,354 

Investing activities 

(33,226 

(6,880 

(5,465 

(7,672 

(53,243 

Financing activities 

21,090 

(69,549 

(73,209 

(33,744 

(155,412 

EBITDA (c) 

88,150 

125,825 

32,155 

6,000 

252,130 

Adjusted EBITDA (c) 

85,374 

130,648 

32,194 

5,456 

253,672 

Retail gallons sold 

Propane 

121,151 

145,098 

75,383 

61,225 

402,857 

Fuel oil and refined fuels 

8,437 

10,120 

4,797 

2,685 

26,039 

a 
 
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2021, we repurchased, satisfied and discharged all of our previously outstanding 2024 Senior Notes and 2025 Senior Notes with net proceeds from the issuance of the 2031 Senior Notes, and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. In connection with this tender offer and redemption, we recognized a loss on the extinguishment of debt of 16.0 million consisting of 6.2 million and 5.2 million for the redemption premium and related fees for the 2024 

42 
 
 Table of Contents 

Senior Notes and 2025 Senior Notes, respectively, as well as the write-off of 2 . 9 million and 1 . 7 million in unamortized debt origination costs for the 2024 Senior Notes and 2025 Senior Notes, respectively . During the second quarter of fiscal 2020, we entered into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement that provides for a five-year 500.0 million revolving credit facility. In connection with this amendment , we recognized a non-cash charge of 0.1 million to write-off a portion of unamortized debt origination costs of the previous credit agreement. 

b 
 
 Basic net income (loss) per Common Unit is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of outstanding Common Units, and restricted units granted under the Restricted Unit Plans to retirement-eligible grantees. Computations of diluted net income per Common Unit are performed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of outstanding Common Units and unvested restricted units granted under our Restricted Unit Plans. Diluted loss per Common Unit for the periods where a net loss was reported does not include unvested restricted units granted under our Restricted Unit Plans as their effect would be anti-dilutive. 

c 
 
 EBITDA represents net income before deducting interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA excluding the unrealized net gain or loss on mark-to-market activity for derivative instruments and other items, as applicable, as provided in the table below. Our management uses EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as supplemental measures of operating performance and we are including them because we believe that they provide our investors and industry analysts with additional information to evaluate our operating results. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not recognized terms under US GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income or net cash provided by operating activities determined in accordance with US GAAP. Because EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as determined by us excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income, they may not be comparable to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled measures used by other companies. The following table sets forth our calculations of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA: 

First 
 Quarter 

Second 
 Quarter 

Third 
 Quarter 

Fourth 
 Quarter 

Total 
 Year 

Fiscal 2021 

Net income (loss) 

37,977 

127,216 

(26,021 

(16,379 

122,793 

Add: 

Provision for income taxes 

496 

267 

173 

174 

1,110 

Interest expense, net 

18,135 

18,092 

16,737 

15,168 

68,132 

Depreciation and amortization 

28,017 

27,346 

27,254 

21,938 

104,555 

EBITDA 

84,625 

172,921 

18,143 

20,901 

296,590 

Unrealized non-cash (gains) on changes 
 in fair value of derivatives 

(4,855 

(1,638 

(11,139 

(25,489 

(43,121 

Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal charge 

4,317 

4,317 

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliate 

251 

185 

116 

355 

907 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

16,029 

16,029 

Pension settlement charge 

570 

142 

246 

958 

Adjusted EBITDA 

80,021 

172,038 

23,291 

330 

275,680 

Fiscal 2020 

Net income (loss) 

40,163 

77,361 

(15,578 

(41,188 

60,758 

Add: 

(Benefit from) provision for income taxes 

(359 

106 

107 

(146 

Interest expense, net 

19,072 

19,176 

18,474 

18,005 

74,727 

Depreciation and amortization 

29,274 

29,288 

29,153 

29,076 

116,791 

EBITDA 

88,150 

125,825 

32,155 

6,000 

252,130 

Unrealized non-cash (gains) losses on changes 
 in fair value of derivatives 

(2,776 

4,714 

(861 

(695 

382 

Pension settlement charge 

900 

151 

1,051 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

109 

109 

Adjusted EBITDA 

85,374 

130,648 

32,194 

5,456 

253,672 

43 
 
 Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Partnership maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the Partnership s filings and submissions under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Partnership s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Before filing this Annual Report, the Partnership completed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Partnership s management, including the Partnership s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures as of September 25, 2021. Based on this evaluation, the Partnership s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of September 25, 2021, such disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide the reasonable assurance level described above. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 25, 2021, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting is included below. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Partnership is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Partnership's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance as to the reliability of the Partnership's financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 The Partnership s management has assessed the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of September 25, 2021. In making this assessment, the Partnership used the criteria established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). These criteria are in the areas of control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication, and monitoring. The Partnership's assessment included documenting, evaluating and testing the design and operating effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. 
 Based on the Partnership s assessment, as described above, management has concluded that, as of September 25, 2021, the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, issued an attestation report dated November 24, 2021 on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

 None. 

44 
 
 Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND PARTNERSHIP GOVERNANCE 

 Partnership Management 
 Our Partnership Agreement provides that all management powers over our business and affairs are exclusively vested in our Board of Supervisors and, subject to the direction of the Board of Supervisors, our officers. No Unitholder has any management power over our business and affairs or actual or apparent authority to enter into contracts on behalf of or otherwise to bind us. Under the current Partnership Agreement, members of our Board of Supervisors are elected by the Unitholders for three-year terms. 
 All seven of our current Supervisors, namely Messrs. Matthew J. Chanin, Harold R. Logan Jr., Lawrence C. Caldwell, Terence J. Connors, William M. Landuyt, Michael A. Stivala and Ms. Jane Swift, were elected to their current three-year terms at the Tri-Annual Meeting of our Unitholders held on May 18, 2021. 
 Three Supervisors, who are not officers or employees of the Partnership or its subsidiaries, currently serve on the Audit Committee with authority to review, approve or ratify, at the request of the Board of Supervisors, specific matters as to which the Board of Supervisors believes there may be a conflict of interest, or which may be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K adopted by the SEC, in order to determine if the resolution or course of action in respect of such conflict proposed by the Board of Supervisors is fair and reasonable to us. Under the Partnership Agreement, any matter that receives the Special Approval of the Audit Committee (i.e., approval by a majority of the members of the Audit Committee) is conclusively deemed to be fair and reasonable to us, is deemed approved by all of our partners and shall not constitute a breach of the Partnership Agreement or any duty stated or implied by law or equity as long as the material facts known to the party having the potential conflict of interest regarding that matter were disclosed to the Audit Committee at the time it gave Special Approval. The Audit Committee also assists the Board of Supervisors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities relating to (i) integrity of the Partnership s financial statements and internal control over financial reporting (ii) the Partnership s compliance with applicable laws, regulations and its code of conduct (iii) the Partnership s major financial risk exposure and the steps management has taken to monitor and mitigate such risks (iv) review and approval of related person transactions (v) the engagement, independence, qualifications and compensation of the internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm (vi) the performance of the internal audit function and the independent registered public accounting firm and (vii) financial reporting and accounting complaints. 
 The Board of Supervisors has determined that all three current members of the Audit Committee, Terence J. Connors, Lawrence C. Caldwell and William M. Landuyt, are independent and are audit committee financial experts within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance listing standards and in accordance with Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act, Item 407 of Regulation S-K and the Partnership s criteria for Supervisor independence (as discussed in Item 13, herein) as of the date of this Annual Report. 
 Mr. Chanin, Chairman of the Board, presides at regularly scheduled executive sessions of the non-management Supervisors, all of whom are independent, held as part of the regular meetings of the Board of Supervisors. Investors and other parties interested in communicating directly with the non-management Supervisors as a group may do so by writing to the Non-Management Members of the Board of Supervisors, c/o Company Secretary, Suburban Propane Partners, L.P., P.O. Box 206, Whippany, New Jersey 07981-0206. 

45 
 
 Table of Contents 

Board of Supervisors and Executive Officers of the Partnership 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the members of the Board of Supervisors and our executive officers as of November 24, 2021. Officers are appointed by the Board of Supervisors for one year terms and Supervisors (other than those elected by the Board to fill vacancies) are elected by the Unitholders for three year terms. 

Name 

Age 

Position With the Partnership 

Michael A. Stivala 

52 

President and Chief Executive Officer Member of the Board of Supervisors 

Michael A. Kuglin 

51 

Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer 

Steven C. Boyd 

57 

Chief Operating Officer 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

60 

Senior Vice President Product Supply, Purchasing & Logistics 

Neil E. Scanlon 

56 

Senior Vice President Information Services 

Daniel S. Bloomstein 

48 

Vice President and Controller 

Daniel W. Boyd 

54 

Vice President Area Operations 

Gregory L. Boyd 

56 

Vice President Area Operations 

Francesca Cleffi 

51 

Vice President Human Resources 

M. Douglas Dagan 

42 

Vice President, Strategic Initiatives Renewable Energy 

A. Davin D Ambrosio 

57 

Vice President and Treasurer 

Bryon L. Koepke 

49 

Vice President General Counsel and Secretary 

Keith P. Onderdonk 

57 

Vice President Operational Support 

Robert T. Ross 

68 

Vice President Area Operations 

Nandini Sankara 

42 

Vice President Marketing and Brand Strategy 

Michael A. Schueler 

55 

Vice President Product Supply 

Dee Arthur Tate 

57 

Vice President Area Operations 

Matthew J. Chanin 

67 

Member of the Board of Supervisors (Chair) 

Harold R. Logan, Jr. 

77 

Member of the Board of Supervisors 

Jane Swift 

56 

Member of the Board of Supervisors (Chair of the Compensation Committee) 

Lawrence C. Caldwell 

75 

Member of the Board of Supervisors 

Terence J. Connors 

67 

Member of the Board of Supervisors (Chair of the Audit Committee) 

William M. Landuyt 

66 

Member of the Board of Supervisors 

Mr. Stivala has served as our President since April 2014 and as our Chief Executive Officer since September 2014. Mr. Stivala has served as a Supervisor since November 2014. From November 2009 until March 2014 he was our Chief Financial Officer, and, before that, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer since October 2007. Prior to that, he was our Controller and Chief Accounting Officer since May 2005 and Controller since December 2001. Before joining the Partnership, he held several positions with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an international accounting firm, most recently as Senior Manager in the Assurance practice. Mr. Stivala currently serves on the Board of Directors of Oberon Fuels, Inc., in which we currently own a 39 equity stake and on the Board of Directors of the International DME Association. In addition, Mr. Stivala is a member of the Regional Council of the New Jersey Region of the American Red Cross and a member of the Global Industry Council of the World LPG Association. 
 Mr. Stivala s qualifications to sit on our Board include his twenty years of experience in the propane industry, including as our current President and Chief Executive Officer and, before that, as our Chief Financial Officer for seven years, which day to day leadership roles have provided him with intimate knowledge of our operations. 
 Mr. Kuglin has served as our Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer since September 2014 and was our Vice President Finance and Chief Accounting Officer from April 2014 through September 2014. Prior to that, he served as our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since November 2011, our Controller and Chief Accounting Officer since November 2009 and our Controller since October 2007. For the eight years prior to joining the Partnership, he held several financial and managerial positions with Alcatel-Lucent, a global communications solutions provider. Prior to Alcatel-Lucent, Mr. Kuglin held several positions with the international accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, most recently as Manager in the Assurance practice. Mr. Kuglin is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 
 Mr. Steven Boyd has served as our Chief Operating Officer since October 2017 and before that was our Senior Vice President Operations (September 2015 October 2017) and our Senior Vice President Field Operations since April 2014. Previously he was our Vice President Field Operations (formerly Vice President Operations) since October 2008, our Southeast and Western Area Vice President since March 2007, Managing Director Area Operations since November 2003 and Regional Manager Northern California since May 1997. Mr. Steven Boyd held various managerial positions with predecessors of the Partnership from 1986 through 1996. 
 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Mr. Brinkworth has served as our Senior Vice President Product Supply, Purchasing & Logistics since April 2014 and was previously our Vice President Product Supply (formerly Vice President Supply) since May 2005. Mr. Brinkworth joined the Partnership in April 1997 after a nine-year career with Goldman Sachs and, since joining the Partnership , has served in various positions in the product supply area. 
 Mr. Scanlon became our Senior Vice President Information Services in April 2014, after serving as our Vice President Information Services since November 2008. Prior to that, he served as our Assistant Vice President Information Services since November 2007, Managing Director Information Services from November 2002 to November 2007 and Director Information Services from April 1997 until November 2002. Prior to joining the Partnership, Mr. Scanlon spent several years with JP Morgan & Co., most recently as Vice President Corporate Systems and earlier held several positions with Andersen Consulting, an international systems consulting firm, most recently as Manager. 
 Mr. Bloomstein joined the Partnership as its Controller in April 2014 and was promoted to Vice President and Controller in October 2017. For the ten years prior to joining the Partnership, he held several executive financial and accounting positions with The Access Group, a network of professional services companies, and with Dow Jones & Company, Inc., a global news and financial information company. Mr. Bloomstein started his career with the international accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, working his way to the level of Manager in the Assurance practice. Mr. Bloomstein is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 
 
 Mr. Daniel Boyd has served as our Vice President Area Operations since November 2020. Prior to that, he was Managing Director Area Operations for our Northeast Area since October 2019 and before that, he was General Manager of our Southwest Region since October 2014. He joined the Partnership in October 1991 as a delivery driver, and has since held various regional management positions within our field operations. Mr. Daniel Boyd is also a US Navy Veteran who served in Operation Desert Storm, Persian Gulf War. 
 Mr. Gregory Boyd has served as our Vice President Area Operations since November 2020. Prior to that appointment, he was Managing Director for the West/Southwest Area responsible for 16 states in the region since 2012 and before that, he served as General Manager for the Northwest area covering 8 states in the region since 2006. Prior to that, he was Regional Manager for northern California, Oregon, Washington and Alaska, and before that served several management roles in the Pacific Northwest Area since 1992. Mr. Gregory Boyd started his career at the Partnership in 1989 as a driver/service technician at one of our Washington locations. 
 Ms. Cleffi has served as our Vice President Human Resources since November 2020. Prior to that appointment, she served as our Managing Director Human Resources since June 2020 and before that she served as our Managing Director Compensation, Talent Management and Operational Human Resources since October 2017. Prior to that, Ms. Cleffi served as our Director Compensation and Talent Management from October 2007 to October 2017. Ms. Cleffi joined the Partnership in October 1992 and has held various positions in the Human Resources area since that time. 
 Mr. Dagan has served as our Vice President, Strategic Initiatives Renewable Energy since March 2021. Prior to joining the Partnership, he was a senior associate at the law firm of Bevan, Mosca, & Giuditta, P.C., and the Director of Public Affairs and Government Relations for the firm s affiliate, bmgstrategies, since 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Dagan was engaged in the practice of law at the Law Practice of M. Douglas Dagan since 2013. Mr. Dagan s practice over his career has focused on advising companies on the development of renewable energy projects, environmental management, advocating for environmental and renewable energy policies, and supporting climate change strategies and initiatives. 
 Mr. D Ambrosio has served as our Treasurer since November 2002 and was promoted to Vice President in October 2007. He served as our Assistant Treasurer from October 2000 to November 2002 and as Director of Treasury Services from January 1998 to October 2000. Mr. D Ambrosio joined the Partnership in May 1996 after ten years in the commercial banking industry. 
 Mr. Koepke became our Vice President General Counsel and Secretary in October 2019, after serving as our Vice President Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary since March 2019. For the nineteen years prior to joining the Partnership, Mr. Koepke served as Senior Vice President, Chief Securities Counsel for Avis Budget Group, Inc., from October 2011 until joining the Partnership and prior to that as Corporate Counsel Securities for Caterpillar Inc. and as a senior attorney advisor for the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Mr. Koepke also serves as the President and member of the Board of Directors for the Association of Corporate Counsel New Jersey. 
 Mr. Onderdonk has served as our Vice President Operational Support since November 2015 and before that was our Assistant Vice President Financial Planning and Analysis since November 2013. Prior to that, he served as our Managing Director, Financial 
 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Planning and Analysis from November 2010 to November 2013. Mr. Onderdonk joined the Partnership in September 2001 after fourteen years in the consumer products industry. 
 Mr. Ross has served as our Vice President Area Operations since November 2020 and before that was our Managing Director Area Operations for our Southeast Area since April 2011. Prior to that, he served in various management positions within our field operations since joining the Partnership in 1997. Mr. Ross has also served as the past President of the Florida Propane Gas Association and has served as Chair of the Florida Propane Gas Safety, Education and Research Council. 
 Ms. Sankara has served as our Vice President, Marketing & Brand Strategy since November 2021 and before that was our Assistant Vice President, Marketing & Brand Strategy since May 2017. Prior to joining Suburban Propane, she held several leadership positions in her career, including Global Customer Experience, Market Intelligence, and Product Management with Sealed Air Corporation from September 2011 to December 2016. Prior to that, Ms. Sankara served as the Director and Head of Marketing & Brand with Aetna from April 2009 to September 2011. Ms. Sankara also served in several global marketing positions with Pitney Bowes from January 2001 to December 2009. 
 Mr. Schueler has served as our Vice President Product Supply since October 2017 and before that was our Managing Director Product Supply since November 2013. Mr. Schueler joined the Partnership as Director Product Resources in July 2005 following a nine-year career at Public Service Enterprise Group and prior to that, eight years at Kraft Foods. 
 
 Mr. Tate has served as our Vice President Area Operations since November 2020 and before that he was our Managing Director Area Operations for our Mid-Atlantic and Midwest territories since February 2011. Prior to that, he served as our Regional Manager from September 1993 to February 2011. Mr. Tate joined the Partnership in 1985 and has held various management positions within field operations over his more than 35 years of service. 
 Mr. Chanin has served as a Supervisor since November 2012 and was elected as Chairman of the Board of Supervisors effective January 1, 2021. He was Senior Managing Director of Prudential Investment Management, a subsidiary of Prudential Financial, Inc., from 1996 until his retirement in January 2012, after which he continued to provide consulting services to Prudential until December 2016. He headed Prudential s private fixed income business, chaired an internal committee responsible for strategic investing and was a principal in Prudential Capital Partners, the firm s mezzanine investment business. He currently provides consulting services to two clients, and, until October 2017, served as a Director of two private companies that were in the fund portfolios of Prudential Capital Partners. 
 Mr. Chanin s qualifications to sit on our Board, and serve as Chairman of the Board and Chair of its Nominating/Governance Committee, include 35 years of investment experience with a focus on highly structured private placements in companies in a broad range of industries, with a particular focus on energy companies. He has previously served on the audit committee of a public company board and the compensation committee for a private company board. Mr. Chanin has earned an MBA and is a Chartered Financial Analyst. 
 Mr. Logan has served as a Supervisor since March 1996 and served as Chairman of the Board of Supervisors from January 2007 until December 31, 2020. Mr. Logan co-founded, and from 2006 to May 2018 served as a Director of Basic Materials and Services LLC, an investment company that, until it went inactive in May 2018, invested in companies that provide specialized infrastructure services and materials for the pipeline construction industry and the sand/silica industry. From 2003 to September 2006, Mr. Logan was a Director and Chairman of the Finance Committee of the Board of Directors of TransMontaigne Inc., which provided logistical services (i.e. pipeline, terminaling and marketing) to producers and end-users of refined petroleum products. From 1995 to 2002, Mr. Logan was Executive Vice President/Finance, Treasurer and a Director of TransMontaigne Inc. From 1987 to 1995, Mr. Logan served as Senior Vice President Finance and a Director of Associated Natural Gas Corporation, an independent gatherer and marketer of natural gas, natural gas liquids and crude oil. Mr. Logan is also a Director of Hart Energy Publishing LLP, and, through October 2021 was a Director of Cimarex Energy Co. prior to its merger with Cabot Oil & Gas Corp., through May 2019, was a Director of InfraREIT, Inc. and through May 2017, was a Director of Graphic Packaging Holding Company. 
 Over the past forty plus years, Mr. Logan s education, investment banking/venture capital experience and business/financial management experience have provided him with a comprehensive understanding of business and finance. Most of Mr. Logan s business experience has been in the energy industry, both in investment banking and as a senior financial officer and director of publicly-owned energy companies. Mr. Logan s expertise and experience have been relevant to his responsibilities of providing oversight and advice to the managements of public companies, and is of particular benefit in his role as a Supervisor. Since 1996, Mr. Logan has been a director of ten public companies and has served on audit, compensation and governance committees. 
 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Ms. Swift has served as a Supervisor since April 2007. In July 2019 , Ms. Swift was appointed President and Executive Director of LearnLaunch Institute , a not-for-profit educational institution in Boston, Massachusetts . From January 2018 through February 2019 , Ms. Swift served as Executive Chair of Ultimate Medical Academy, a not-for-profit healthcare educational institution with a national presence. From August 2011 through April 2017, Ms. Swift served as the CEO of Middlebury Interactive Languages, LLC, a marketer of world language products. From 2010 through July 2011, she served as Senior Vice President ConnectEDU Inc., a private education technology company. In 2007, Ms. Swift founded WNP Consulting, LLC, a provider of expert advice and guidance to early stage education companies. From 2003 to 2006 she was a General Partner at Arcadia Partners, a venture capital firm focused on the education industry. Prior to joining Arcadia, Ms. Swift served for fifteen years in Massachusetts state government, becoming Massachusetts first woman governor in 2001. Ms. Swift also serves as an advisor to national education organizations, including Whiteboard Advisors, a leading education research, consulting and communications firm in the United States and Edmentum, a leading national provider of online learning programs, located in Bloomington, Minnesota. Ms. Swift also serves on the Board of Directors of Climb Credit, in Brooklyn, New York, an alternative finance company that provides funding for post-secondary education opportunities . She has previously served on the boards of both public and private companies in the education space, including K12, Inc., Animated Speech Company, Sally Ride Science Inc., Teachers of Tomorrow and eDynamics Learning. 
 Ms. Swift s qualifications to sit on our Board, and serve as Chair of its Compensation Committee, include her strong experience in public policy and government, and her extensive knowledge of regulatory matters arising from her fifteen years in state government. 
 Mr. Caldwell has served as a Supervisor since November 2012. He was a Co-Founder of New Canaan Investments, Inc. NCI ), a private equity investment firm, where he was one of three senior officers of the firm from 1988 to 2005. NCI was an active fix and build investor in packaging, chemicals, and automotive components companies. Mr. Caldwell held a number of board directorships and senior management positions in those companies until he retired in 2005. The largest of these companies was Kerr Group, Inc., a plastic closure and bottle company where Mr. Caldwell served as Director for eight years and Chief Financial Officer for six years. From 1985 to 1988, Mr. Caldwell was head of acquisitions for Moore McCormack Resources, Inc., an oil and gas exploration, shipping, and construction materials company. Mr. Caldwell also currently serves on the Board of Trustees and as Chairman of the Investment Committee of Historic Deerfield, and as the President of the Board of The New Canaan Museum and Historical Society both of which non-profit institutions focus on enriching educational programs for K-12 children locally and nationwide. 
 Mr. Caldwell's qualifications to sit on our Board include over forty years of successful investing in and managing of a broad range of public and private businesses in a number of different industries. This experience has encompassed both turnaround situations, and the building of companies through internal growth and acquisitions. 
 Mr. Connors has served as a Supervisor since January 2017. Mr. Connors retired in September 2015 from KPMG LLP after nearly forty years in public accounting. Prior to joining KPMG in 2002, he was a partner with another large international accounting firm. During his career, he served as a senior audit and global lead partner for numerous public companies, including Fortune 500 companies. At KPMG, he was a professional practice partner, SEC Reviewing Partner and was elected to serve as a member of KPMG s board of directors (2011-2015), where he chaired the Audit, Finance & Operations Committee. Mr. Connors currently serves as a director and audit committee chair of FS Credit Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., a commercial mortgage nontraded real estate investment trust, and AdaptHealth Corp., a leading provider of home healthcare equipment and services in the United States. He previously served as a director and audit committee chair of Cardone Industries, Inc., one of the largest privately-held automotive parts remanufacturers in the world. 
 Mr. Connors qualifications to sit on our Board, and serve as Chair of its Audit Committee, include his extensive experience as a lead audit partner for numerous public companies across a variety of industries, which enables him to provide helpful insights to the Board in connection with its oversight of financial, accounting and internal control matters. 
 Mr. Landuyt has served as a Supervisor since January 1, 2017. Since 2003, Mr. Landuyt has served as a Managing Director at Charterhouse Strategic Partners, LLC, and its predecessors Charterhouse ), private equity firms with a focus on build-ups, management buyouts, and growth capital investments primarily in the business services and healthcare services sectors, and has served on the Boards of Directors of a number of portfolio companies of those firms. From 1996 to 2003, Mr. Landuyt served as Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Millennium Chemicals, Inc. Millennium ), and from 1983 to 1996 he served as Finance Director of Hanson plc and several other senior executive positions with Hanson Industries, the U.S. subsidiary of Hanson plc (collectively, Hanson, ), including Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and ultimately Director, President and Chief Executive Officer. Hanson and Millennium were both previous owners of the Partnership or its predecessor through 1996 and 1999, respectively. He joined Hanson after spending six years as a Certified Public Accountant and auditor at Price Waterhouse & Co., where he rose to the position of Senior Manager. Mr. Landuyt has previously served on the Boards of Directors (including their 
 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Audit and Compensation Committees) of public companies, including Bethlehem Steel Corp., MxEnergy Holdings, Inc., a leading retail marketer of natural gas and electricity contracts, and Top Image Systems, Inc. Mr. Landuyt is also the Co-Founder and Executive Director of Celtic Charms, Inc., a non-profit therapeutic horsemanship center serving people with physical and cognitive disabilities and disorders. 
 Mr. Landuyt s qualifications to sit on our Board include forty years of financial and executive management experience for both public and private companies, including extensive experience with mergers and acquisitions and corporate governance. Additionally, his specific responsibility for supervision of the Partnership s predecessors, as well as his subsequent board-level involvement in the distribution, petrochemical and retail energy sectors through Charterhouse s investments in those sectors, gives Mr. Landuyt extensive expertise in areas directly relevant to the business of the Partnership. 
 Codes of Ethics and of Business Conduct 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, and a Code of Business Conduct that applies to all of our employees, officers and Supervisors. A copy of our Code of Ethics and our Code of Business Conduct is available without charge from our website at www.suburbanpropane.com or upon written request directed to: Suburban Propane Partners, L.P., Investor Relations, P.O. Box 206, Whippany, New Jersey 07981-0206. Any amendments to, or waivers from, provisions of our Code of Ethics or our Code of Business Conduct will be posted on our website. 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 We have adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines and Principles in accordance with the NYSE corporate governance listing standards in effect as of the date of this Annual Report. In addition, we have adopted certain Corporate Governance Policies, including an Equity Holding Policy for Supervisors and Executives and an Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy. A copy of our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Principles, as well as a copy of the Corporate Governance Policies, is available without charge from our website at www.suburbanpropane.com or upon written request directed to: Suburban Propane Partners, L.P., Investor Relations, P.O. Box 206, Whippany, New Jersey 07981-0206. 
 Audit Committee Charter 
 We have adopted a written Audit Committee Charter in accordance with the NYSE corporate governance listing standards in effect as of the date of this Annual Report. The Audit Committee Charter is reviewed periodically to ensure that it meets all applicable legal and NYSE listing requirements. A copy of our Audit Committee Charter is available without charge from our website at www.suburbanpropane.com or upon written request directed to: Suburban Propane Partners, L.P., Investor Relations, P.O. Box 206, Whippany, New Jersey 07981-0206. 
 Compensation Committee Charter 
 The Compensation Committee reviews the performance of, and sets the compensation for, all of the Partnership s executives. It also approves the design of executive compensation programs. In addition, the Compensation Committee participates in executive succession planning and management development. Three Supervisors, who are not officers or employees of the Partnership or its subsidiaries, currently serve on the Compensation Committee. The Board of Supervisors has determined that all three current members of the Compensation Committee, Jane Swift, Matthew J. Chanin and Harold R. Logan, Jr. are independent. 
 During fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, the Compensation Committee independently retained Willis Towers Watson, a human resources consulting firm, to assist the Compensation Committee in developing certain components of the compensation packages for the Partnership s executive officers. See Item 11 below. 
 We have adopted a Compensation Committee Charter in accordance with the NYSE corporate governance listing standards in effect as of the date of this Annual Report. A copy of our Compensation Committee Charter is available without charge from our website at www.suburbanpropane.com or upon written request directed to: Suburban Propane Partners, L.P., Investor Relations, P.O. Box 206, Whippany, New Jersey 07981-0206. 
 Nominating/Governance Committee Charter 
 The Nominating/Governance Committee participates in Board succession planning and development and identifies individuals qualified to become Board members, recommends to the Board the persons to be nominated for election as Supervisors at any Tri- 
 
 50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Annual Meeting of the Unitholders and the persons (if any) to be elected by the Board to fill any vacancies on the Board, develops and recommends to the Board changes to the Partnership s Corporate Governance Guidelines & Principles when appropriate, and oversees the evaluation of the Board and its committees . The Committee s current members are Matthew J. Chanin (its Chair) , Harold R. Logan, Jr. , Jane Swift , Lawrence C. Caldwell, Terence J. Connors and William M. Landuyt , all of whom are independent in accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines & Principles and the rules of the NYSE. 
 We have adopted a written Nominating/Governance Committee Charter. A copy of our Nominating/Governance Committee Charter is available without charge from our website at www.suburbanpropane.com or upon written request directed to: Suburban Propane Partners, L.P., Investor Relations, P.O. Box 206, Whippany, New Jersey 07981-0206. 
 NYSE Annual CEO Certification 
 The NYSE requires the Chief Executive Officer of each listed company to submit a certification indicating that the company is not in violation of the Corporate Governance listing standards of the NYSE on an annual basis. Our Chief Executive Officer submits his Annual CEO Certification to the NYSE each December. In December 2020, our Chief Executive Officer, Michael A. Stivala, submitted his Annual CEO Certification to the NYSE without qualification. 

51 
 
 Table of Contents 

ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 This Compensation Discussion and Analysis CD&A explains our executive compensation philosophy, policies and practices with respect to those executive officers of the Partnership identified below whom we collectively refer to as our named executive officers : 

Name 

Position 

Michael A. Stivala 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Michael A. Kuglin 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

Steven C. Boyd 

Chief Operating Officer 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

Senior Vice President, Product Supply, Purchasing and Logistics 

Neil E. Scanlon 

Senior Vice President, Information Services 

Key Topics Covered in our CD&A 
 The following table summarizes the main areas of focus in the CD&A: 

Compensation Governance 

Participants in the Compensation Process 

The Annual Compensation Decision Making Process 

Risk Mitigation Policies 

Executive Compensation Philosophy 

Overview 

Pay Mix 

Components of Compensation 

Base Salary 

Annual Cash Bonus 

Long-Term Incentive Plan 

Restricted Unit Plans 

Distribution Equivalent Rights Plan 

Benefits and Perquisites 

Compensation Governance 
 Participants in the Compensation Process 
 Role of the Compensation Committee 
 The Compensation Committee of our Board of Supervisors (the Committee is responsible for overseeing our executive compensation program. In accordance with its charter, available on our website at www.suburbanpropane.com , the Committee ensures that the compensation packages provided to our executive officers are designed in accordance with our compensation philosophy. The Committee reviews and approves the compensation packages of our managing directors, assistant vice presidents, vice presidents, senior vice presidents, and our named executive officers. The Committee establishes and oversees our general compensation philosophy in consultation with our President and Chief Executive Officer, and supplements that by seeking advice, best practices and benchmarking from outside compensation consultants on an as needed basis. 
 Among other duties, the Committee has overall responsibility for: 

Reviewing and approving the compensation of our President and Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer, and our other executive officers 

Reporting to the Board of Supervisors any and all decisions regarding compensation changes for our President and Chief Executive Officer and our other executive officers 

52 
 
 Table of Contents 

Evaluating and approving awards under our annual cash bonus plan, awards under our Long-Term Incentive Plan, grants under our Restricted Unit Plans, and grants under our Distribution Equivalent Rights Plan, as well as all other executive compensation policies and programs 

Approving, administering and interpreting the compensation plans that constitute each component of our executive officers compensation packages 

Engaging consultants, when appropriate, to provide independent, third-party advice on executive officer-related compensation 

Planning for anticipated and unexpected leadership changes by engaging in a continual process of management succession planning and 

Reviewing human capital management matters with respect to the Partnership, which may include, but are not limited to, the development, attraction, motivation and retention of personnel, employee diversity and internal communications programs. 

Role of the President and Chief Executive Officer 
 The role of our President and Chief Executive Officer in the executive compensation process is to recommend individual pay adjustments, grants of restricted units under the Restricted Unit Plans and other adjustments to the compensation packages of the executive officers, other than for himself, to the Committee based on market conditions, the Partnership s performance and individual performance. When recommending individual pay adjustments for the executive officers, our President and Chief Executive Officer presents the Committee with information comparing each executive officer s current compensation to relevant benchmark data for comparable positions. 
 Role of Outside Consultants 
 Prior to each Committee meeting at which executive compensation packages are reviewed, members of the Committee are provided with benchmarking data from the Mercer Human Resource Consulting, Inc. Mercer database for comparison. The Committee s sole use of the Mercer database is to compare and contrast our executive officers current base salaries, total cash compensation opportunities and total direct compensation to the data provided in the Mercer benchmarking database, which is derived from a proprietary database of surveys from over 2,095 organizations and approximately 2,094 positions that may or may not include similarly-sized national propane marketers. The use of the Mercer database provides a broad base of compensation benchmarking information for companies of a size similar to that of the Partnership. There was no formal consultancy role played by Mercer. Therefore, prior to the Committee s meetings, neither the Committee members nor our President and Chief Executive Officer met with representatives from Mercer. 
 In addition to using the benchmarking data from the Mercer benchmarking database, the Committee has utilized, since fiscal 2013, the services of Willis Towers Watson WTW ), a human resources consulting firm, in developing compensation packages for each of our named executive officers. During fiscal 2019, the Committee engaged WTW to provide current benchmarking recommendations for each of our executive officers. These recommendations were reviewed by the Committee to evaluate and approve compensation packages for each of our named executive officers for fiscal 2020. WTW benchmarked the base salaries, total cash compensation opportunities and total direct compensation of our executive officers in comparison to comparable positions, using market data for similarly-sized companies which were collected by WTW from multiple survey sources across several industries, inclusive of other energy companies in the United States. The Committee used the 2020 Mercer database and the 2019 WTW study in reviewing and establishing executive compensation for fiscal 2021. Because the Committee has followed an informal policy of only considering increases to executive base salaries every other year, the Committee also requests WTW to update their study every other year. The Committee also engaged WTW to perform a benchmarking study of compensation for our executive officers for fiscal 2022 for purposes of establishing adjustments to base salaries, total cash compensation opportunity and total direct compensation. 
 Our Unitholders: Say-on-Pay 
 At their May 18, 2021 Tri-Annual Meeting, our Unitholders overwhelmingly approved an advisory resolution approving executive compensation (commonly referred to as Say-on-Pay ). As a result, the Committee determined that no major revisions of its executive compensation practices were required. However, it remains the Committee s practice to periodically evaluate its compensation practices for possible improvement. The following represents the 2021 Say-on-Pay voting results: 

For 

Against 

Abstain 

Broker Non-Votes 

22,189,183 

2,007,031 

625,130 

20,733,270 

53 
 
 Table of Contents 

The Annual Compensation Decision Making Process 
 Fiscal 2021 Committee Meetings 
 The Committee usually holds three regularly-scheduled meetings during the fiscal year: one in October or November, one in January and one in July, and may meet at other times during the year as warranted. During fiscal 2021, the Committee chose to meet in November, January and July. The Committee finalized the fiscal 2021 compensation packages for our named executive officers at its November 10, 2020 meeting. 
 As in past fiscal years and as referred to above, the Committee was provided with a comprehensive analysis of each executive officer s past and current compensation - including benchmarking data for comparison - to enable it to assess and determine each executive s compensation package for fiscal 2021. Prior to making its decisions regarding each named executive officer s fiscal 2021 compensation package, the Committee reviewed the total cash compensation opportunity that was provided to each named executive officer during the previously completed fiscal year compared to the total mean cash compensation opportunity for the parallel position in the Mercer benchmarking database and to the recommendations provided by WTW for the November 12, 2019 Committee meeting. 
 Our Approach to Setting Compensation Packages 
 The Committee has adopted an informal policy of considering adjustments to the base salaries of our named executive officers every two years (unless specific circumstances warrant adjustments) however, the Committee conducts an annual review of the compensation packages of all of our executive officers. In reviewing and determining the compensation packages of our named executive officers, the Committee considers a number of factors related to each executive including, but not limited to, years of experience in current position, scope and level of responsibility, influence over the affairs of the Partnership and individual performance. The relative importance assigned to each of these factors by the Committee may differ from executive to executive and from year to year. As a result, different weights may be given to different components of compensation among each of our named executive officers. 
 As previously stated, the Committee reviewed benchmarking data from Mercer and WTW for comparison. This benchmarking data is just one of a number of factors considered by the Committee, but, in some cases, is not necessarily the most persuasive factor. The Committee compared total cash compensation opportunities (comprising base salary, annual cash bonuses and distribution equivalent rights payments) to the 50th percentile for the total cash compensation opportunity for the parallel position in both the Mercer benchmarking database and the recommendations provided by WTW. The Committee compared the total direct compensation, which includes the total cash compensation opportunity plus long-term incentives (inclusive of cash settled long-term incentives and grants under the Restricted Unit Plans) to the 75 th percentile of the Mercer benchmarking database and the WTW benchmarking study. The Committee seeks to establish an overall compensation package for each of our executive officers that provides a competitive base salary, the opportunity to earn annual cash incentives based on annual performance targets, with the goal of establishing a total cash compensation opportunity that reflects the 50 th percentile of the relevant benchmark data. The annual total cash compensation opportunity is supplemented with targeted long-term incentive opportunities, in the form of long-term performance-based awards under our Long-Term Incentive Plan and grants of restricted units under our Restricted Unit Plan, to establish the target total direct compensation for each executive officer. 
 Compensation Peer Group 
 The Committee bases its benchmarking on a broad base of companies of a size similar to the Partnership, and does not rely solely on a peer group of other propane marketers. The Committee takes this approach because it believes that the proximity of our headquarters to New York City and the need to realistically compete for skilled executives in an environment shared by numerous other enterprises seeking similarly skilled employees requires a broader review of the market. Furthermore, similarly-sized propane marketers (of which there are only two) compete for executives in different economic environments and have different ownership structures which may influence the comparability of compensation data for executive officer positions. This benchmarking approach has been in place for a number of years. 
 The compensation packages of the named executive officers of Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. and AmeriGas Partners, L.P. were included in the benchmarking studies provided by WTW for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2018 based on data derived from their respective disclosures in their Annual Reports on Form 10-K. These studies were reviewed by the Committee as part of its decision-making process in establishing executive compensation for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020, and fiscal 2019. For purposes of the benchmarking study prepared by WTW for evaluating compensation for fiscal 2022, relevant data for these two companies was no longer available. 
 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Executive Compensation Philosophy 
 Overview 
 
 Our executive compensation program is underpinned by two core objectives: 

To attract and retain talented executives who have the skills and experience required to achieve our goals and 

To align the short-term and long-term interests of our executive officers with those of our Unitholders. 

 We accomplish these objectives by providing our executive officers with compensation packages that provide a competitive base salary combined with the opportunity to earn both short-term and long-term cash incentives based on the achievement of short-term and long-term performance objectives under a pay-for-performance compensation philosophy. Recognizing that certain external factors, such as the severity and unpredictability of winter weather patterns, may have a significant influence on annual financial performance in any given year, the Committee evaluates additional factors in determining the amount of incentive compensation earned. We also provide our executive officers with equity-based compensation opportunities that are intended to align their interests with those of our Unitholders. The various components of compensation provided to our executive officers are specifically linked to either short-term or long-term performance measures, and encourage equity ownership in the Partnership. Therefore, our executive compensation packages are designed to achieve our overall goal of sustainable, profitable growth by rewarding our executive officers for behaviors that facilitate our achievement of this goal. 
 The principal components of the compensation we provide to our named executive officers are as follows: 
 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 

Component 

Purpose 

Features 

Base Salary 

To reward individual performance, 
 experience and scope of responsibility 
 To be competitive with market pay 
 practices 

Reviewed and approved annually 
 Market benchmarked 
 Mean market salary data is considered in 
 determining reasonable levels 

Annual cash incentive 

To drive and reward the delivery of 
 financial and operating performance 
 during a particular fiscal year 

Paid in cash 
 Based on annual EBITDA 
 performance compared to budgeted 
 EBITDA and other qualitative factors 

Cash settled long-term incentives 

To ensure alignment of our executive 
 officers' interests with the long-term 
 interests of our Unitholders 
 To reward activities and practices that 
 are conducive to sustainable, profitable 
 growth and long-term value creation 
 To attract and retain skilled individuals 

Participants are selected by the 
 Committee 
 Annual awards of phantom units settled 
 in cash 
 Measured over a three-year period based 
 on the level of our average distributable 
 cash flow over such three-year 
 measurement period 

Restricted units 

To retain the services of the recipient 
 over the vesting period 
 To further align the long-term interests 
 of the recipient with the long-term 
 interests of our Unitholders through 
 encouragement of equity ownership 
 To mitigate potential shortfalls 
 in total cash compensation of our 
 executive officers when compared 
 to benchmarked total cash compensation 
 To provide an adequate compensation 
 package in connection with an 
 internal promotion 
 To reward outstanding performance 

Participants are selected by the 
 Committee 
 No pre-determined frequency or amounts 
 of awards 
 Plan provides the Committee flexibility 
 to respond to different facts and 
 circumstances 
 Awards normally vest in equal thirds on 
 the first three anniversaries of the 
 date of grant 
 Awards are settled in Common Units 

Distribution Equivalent Rights 

To drive and reward behaviors that lead 
 to distribution sustainability and growth 
 To further align the interests of the 
 recipients with the interests of our 
 Unitholders 
 To encourage our executives to retain 
 their holdings of our Common Units by 
 providing them with funds to settle the 
 income and FICA taxes on their vested 
 restricted units 

Participants are selected by the 
 Committee 
 Paid in cash 
 Payments are made upon a 
 distribution to Unitholders and 
 based on the number of Participants' 
 unvested restricted units 

We align the short-term and long-term interests of our named executive officers with the short-term and long-term interests of our Unitholders by: 

Providing our named executive officers with an annual incentive target that encourages them to achieve or exceed targeted financial results and operating performance for a particular fiscal year 

Providing a long-term incentive plan that encourages our named executive officers to implement activities and practices conducive to sustainable, profitable growth 

Providing our named executive officers with restricted units in order to encourage the retention of the participating executive officers and to align their interests with those of our Unitholders by offering an opportunity to increase their equity ownership in the Partnership, while simultaneously encouraging behaviors conducive to the long-term appreciation of our Common Units and 

Providing our named executive officers with distribution equivalent rights to encourage behaviors conducive to distribution sustainability and growth. 

56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Pay Mix 
 Under our compensation structure, each named executive officer s total cash compensation opportunity consists of a mix of base salary, annual cash bonus, and distribution equivalent rights payments. In addition to the total cash compensation opportunity, each named executive officer is eligible to participate in our Long-Term Incentive Plan for the potential to earn cash settled long-term incentives and to receive grants of restricted units under our Restricted Unit Plans which, when combined with the total cash compensation opportunity, represents the total direct compensation opportunity. This mix varies depending on his or her position, and the level of influence and line of sight to the activities that can help achieve the incentive targets. The base salary for each executive officer is the only fixed component of compensation, and the Restricted Unit Plan awards are the only non-cash compensation component. Most of the other cash compensation, including annual cash bonuses and cash settled long-term incentive compensation, is variable in nature as it is dependent upon achievement of certain performance measures. 
 In allocating among these components, in order to align the interests of our senior executive officers - the executive officers having the greatest ability to influence our performance - with the interests of our Unitholders, the Committee considers it crucial to emphasize the performance-based elements of the total cash compensation opportunities provided to them. Therefore, during fiscal 2021, at least 48 of the total cash compensation opportunity for our named executive officers was performance-based under our annual cash bonus and long-term incentive plans, neither of which provide for guaranteed minimum payments. 
 The following table summarizes each of the components of total cash compensation as a percentage of each named executive officer s total cash compensation opportunity for fiscal 2021, as well as the total cash compensation opportunity and the non-cash Restricted Unit Plan grants each as a percentage of the total direct compensation opportunity for fiscal 2021: 

Name 

Base Salary 

Cash Bonus 
 Target 

Cash Settled 
 Long-Term 
 Incentive 

Distribution 
 Equivalent 
 Rights 

Total Cash Compensation Opportunity as a Percentage of Total Direct Compensation 

Non-Cash Restricted Unit Plan Grants as a Percentage of Total Direct Compensation 

Michael A. Stivala 

36 

36 

18 

10 

61 

39 

Michael A. Kuglin 

41 

33 

16 

10 

60 

40 

Steven C. Boyd 

41 

33 

16 

10 

60 

40 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

41 

33 

16 

10 

59 

41 

Neil E. Scanlon 

41 

32 

16 

11 

56 

44 

In reviewing and establishing compensation packages for our named executive officers for fiscal 2022, at its meeting on November 9, 2021, the Committee also reviewed information provided by WTW with respect to the mix of long-term incentive opportunities for our named executive officers and certain other executive officers. In an effort to enhance the total direct compensation of these executive officers to be more competitive with the relevant benchmark data, the Committee approved an increase to the cash settled long-term incentive plan targets for our named executive officers and certain other executive officers. The increase in the cash settled long-term incentive plan target also had the effect of increasing the portion of compensation with a performance-based component and therefore, the percentage of total direct compensation that is considered at risk. See section titled Long-Term Incentive Plan below for a description of the change to the LTIP target awards. 
 The following table summarizes each of the components of total cash compensation as a percentage of each named executive officer s total cash compensation opportunity for fiscal 2022, as well as the total cash compensation opportunity and the non-cash Restricted Unit Plan grants each as a percentage of the total direct compensation opportunity for fiscal 2022: 

Name 

Base Salary 

Cash Bonus 
 Target 

Cash Settled 
 Long-Term 
 Incentive 

Distribution 
 Equivalent 
 Rights 

Total Cash Compensation Opportunity as a Percentage of Total Direct Compensation 

Non-Cash Restricted Unit Plan Grants as a Percentage of Total Direct Compensation 

Michael A. Stivala 

30 

36 

27 

7 

78 

22 

Michael A. Kuglin 

38 

30 

23 

9 

66 

34 

Steven C. Boyd 

38 

30 

23 

9 

66 

34 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

37 

30 

22 

11 

63 

37 

Neil E. Scanlon 

37 

30 

22 

11 

62 

38 

57 
 
 Table of Contents 

Total Direct Compensation for Our President and Chief Executive Officer 
 At its meeting on November 9, 2021, the Committee reviewed a detailed benchmarking analysis of the components of total direct compensation for our President and Chief Executive Officer prepared by WTW in making decisions regarding structural changes to his compensation for fiscal 2022. Mr. Stivala has been the Partnership s President and Chief Executive Officer since September 2014, and has navigated the Partnership through an extraordinarily challenging operating environment during his tenure, while also beginning to shift the strategic focus of the Partnership toward the build out of a renewable energy platform. In reviewing the relevant benchmark data for similar-sized companies, the Committee acknowledged a significant shortfall in the total cash compensation opportunity for Mr. Stivala compared to the 50 th percentile of the benchmark total cash compensation opportunity. In an effort to begin to close the gap on the perceived shortfall in the overall compensation structure for our President and Chief Executive Officer compared to the relevant benchmark, a number of changes were made to his compensation package for fiscal 2022. As part of the structural changes to the compensation package for our President and Chief Executive Officer, the Committee also began to shift a higher percentage of the total direct compensation opportunity to performance-based compensation under the Committee s pay for performance philosophy. 
 The following were the changes to the total direct compensation opportunity for our President and Chief Executive Officer for fiscal 2022: 

Components of Total Direct Compensation 

Fiscal 2021 Total Direct Compensation 

Fiscal 2022 Total Direct Compensation 

Base Salary 

600,000 

820,000 

Annual Bonus Target 

100 

120 

Annual Bonus Target 

600,000 

984,000 

Distribution Equivalent Rights Payments 

141,253 

159,100 

Total Cash Compensation Opportunity 

1,341,253 

1,963,100 

LTIP Target 

300,000 

738,000 

Restricted Unit Plan Award 

1,050,090 

744,247 

Total Direct Compensation Opportunity 

2,691,343 

3,445,347 

Performance-Based of Total Direct Compensation Opportunity 

33 

50 

As a result of the structural changes to the compensation package for our President and Chief Executive Officer, the total cash compensation opportunity is more reflective of the 50 th percentile for the relevant benchmark and the percentage of at risk compensation for fiscal 2022 has increased from 33 to 50 . 
 
 Components of Compensation 
 Base Salary 
 Consistent with the Committee s informal policy of considering adjustments to the base salaries of our named executive officers every two years (unless specific circumstances were deemed by the Committee to necessitate a base salary adjustment), at its November 10, 2020 meeting, the Committee approved fiscal 2021 base salaries for our named executive officers that were identical with the fiscal 2020 base salaries for our named executive officers. 
 The following base salaries were in effect during fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 for our named executive officers: 

Name 

Fiscal 2021 
 Base Salary 

Fiscal 2020 
 Base Salary 

Michael A. Stivala 

600,000 

600,000 

Michael A. Kuglin 

400,000 

400,000 

Steven C. Boyd 

400,000 

400,000 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

360,000 

360,000 

Neil E. Scanlon 

320,000 

320,000 

The base salaries paid to our named executive officers in fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 are reported in the column titled Salary in the Summary Compensation Table below. 

58 
 
 Table of Contents 

Using the process outlined in the section above titled The Annual Compensation Decision Making Process, at its November 9, 2021 meeting, the Committee approved the following base salaries for fiscal 2022: 

Name 

Fiscal 2022 
 Base Salary 

Michael A. Stivala 

820,000 

Michael A. Kuglin 

450,000 

Steven C. Boyd 

460,000 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

400,000 

Neil E. Scanlon 

350,000 

Annual Cash Bonus Plan 
 The Committee uses the annual cash bonus plan (which falls within the Securities and Exchange Commission s definition of a Non-Equity Incentive Plan for the purposes of the Summary Compensation Table and otherwise) to provide a cash incentive award to certain hourly and salaried employees including our named executive officers, for the attainment of EBITDA targets for the particular fiscal year, in accordance with the annual budget approved by our Board of Supervisors at the beginning of the fiscal year, and other qualitative factors. 
 
 Components of Annual Cash Bonus Plan 
 Definitions 
 Actual EBITDA: represents net income before deducting interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. 
 Actual Adjusted EBITDA: represents Actual EBITDA adjusted for various items including, but not limited to, unrealized (non-cash) gains or losses on changes in the fair value of derivative instruments gains or losses on sale of business acquisition and integration-related costs multi-employer pension plan withdrawal charges pension settlement charges and losses on debt extinguishment. 
 Budgeted EBITDA: represents our target budgeted EBITDA developed using a bottom-up process factoring in reasonable growth targets from the prior year s performance, while at the same time attempting to reach a balance between a target that is reasonably achievable, yet not assured. 
 The annual cash bonus plan contains two separate measurement components as follows: 

Performance-based component in which Actual Adjusted EBITDA is compared to Budgeted EBITDA and 

Scorecard-based component in which up to 35 of the target cash bonus may be awarded by the Committee, as an enhancement to the performance-based component, based on their evaluation of several qualitative scorecard items that include the following: key safety statistics compared to the prior year, customer base trends compared to the prior year, Actual Adjusted EBITDA compared to the prior year, distributable cash flow compared to the prior year, and, in the case of our named executive officers, achievement of corporate and individual goals. The Committee uses its discretion regarding how much weight to place on any one, or several, of the qualitative scorecard items in determining the amount, if any, of the scorecard-based component to award in any fiscal year. Beginning with the annual cash bonus plan for fiscal 2022, the Committee modified the qualitative scorecard items for purposes of evaluating the amount, if any, of the scorecard-based component to award at the end of fiscal 2022 to include the following items: key safety statistics compared to the prior year, customer base trends compared to the prior year, advancement of the Go Green with Suburban Propane corporate pillar and sustainability initiatives, and, in the case of our named executive officers, achievement of corporate and individual goals. 

59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table sets forth the percentages of target cash bonuses participants will earn under the performance-based component of the annual cash bonus plan at various levels of Adjusted EBITDA in relation to Budgeted EBITDA : 

Performance-Based Component 

Actual Adjusted EBITDA as a of Budgeted EBITDA 

of Target Cash Bonus Earned 

Maximum 

120 and above 

120 

119 

119 

118 

118 

117 

117 

116 

116 

115 

115 

114 

114 

113 

113 

112 

112 

111 

111 

110 

110 

109 

109 

108 

108 

107 

107 

106 

106 

105 

105 

104 

104 

103 

103 

102 

102 

101 

101 

Target 

100 

100 

99 

98 

98 

96 

97 

94 

96 

92 

95 

90 

94 

88 

93 

86 

92 

84 

91 

82 

90 

80 

89 

77 

88 

74 

87 

71 

86 

68 

85 

65 

84 

62 

83 

59 

82 

56 

81 

53 

Entry 

80 

50 

Below 80 

0 

60 
 
 Table of Contents 

Fiscal 2021 Annual Cash Bonus 
 For fiscal 2021, our Budgeted EBITDA was 270 million. Our Actual Adjusted EBITDA was such that each of our executive officers earned 102 of his or her target cash bonus for the performance-based component of the annual cash bonus plan. During the previous two fiscal years, our Actual Adjusted EBITDA was such that each of our named executive officers earned 77 and 94 of his target cash bonus for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, respectively. Additionally, for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, based on the Committee s evaluation of the qualitative scorecard-based components discussed above, the Committee awarded each of our named executive officers 25 , 0 and 0 , respectively, of the target cash bonuses for the scorecard-based component of the annual cash bonus plan. Accordingly, based on the performance of the Partnership, and the named executive officers, in fiscal 2022, 127 of target cash bonuses will be paid out in relation to fiscal 2021, in fiscal 2021, 77 of target cash bonuses were paid out in relation to fiscal 2020 and in fiscal 2020, 94 of target cash bonuses were paid out in relation to fiscal 2019. 
 The fiscal 2021 target cash bonus established for each named executive officer and the actual cash bonuses earned by each of them during fiscal 2021 are summarized as follows: 

Name 

Fiscal 2021 Target Cash Bonus as a Percentage of Base Salary 

Fiscal 2021 Target Cash Bonus 

Fiscal 2021 Actual Cash Bonus Earned at 127 

Michael A. Stivala 

100 

600,000 

914,400 

Michael A. Kuglin 

80 

320,000 

406,400 

Steven C. Boyd 

80 

320,000 

406,400 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

80 

288,000 

365,760 

Neil E. Scanlon 

80 

256,000 

325,120 

Mr. Stivala was awarded a bonus percentage of 152 of his target bonus for fiscal 2021 in recognition of the Partnership s accomplishments in achieving their corporate goals for fiscal 2021 including the efforts to navigate the business through the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The Use of Discretion 
 The Committee retains the right to exercise its broad discretionary powers to decrease or increase the annual cash bonus paid to a particular named executive officer, upon the recommendation of our President and Chief Executive Officer, or to the named executive officers as a group, when the Committee determines that an adjustment is warranted. The Committee has not exercised this authority since fiscal 2017. 
 If the Committee were to exercise its discretionary authority, any such discretionary bonuses provided to our named executive officers would be reported in the column titled Bonus in the Summary Compensation table below. The bonus payments earned by our named executive officers under the annual cash bonus plan for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 are reported in the column titled Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation in the Summary Compensation Table below. 
 At its November 9, 2021 meeting, the Committee approved the following fiscal 2022 target cash bonus opportunities for our named executive officers: 

Name 

Fiscal 2022 Target 
 Cash Bonus as a 
 Percentage of 
 Base Salary 

Fiscal 2022 Target 
 Cash Bonus 

Michael A. Stivala 

120 

984,400 

Michael A. Kuglin 

80 

360,000 

Steven C. Boyd 

80 

368,000 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

80 

320,000 

Neil E. Scanlon 

80 

280,000 

Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 To complement the annual cash bonus plan, which focuses on our short-term performance goals, the Long-Term Incentive Plan, which we hereafter refer to as the LTIP, is a cash settled phantom unit plan that is designed to motivate our executive officers to focus on our long-term financial goals and operating and strategic objectives. Under the LTIP, performance is assessed over a three-year measurement period and, as such, at the beginning of each fiscal year, there are three active award cycles. For example, at the 
 
 61 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 beginning of fiscal 2021 the active award cycles included: the fiscal 2019 award, which started at the beginning of fiscal 2019 and ended at the conclusion of fiscal 2021 the fiscal 2020 award, which started at the beginning of fiscal 2020 and will end at the conclusion of fiscal 2022 and the fiscal 2021 award, which started at the beginning of fiscal 2021 and will end at the conclusion of fiscal 2023. The fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 award cycles were granted pursuant to the provisions of the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2014 LTIP ), and performance is measured based on the level of our distribution coverage ratio over the respective three-year measurement period Distribution Coverage Ratio ), as further described below. At its July 21, 2020 meeting, the Committee re-evaluated the performance criteria of the 2014 LTIP, and authorized a benchmarking study of long-term incentive compensation plan design and performance measures to be performed by WTW in order to ensure that the LTIP continues to be competitive with market practices, and that the performance measures continue to promote behaviors to support the long-term growth and sustainability of the Partnership. At its November 10, 2020 meeting, the Committee adopted the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2021 LTIP to replace the 2014 LTIP for future award cycles that beg an with the fiscal 2021 award. The 2014 LTIP will continue to be operative for the one outstanding award cycle at the beginning of fiscal 2022 (i.e., the fiscal 2020 award, which will end at the conclusion of fiscal year 2022). For purposes of the 2021 LTIP which governs the fiscal 2021 award, performance will be evaluated using two separate measurement components: (i) 75 weight based on the level of average distributable cash flow of the Partnership over the three-year measurement period (the Distributable Cash Flow Component and (ii) 25 weight based on the achievement of certain operating and strategic objectives, set by the Committee, over the three-year measurement period (the Operating/Strategic Objectives Component ), as further described below . 
 Performance Condition for 2014 LTIP 
 Under the 2014 LTIP, performance is assessed based on the level of our distribution coverage ratio over a three-year measurement period Distribution Coverage Ratio ). This ratio will be calculated (as shown below) by dividing our Average Distributable Cash Flow generated during an outstanding award s three-year measurement period by a Baseline Cash Flow set on the initial grant date of the award (i.e., the beginning of the award cycle s three-year measurement period), as follows: 
 
 Average Distributable Cash Flow 
 (Average Actual Adjusted EBITDA less maintenance capital expenditures, cash interest expense and other adjustments) 
 
 Baseline Cash Flow 
 (Total # of Common Units outstanding at beginning of the three-year measurement period times the then annualized distribution rate) 
 
 Definitions 
 Distributable Cash Flow: represents Actual Adjusted EBITDA for a particular fiscal year less maintenance capital expenditures, cash interest expense, and the provision for income taxes for the same fiscal year. 
 Actual Adjusted EBITDA: represents the same definition as Actual Adjusted EBITDA under the annual cash bonus plan. 
 Average Distributable Cash Flow: represents average distributable cash flow for each of the three years in a particular award s three-year measurement period, plus the product of the number of Common Units outstanding at the beginning of the three-year measurement period and the annual differences between the per Common Unit annualized distribution rate at the beginning of the three-year measurement period and the actual per Common Unit distributions paid during each of those three years. 
 Baseline Cash Flow: represents the total number of Common Units outstanding at the beginning of the three-year measurement period multiplied by the then per Common Unit annualized distribution rate. 
 
 The following table summarizes the performance targets and associated level of vesting, based on the achievement level of the Distribution Coverage Ratio, for the fiscal 2019 award (the three-year measurement period of which concluded at the end of fiscal 2021). 

Distribution Coverage Ratio 

of Award Earned 

1.25 or higher (Maximum) 

150 

1.10 (Target) 

100 

1.00 (Entry) 

50 

Less than 1.00 

0 

62 
 
 Table of Contents 

For every additional 0.01 increase in the Distribution Coverage Ratio, an additional 3.3 of the award could be earned. Between target and maximum performance, payments were earned according to the following schedule: 

Distribution Coverage Ratio 

of Award Earned 

1.25 or higher 

150.0 

1.24 

146.7 

1.23 

143.3 

1.22 

140.0 

1.21 

136.7 

1.20 

133.3 

1.19 

130.0 

1.18 

126.7 

1.17 

123.3 

1.16 

120.0 

1.15 

116.7 

1.14 

113.3 

1.13 

110.0 

1.12 

106.7 

1.11 

103.3 

1.10 

100.0 

At its November 12, 2019 meeting, the Committee re-evaluated the 2014 LTIP to ensure that the plan provides the opportunity to earn an incentive that is challenging, yet reasonably attainable. With that in mind, the Committee increased the distribution coverage ratios at which target and maximum payout levels can be earned under the 2014 LTIP. The following table summarizes the performance targets and associated level of vesting, based on the achievement of the Distribution Coverage Ratio to which the fiscal 2020 award remains subject. 

Distribution Coverage Ratio 

of Award Earned 

1.50 or higher (Maximum) 

150 

1.20 (Target) 

100 

1.00 (Entry) 

50 

Less than 1.00 

0 

For every additional 0.01 increase in the Distribution Coverage Ratio, an additional 2 of the award will be earned. Between target and maximum performance, awards will be earned according to the following schedule: 

Distribution Coverage Ratio 

of Award Earned 

Distribution Coverage Ratio 

of Award Earned 

1.50 or higher 

150.0 

1.34 

118.0 

1.49 

148.0 

1.33 

116.0 

1.48 

146.0 

1.32 

114.0 

1.47 

144.0 

1.31 

112.0 

1.46 

142.0 

1.30 

110.0 

1.45 

140.0 

1.29 

108.0 

1.44 

138.0 

1.28 

106.0 

1.43 

136.0 

1.27 

104.0 

1.42 

134.0 

1.26 

102.0 

1.41 

132.0 

1.25 

100.0 

1.40 

130.0 

1.39 

128.0 

1.38 

126.0 

1.37 

124.0 

1.36 

122.0 

1.35 

120.0 

Performance Conditions for the 2021 LTIP 
 
 63 
 
 Table of Contents 

Based on their evaluation of the recommendations by WTW in the benchmarking study, the Committee established a two-component performance metric for 2021 LTIP awards granted subsequent to fiscal 2020, as follows: 

75 based on the level of Average Distributable Cash Flow achieved during an outstanding award s three-year measurement period and 

25 based on the achievement of certain Operating and Strategic Objectives (as determined by the Committee for each award cycle). 

When approving an award, at the beginning of that particular award s three-year measurement period, the Committee will establish a performance scale for the 75 component of the plan that will measure the Average Distributable Cash Flow for the three-year measurement period. The target threshold for each fiscal year s award cycle will represent a level of Average Distributable Cash Flow that reflects approximately 5 growth compared to a baseline distributable cash flow, or some other target threshold, as determined by the Committee. The following table illustrates the potential payout percentages associated with various levels of Average Distributable Cash Flow for the three-year measurement period of the fiscal 2021 award: 

Average Distributable Cash Flow Performance Scale for the Three-Year Measurement Period (thousands) 

Payout Percentage 

Maximum Threshold 

215,000 

150 

213,000 

145 

211,000 

140 

209,000 

135 

207,000 

130 

205,000 

125 

203,000 

120 

201,000 

115 

199,000 

110 

197,000 

105 

Target Threshold 

195,000 

100 

191,000 

95 

187,000 

90 

183,000 

85 

179,000 

80 

175,000 

75 

171,000 

70 

167,000 

65 

163,000 

60 

159,000 

55 

155,000 

50 

The Committee also established specific operating and strategic objectives Operating/Strategic Objectives for the 25 component of the plan that will measure the Partnership s performance in achieving such Operating/Strategic Objectives for the three-year measurement period. At the end of the three-year measurement period, the Committee will evaluate the Partnership s performance compared to the Operating/Strategic Objectives set at the beginning of the three-year measurement period to determine the amount, if any, of the Operating/Strategic Objectives component to award. The following are the Operating/Strategic Objectives set by the Committee for the fiscal 2021 award: 

1. 
 
 Achievement of target consolidated leverage ratio between 3.5x and 4.0x 

2. 
 
 Customer base growth 

3. 
 
 Advancements in the Partnership s Go Green with Suburban Propane Initiative and other strategic growth initiatives 

 The Committee will use its discretion regarding how much weight to place on any one, or several, of the Operating/Strategic Objectives in determining the amount to award, if any, of the 25 Operating/Strategic Objectives Component as follows: 
 
 64 
 
 Table of Contents 

Percentage of Operating/Strategic Objectives Component Earned 

Maximum Threshold 

150 

125 

Target Threshold 

100 

75 

Minimum Threshold 

50 

At its meeting on November 9, 2021, the Committee approved a modification to the performance conditions of the 2021 LTIP, beginning with the fiscal 2022 award, which will start at the beginning of fiscal 2022 and end at the conclusion of fiscal 2024. Specifically, the Committee modified the weighting between the two-component performance metrics under the 2021 LTIP awards beginning with the fiscal 2022 award, as follows: 

50 based on the level of Average Distributable Cash Flow achieved during an outstanding award s three-year measurement period and 

50 based on the achievement of certain Operating/Strategic Objectives (as determined by the Committee for each award cycle) 

 For purposes of the fiscal 2022 award, the same performance scale to measure the Average Distributable Cash Flow component as was in affect for the fiscal 2021 award (as set forth above) was approved. For the Operating/Strategic Objectives component of the fiscal 2022 award, the Committee set the following qualitative items to be evaluated at the end of the three-year measurement period: 

1 
 
 Achievement of target consolidated leverage ratio between 3.5x and 4.0x 

2. 
 
 Customer base growth 

3. 
 
 Relative performance in absolute total return to Unitholders compared to the Alerian MLP Index 

4. 
 
 Advancements in the Partnership s Go Green with Suburban Propane Initiative and other strategic growth initiatives 

 Grant Process 
 At the beginning of each fiscal year, LTIP phantom unit awards are granted as a Committee-approved percentage of each named executive officer s salary. In accordance with the terms of the 2014 LTIP and the 2021 LTIP, at the beginning of each three-year measurement period, the number of each named executive officer s unvested LTIP phantom unit award was calculated by dividing his target LTIP amount (representing 50 of that named executive officer s target cash bonus under the annual cash bonus plan) by the average of the closing prices of our Common Units for the twenty days preceding the beginning of the three-year measurement period. At its meeting on November 9, 2021, the Committee approved a modification to the 2021 LTIP to provide for an increase in the target LTIP amount by increasing the target amount to represent 75 of the named executive officer s (and certain other executive officers) target cash bonus under the annual cash bonus plan. This increased target amount is effective for the three-year measurement period beginning with the target award for the fiscal 2022 award cycle, which starts at the beginning of fiscal 2022 and will end at the conclusion of fiscal 2024. 
 Cash Payments 
 For awards granted under the 2014 LTIP and 2021 LTIP, our named executive officers, as well as the other LTIP participants (all of whom are key employees), will, at the end of the three-year measurement period, receive cash payments equal to: (i) the quantity of the participant s unvested phantom units that become vested phantom units at the conclusion of the three-year measurement period based on the applicable percentage earned under the respective plan multiplied by (ii) the average of the closing prices of our Common Units for the twenty days preceding the conclusion of the three-year measurement period, plus the sum of the distributions that would have inured to one of our outstanding Common Units during the three-year measurement period. 
 Vesting of the Fiscal 2019 LTIP Award 
 The three-year measurement period of the fiscal 2019 award ended simultaneously with the conclusion of fiscal 2021. The Partnership s Distribution Coverage Ratio was such that the participants, including our named executive officers, earned 150 of their target payment amounts. 

65 
 
 Table of Contents 

Retirement Provision 
 The retirement provision applies to all LTIP participants who have been employed by the Partnership for ten years and have attained age 55. A retirement-eligible participant s outstanding awards under the LTIP will vest as of the retirement-eligible date, but will remain subject to the same three-year measurement period for purposes of determining the eventual cash payment, if any, at the conclusion of the remaining measurement period. Mr. Boyd, Mr. Brinkworth and Mr. Scanlon are our only named executive officers to whom this retirement provision applied at the conclusion of fiscal 2021. 
 Outstanding Award under the 2014 LTIP 
 The following are the quantities of unvested LTIP phantom units granted to our named executive officers during fiscal 2020 that will be used to calculate cash payments at the end of this award s three-year measurement period (i.e., at the end of fiscal 2022): 

Name 

Fiscal 2020 Award 

Michael A. Stivala 

12,650 

Michael A. Kuglin 

6,747 

Steven C. Boyd 

6,747 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

6,072 

Neil E. Scanlon 

5,397 

Outstanding Award under the 2021 LTIP 
 The following are the quantities of unvested LTIP phantom units granted to our named executive officers during fiscal 2021 that will be used to calculate cash payments at the end of this award s three-year measurement period (i.e., at the end of fiscal 2023): 

Name 

Fiscal 2021 Award 

Michael A. Stivala 

22,036 

Michael A. Kuglin 

11,753 

Steven C. Boyd 

11,753 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

10,577 

Neil E. Scanlon 

9,402 

The grant date values based on the target outcomes of the awards under the LTIP granted during fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 are reported in the column titled Unit Awards in the Summary Compensation Table below. 
 At its meeting on November 9, 2021, the Committee granted the following quantities of unvested LTIP phantom units to our named executive officers for fiscal 2022. These quantities will be used to calculate cash payments, if earned, at the end of this award s three-year measurement period (i.e., at the end of fiscal 2024). 

Name 

Fiscal 2022 Award 

Michael A. Stivala 

48,436 

Michael A. Kuglin 

17,721 

Steven C. Boyd 

18,114 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

15,752 

Neil E. Scanlon 

13,783 

Restricted Unit Plans 
 At their July 22, 2009 Tri-Annual Meeting, our Unitholders approved the adoption of our 2009 Restricted Unit Plan (the 2009 RUP effective August 1, 2009. Upon adoption, this plan authorized the issuance of 1,200,000 Common Units to our named executive officers, managers, other employees and to the members of our Board of Supervisors. On May 13, 2015, following approval by our Unitholders at their 2015 Tri-Annual Meeting, we adopted an amendment to the 2009 RUP which increased the number of Common Units authorized for issuance under this plan by 1,200,000 for a total of 2,400,000. The 2009 RUP expired on 
 
 66 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 July 31, 2019, at the end of its ten-year term, although unvested awards remained outstanding at the end of fiscal 2021 in accordance with their terms. 
 Because the 2009 RUP expired by its terms on July 31, 2019, at their May 15, 2018 Tri-Annual Meeting, our Unitholders approved the adoption of our 2018 Restricted Unit Plan (the 2018 RUP ). Upon adoption, this plan authorized the issuance of 1,800,000 Common Units to our named executive officers, managers, other employees and to members of our Board of Supervisors. At their May 18, 2021 Tri-Annual Meeting, our Unitholders authorized the issuance of another 1,725,000 Common Units under the 2018 RUP. The provisions of the 2018 RUP are substantially identical to the provisions of the 2009 RUP with two notable exceptions: First, for those individuals who meet the retirement-eligible criteria of the retirement provisions of the 2018 RUP, unvested awards must be held for more than twelve months in order for the retirement provisions of the plan document to apply to such award whereas the 2009 RUP required a six-month holding period. Second, unlike the 2009 RUP, the 2018 RUP places a five percent (5 limit on the number of units then authorized for issuance under the 2018 RUP that may (a) be awarded with a vesting schedule other than the standard vesting schedule described below, and (b) subject to certain limited exceptions, have their vesting accelerated to a date prior to the twelve-month anniversary of the effective date of their grant. When the Committee authorizes an award of restricted units, the unvested units underlying an award do not provide the grantee with voting rights and do not receive distributions or accrue rights to distributions during the vesting period. At the conclusion of fiscal 2021, there were 2,133,744 restricted units remaining available under the 2018 RUP for future awards. 
 Grant Process 
 All restricted unit awards are approved by the Committee. Because individual circumstances differ, the Committee has not adopted a formulaic approach to making restricted unit awards. Although the reasons for granting an award can vary, the general objective of granting an award to a recipient is to retain the services of the recipient over the vesting period while, at the same time, providing the type of motivation that further aligns the long-term interests of the recipient with the long-term interests of our Unitholders. The reasons for which the Committee grants restricted unit awards include, but are not limited to, the following: 

To attract skilled and capable candidates to fill vacant positions 

To retain the services of an employee 

To provide an adequate compensation package to accompany an internal promotion and 

To reward outstanding performance. 

 In determining the quantity of restricted units to grant to named executive officers and other key employees, the Committee considers, without limitation: 

The named executive officer s or key employee s scope of responsibility, performance and contribution to meeting our objectives 

The total cash compensation opportunity provided to the named executive officer or key employee for whom the award is being considered 

The value of similar equity awards to named executive officers of similarly sized companies and 

The current value of an equivalent quantity of outstanding Common Units. 

 In addition, in establishing the level of restricted units to grant to our named executive officers, the Committee considers the existing level of outstanding unvested restricted unit awards held by our named executive officers. 
 The Committee generally approves awards under our Restricted Unit Plans at its first meeting each fiscal year following the availability of the financial results for the prior fiscal year however, occasionally the Committee grants awards at other times of the year, particularly when the need arises to grant awards because of promotions and new hires. 
 Upon vesting, restricted units are automatically converted into our Common Units, with full voting rights and rights to receive distributions. 
 
 Vesting Schedule 
 The standard vesting schedule of all of our outstanding 2009 RUP and 2018 RUP awards is one third of each award on each of the first three anniversaries of the award grant date. The Committee retains the ability to deviate, at its discretion, from the normal 
 
 67 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 vesting schedule with respect to particular restricted unit awards, subject to the limitations set forth in the 2018 RUP, and described above, with respect to restricted units awarded under that plan. Unvested awards are subject to forfeiture in certain circumstances, as defined in the Restricted Unit Plans. 
 Outstanding Awards under the 2009 RUP and 2018 RUP 
 At its November 10, 2020 meeting, the Committee approved a grant of restricted units to each of our named executive officers. In determining these fiscal 2021 awards for our named executive officers, the Committee relied upon information provided by the Mercer benchmarking database and recommendations by WTW to conclude that these awards were necessary to remediate shortfalls perceived by the Committee in the cash compensation opportunities provided by the Partnership to these executives, as well as in recognition of their individual achievements throughout fiscal 2020. The Committee uses restricted unit awards to satisfy a perceived need to balance cash compensation with equity (or non-cash) compensation, and to encourage our named executive officers, and other key employees, to have an equity stake in the Partnership, thereby further aligning the economic interests of our named executive officers with the economic interests of our Unitholders. 
 The following table summarizes the 2018 RUP awards granted to our named executive officers at the Committee s November 10, 2020 meeting: 

Name 

Grant Date 

Quantity 

Michael A. Stivala 

November 15, 2020 

72,287 

Michael A. Kuglin 

November 15, 2020 

45,180 

Steven C. Boyd 

November 15, 2020 

45,180 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

November 15, 2020 

42,168 

Neil E. Scanlon 

November 15, 2020 

42,168 

The aggregate grant date fair values of 2009 RUP and 2018 RUP awards made during fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, computed in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, are reported in the column titled Unit Awards in the Summary Compensation Table below. 
 Retirement Provisions 
 The 2009 RUP and the 2018 RUP contain retirement provisions that provide for the issuance of Common Units (six months and one day after the retirement date of qualifying participants) relating to unvested awards held by a retiring participant who meets all three of the following conditions on his or her retirement date: 

The unvested award has been held by the grantee for at least six months under the 2009 RUP and at least one year under the 2018 RUP 

The grantee is age 55 or older and 

The grantee has worked for us, or one of our predecessors, for at least 10 years. 

 Mr. Boyd, Mr. Brinkworth and Mr. Scanlon are our only named executive officers to whom these retirement provisions applied at the end of fiscal 2021. 
 At its November 9, 2021 meeting, the Committee granted the following awards under the 2018 RUP to our named executive officers: 

Name 

Grant Date 

Quantity 

Michael A. Stivala 

November 15, 2021 

57,382 

Michael A. Kuglin 

November 15, 2021 

47,818 

Steven C. Boyd 

November 15, 2021 

47,818 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

November 15, 2021 

47,818 

Neil E. Scanlon 

November 15, 2021 

44,631 

68 
 
 Table of Contents 

Distribution Equivalent Rights Plan 
 In January 2017, the Committee adopted a Distribution Equivalent Rights Plan (the DER Plan as a component of executive compensation based on data provided by WTW that indicated a DER Plan aligned with industry norms (77 of other publicly traded partnerships and 92 of a sample of broader energy/utility companies, at that time, provided such plans to their executives in one form or another). The Committee adopted the DER Plan because the cash compensation resulting from the DER Plan would help, in certain instances, to lessen the gap between the total compensation paid to some of our named executive officers and the benchmark compensation data. Additionally, the Committee intends for the DER Plan to provide our named executive officers with a reasonable balance between performance-based and non-performance-based cash opportunities and to assist our named executive officers to obtain funds to settle the taxes on equity-based compensation (i.e., taxes generated when restricted units vest). Most importantly, the Committee believes that this form of compensation further aligns the interests of our named executive officers with the interests of our Unitholders because it provides an incentive for the types of behaviors that lead to distribution sustainability and growth. 
 The executive officers of the Partnership (as defined in the DER Plan) are eligible for a distribution equivalent right DER award under the DER Plan at the discretion of the Committee. Once awarded, a DER entitles the grantee to a cash payment each time our Board of Supervisors declares a cash distribution on our Common Units, but only after such distribution is paid to the Unitholders, which cash payment is equal to the amount calculated by multiplying (A) the number of unvested restricted units that have been previously awarded to the grantee under the Restricted Unit Plans and which are held by the grantee on the record date of the distribution, by (B) the amount of the declared distribution per Common Unit. The form of award agreement under the DER Plan expressly provides that the Committee retains the right to cancel, in whole or in part, any DER after its award, with or without cause. DERs also automatically terminate on the first to occur of: (a) the termination of the grantee s employment with us or our subsidiary (except for those situations when such termination does not result in the forfeiture of the unvested restricted units then held by the grantee), (b) the vesting, termination or forfeiture of all unvested restricted units then held by the grantee, or (c) the grantee becoming employed by us or our subsidiary in a role other than as an executive officer. Pursuant to the terms of the DER Plan, DERs, and cash payments thereunder, are considered to be incentive compensation for purposes of our incentive compensation recoupment policy described above. 
 At its January 17, 2017 meeting, the Committee granted DERs under the DER Plan to all of our named executive officers. The following table summarizes the DER payments made to our named executive officers during fiscal 2021: 

Name 

Payment Amount 

Michael A. Stivala 

141,253 

Michael A. Kuglin 

87,650 

Steven C. Boyd 

87,650 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

82,289 

Neil E. Scanlon 

80,579 

The DER Plan payments made to our named executive officers during fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020, and fiscal 2019 are reported in the column titled Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation in the Summary Compensation Table below. 
 Benefits and Perquisites 
 Pension Plan 
 We sponsor a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan that was originally designed to cover all of our eligible employees who met certain criteria relative to age and length of service. Effective January 1, 1998, we amended the plan in order to provide for a cash balance formula rather than the final average pay formula that was in effect prior to January 1, 1998 (the Cash Balance Plan ). The cash balance formula is designed to evenly spread the growth of a participant s earned retirement benefit throughout his or her career rather than the final average pay formula, under which a greater portion of a participant s benefits were earned toward the latter stages of his or her career. Effective January 1, 2000, we amended the Cash Balance Plan to limit participation in this plan to existing participants and no longer admit new participants to the plan. On January 1, 2003, we amended the Cash Balance Plan to cease future service and pay-based credits on behalf of the participants and, from that point on, participants benefits have increased only because of interest credits. Of our named executive officers, only Mr. Boyd, Mr. Brinkworth and Mr. Scanlon participate in the Cash Balance Plan. 
 The changes in the actuarial value, if any, relative to Mr. Boyd s, Mr. Brinkworth s and Mr. Scanlon s participation in the Cash Balance Plan during fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 are reported in the column titled Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings in the Summary Compensation Table below. 
 
 69 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Deferred Compensation 
 All employees, including our named executive officers, who satisfy certain service requirements, are eligible to participate in our IRC Section 401(k) Plan, which we refer to as the 401(k) Plan. Under the 401(k) Plan, participants may defer a portion of their eligible cash compensation up to the limits established by law. We offer the 401(k) Plan to attract and retain talented employees by providing them with a tax-advantaged opportunity to save for retirement. 
 
 For fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, all of our named executive officers participated in the 401(k) Plan. The benefits provided to our named executive officers under the 401(k) Plan are provided on the same basis as to other exempt employees of the Partnership. Amounts deferred by our named executive officers under the 401(k) Plan during fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 are included in the column titled Salary in the Summary Compensation Table below. 
 Our 401(k) Plan provides a match of 0.50 for every dollar contributed up to 6 of each participant s total base pay, up to a maximum compensation limit of 290,000 for calendar year 2021, 285,000 for calendar year 2020, and 280,000 for calendar year 2019. If, however, Actual Adjusted EBITDA is 115 or more than Budgeted EBITDA, each participant will receive a match of 1 for every dollar contributed up to 6 of each participant s total base pay, up to the applicable maximum compensation limits. For fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, the performance conditions that provide for more than the 0.50 match were not met. 
 The matching contributions made on behalf of our named executive officers for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 are reported in the column titled All Other Compensation in the Summary Compensation Table below. 
 Other Benefits 
 Each named executive officer is eligible to participate in all of our other employee benefit plans, such as the medical, dental, group life insurance and disability plans, on the same basis as other exempt employees. These benefit plans are offered to attract and retain talented employees by providing them with competitive benefits. 
 There are no post-termination or other special rights provided to any named executive officer to participate in these benefit programs other than the right to participate in such plans for a fixed period of time following termination of employment, on the same basis as is provided to other exempt employees, as required by law. Because these plans are offered on the same basis as is provided to other employees, we have not reported the costs of these benefits incurred on behalf of our named executive officers in the Summary Compensation Table below. 
 Perquisites 
 Perquisites represent a minor component of our executive officers compensation. Each of our named executive officers is eligible for tax preparation services, a company-provided vehicle, and an annual physical. 
 The following table summarizes both the value and the utilization of these perquisites by our named executive officers in fiscal 2021. 

Name 

Tax 
 Preparation 
 Services 

Employer 
 Provided 
 Vehicle 

Physical 

Michael A. Stivala 

18,324 

3,150 

Michael A. Kuglin 

18,203 

Steven C. Boyd 

4,000 

8,732 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

3,200 

16,840 

3,150 

Neil E. Scanlon 

3,200 

17,430 

3,100 

Perquisite-related costs for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 are reported in the column titled All Other Compensation in the Summary Compensation Table below. 
 Severance Benefits 
 We believe that, in most cases, employees should be paid reasonable severance benefits. Therefore, it is the general policy of the Partnership to provide named executive officers who are terminated by us without cause or who choose to terminate their employment with us for good reason with a severance payment equal to, at a minimum, one year s base salary, unless circumstances 
 
 70 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 dictate otherwise. This policy was adopted because it may be difficult for former named executive officers to find comparable employment within a short period of time. However, depending upon individual facts and circumstances, particularly the severed employee s tenure with us and the employee s level, the Partnership may make exceptions to this general policy. 
 Change of Control 
 Our executive officers and other key employees have built the Partnership into the successful enterprise that it is today therefore, we believe that it is important to protect them in the event of a change of control. Further, it is our belief that the interests of our Unitholders will be best served if the interests of our executive officers are aligned with them, and that providing change of control benefits should eliminate, or at least reduce, the reluctance of our executive officers to pursue potential change of control transactions that may be in the best interests of our Unitholders. Additionally, we believe that the severance benefits provided to our executive officers and to our key employees are consistent with market practice and appropriate, both because these benefits are an inducement to accepting employment, and because the executive officers are subject to non-competition and non-solicitation covenants for a period following termination of employment. Therefore, our executive officers and other key employees are provided with severance protection following a change of control, which we refer to as the Executive Special Severance Plan. During fiscal 2021, our Executive Special Severance Plan covered all of our executive officers, including our named executive officers. 
 Based on the results of the benchmarking study performed by WTW, at its November 12, 2019 meeting, the Committee approved the Executive Special Severance Plan, which became effective January 1, 2020. The Executive Special Severance Plan is intended to provide double-trigger severance benefits to our named executive officers and certain other senior employees of the Partnership in the event that their employment is terminated by us without cause or by the participant for good reason (as defined in the Executive Special Severance Plan) during the six-month period prior to, or upon or within the 24-month period following, a change of control (defined as described below). Under the Executive Special Severance Plan, a participant is entitled to receive a lump sum cash payment equal to one-fifty-second (1/52 nd of the sum of the participant s base salary plus target bonus, multiplied by the number of severance weeks available to the participant. The number of severance weeks for each of our named executive officers is 156. In addition to cash severance, participants are also entitled to receive continued health coverage, a pro-rata bonus for the year of termination and outplacement services. Participants must execute a release of claims, inclusive of an 18-month non-competition, non-solicitation and non-disparagement covenant as a condition of receiving severance payments under the plans. 
 In addition, under the Restricted Unit Plans, upon a change of control, without regard to whether a participant s employment is terminated, all unvested awards granted under these plans will vest immediately and become distributable to the participants. In addition, under our 2014 and 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plans, upon a change of control and without regard to whether a participant s employment is terminated, all outstanding, unvested phantom unit awards will vest immediately as if the three-year measurement period for each outstanding award concluded on the date the change of control occurred. Under the 2014 and 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plans, an amount equal to the cash value of 150 of a participant s unvested phantom units under the respective LTIP, plus a sum equal to 150 of a participant s unvested LTIP units multiplied by an amount equal to the cumulative, per-Common Unit distribution from the beginning of an unvested award s three-year measurement period through the date on which a change of control occurred, would become payable to the participants. 
 For purposes of these benefits, a change of control is deemed to occur, in general, if: 

An acquisition of our Common Units or voting equity interests by any person immediately after which such person beneficially owns more than 30 of the combined voting power of our then outstanding Common Units, unless such acquisition was made by (a) us or our Affiliates (as that term is defined in the provisions of the various plans), or any employee benefit plan maintained by us, the Operating Partnership or any of our Affiliates, or (b) any person in a transaction where (A) the existing holders prior to the transaction own at least 50 of the voting power of the entity surviving the transaction and (B) none of the Unitholders other than the Partnership, our Affiliates, any employee benefit plan maintained by us, the Operating Partnership, or the surviving entity, or the existing beneficial owner of more than 25 of the outstanding Common Units owns more than 25 of the combined voting power of the surviving entity, which transaction we refer to as a Non-Control Transaction or 

The consummation of (a) a merger, consolidation or reorganization involving the Partnership other than a Non-Control Transaction (b) a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Partnership or (c) the sale or other disposition of 40 or more of the gross fair market value of all the assets of the Partnership to any person (other than a transfer to a subsidiary). 

 For additional information pertaining to severance payable to our named executive officers following a change of control-related termination, see the tables titled Potential Payments Upon Termination below. 
 
 71 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Additional Information 
 Impact of Accounting and Tax Treatments of Executive Compensation 
 As we are a partnership and not a corporation for federal income tax purposes, we are not subject to the limitations of IRC Section 162(m) with respect to tax deductible executive compensation. Accordingly, none of the compensation paid to our named executive officers is subject to a limitation as to tax deductibility. However, if such tax laws related to executive compensation change in the future, the Committee will consider the implication of such changes to us. 
 Risk Mitigation Policies 
 Equity Holding Policy 
 Effective April 22, 2010, the Committee adopted an Equity Holding Policy, as amended on November 11, 2015 and November 13, 2018, which established guidelines for the level of Partnership equity holdings that members of the Board and our executive officers are expected to maintain. 
 The Partnership s equity holding requirements for the specified positions were as follows during fiscal 2021: 

Position 

Amount 

Member of the Board of Supervisors 

4 x Annual Fee 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

5 x Base Salary 

Chief Financial Officer 

3 x Base Salary 

Chief Operating Officer 

3 x Base Salary 

Senior Vice President 

2.5 x Base Salary 

Vice President 

1.5 x Base Salary 

Assistant Vice President 

1 x Base Salary 

Managing Director 

1 x Base Salary 

As of the January 2, 2021 measurement date, all of our executive officers, including our named executive officers, as well as the members of our Board of Supervisors, were in compliance with our Equity Holding Policy, except for one of our Supervisors, who was not in compliance given the price of our Units as of the measurement date. Pursuant to the terms of the Equity Holding Policy, Supervisors are not permitted to sell or transfer Units until they have regained compliance with the Policy. 
 The Equity Holding Policy can be accessed through a link on our website at www.suburbanpropane.com under the Investors tab. 
 The Partnership also maintains a policy that prohibits our executive officers and our Board of Supervisors from engaging in insider trading or buying or selling hedging instruments or derivative securities, or from otherwise engaging in transactions, that are designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of our equity securities. 
 Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy 
 We have a longstanding Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy that permits the Committee to seek reimbursement from certain executives of the Partnership of incentive compensation (i.e., payments made pursuant to the annual cash bonus plan, the Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Restricted Unit Plans and the Distribution Equivalent Rights Plan) paid to those executives in connection with any fiscal year for which there is a significant restatement of the published financial statements of the Partnership triggered by a material accounting error, which results in less favorable results than those originally reported. Such reimbursement can be sought from executives even if they were not personally responsible for the restatement. In addition to the foregoing, if the Committee determines that any fraud or intentional misconduct by an executive was a contributing factor to the Partnership having to make a significant restatement, then the Committee is authorized to take appropriate action against such executive, including disciplinary action, up to, and including, termination, and requiring reimbursement of all, or any part, of the compensation paid to that executive in excess of that executive s base salary including cancellation of any unvested restricted units. 
 The Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy is available on our website at www.suburbanpropane.com under the Investors tab. 
 
 72 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of the Compensation Committee 
 The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with management this Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Based on its review and discussions with management, the Committee recommended to the Board of Supervisors that this Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2021. 
 
 The Compensation Committee: 
 
 Jane Swift, Chair 
 Matthew Chanin 
 Harold R. Logan, Jr. 
 
 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning the compensation of each named executive officer during the fiscal years ended September 25, 2021, September 26, 2020 and September 28, 2019: 

Name 

Year 

Salary (1) 

Bonus (2) 

Unit Awards (3) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan Compensation (4) 

Change in 
 Pension Value 
 and 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (5) 

All Other Compensation (6) 

Total 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

(g) 

(h) 

(i) 

(j) 

Michael A. Stivala 

2021 

600,000 

1,429,420 

1,055,653 

30,174 

3,115,247 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

2020 

600,000 

1,308,038 

655,357 

30,348 

2,593,743 

2019 

550,000 

1,228,007 

708,322 

28,183 

2,514,512 

Michael A. Kuglin 

2021 

400,000 

858,626 

494,050 

26,903 

1,779,579 

Chief Financial Officer and 

2020 

400,000 

781,676 

366,420 

29,294 

1,577,390 

Chief Accounting Officer 

2019 

365,000 

704,002 

394,245 

28,404 

1,491,651 

Steven C. Boyd 

2021 

400,000 

858,626 

494,050 

22,194 

1,774,870 

Chief Operating Officer 

2020 

400,000 

781,676 

365,591 

50,391 

21,875 

1,619,533 

2019 

365,000 

704,002 

390,101 

53,528 

20,423 

1,533,054 

Douglas Brinkworth 

2021 

360,000 

794,637 

448,049 

32,652 

1,635,338 

Senior Vice President: 

2020 

360,000 

722,608 

335,189 

27,969 

29,448 

1,475,214 

Product Supply, Purchasing and Logistics 

2019 

335,000 

668,546 

363,843 

29,507 

28,982 

1,425,878 

Neil E. Scanlon 

2021 

320,000 

774,407 

405,699 

33,192 

1,533,298 

Senior Vice President, 

2020 

320,000 

682,652 

305,489 

28,099 

32,793 

1,369,033 

Information Services 

2019 

300,000 

630,457 

332,075 

29,527 

28,722 

1,320,781 

(1) 
 
 Includes amounts deferred by named executive officers as contributions to the 401(k) Plan. For more information on the relationship between salaries and other cash compensation (i.e., annual cash bonuses, LTIP awards, and DER Plan payments), refer to the subheading titled Components of Compensation in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis above. 

(2) 
 
 This column is reserved for discretionary cash bonuses that are not based on any performance criteria. During fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Committee did not provide our named executive officers with non-performance related bonus payments. For more information, refer to the subheading titled Annual Cash Bonus Plan in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis above. 

(3) 
 
 The amounts reported in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value, computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718, of restricted unit awards made during fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, as well as the aggregate grant date fair value of awards made in fiscal years 2021, 2020, and 2019 under the LTIP, based on the target outcome with respect to satisfaction of the performance conditions. These amounts were calculated in accordance with GAAP for financial reporting purposes based on the assumptions described in Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report, but disregarding estimates of forfeiture. For the LTIP awards granted in fiscal 2021, assuming the highest level of performance conditions were achieved, the amounts for Messrs. Stivala, Kuglin, Boyd, Brinkworth and Scanlon would be 568,994, 303,466, 303,466, 273,116, and 242,771, respectively. Because the amounts of actual LTIP payments are predicated on the satisfaction of performance conditions, these amounts are not indicative of payments our named executive officers will ultimately receive under the LTIP at the end of the applicable measurement period. The actual payments earned by our named executive officers for the 2019 LTIP awards (the measurement period of which concluded at the end of fiscal 2021) are reported in the Equity Vested Table for 2021 below. The specific details regarding these plans are provided in the preceding Compensation Discussion and Analysis under the subheadings Restricted Unit Plan and Long-Term Incentive Plan. The breakdown for each plan with respect to each named executive officer is as follows: 

73 
 
 Table of Contents 

Plan Name 

Mr. Stivala 

Mr. Kuglin 

Mr. Boyd 

Mr. Brinkworth 

Mr. Scanlon 

2021 

RUP 

1,050,090 

656,315 

656,315 

612,560 

612,560 

LTIP 

379,330 

202,311 

202,311 

182,077 

161,847 

Total 

1,429,420 

858,626 

858,626 

794,637 

774,407 

2020 

RUP 

916,958 

573,098 

573,098 

534,890 

515,794 

LTIP 

391,080 

208,578 

208,578 

187,718 

166,858 

Total 

1,308,038 

781,676 

781,676 

722,608 

682,652 

2019 

RUP 

867,125 

512,404 

512,404 

492,700 

472,981 

LTIP 

360,882 

191,598 

191,598 

175,846 

157,476 

Total 

1,228,007 

704,002 

704,002 

668,546 

630,457 

(4) 
 
 The fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 breakdowns of each named executive officer s earnings under the annual cash bonus plan and the DER Plan are presented in the table that follows. For more information regarding the performance measures of the annual cash bonus plan, please refer to the subheading titled Annual Cash Bonus Plan and Distribution Equivalent Rights Plan in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 

2021 

Mr. Stivala 

Mr. Kuglin 

Mr. Boyd 

Mr. Brinkworth 

Mr. Scanlon 

Annual Cash Bonus 

914,400 

406,400 

406,400 

365,760 

325,120 

DER Payments 

141,253 

87,650 

87,650 

82,289 

80,579 

Total 

1,055,653 

494,050 

494,050 

448,049 

405,699 

2020 

Mr. Stivala 

Mr. Kuglin 

Mr. Boyd 

Mr. Brinkworth 

Mr. Scanlon 

Annual Cash Bonus 

462,000 

246,400 

246,400 

221,760 

197,120 

DER Payments 

193,357 

120,020 

119,191 

113,429 

108,369 

Total 

655,357 

366,420 

365,591 

335,189 

305,489 

2019 

Mr. Stivala 

Mr. Kuglin 

Mr. Boyd 

Mr. Brinkworth 

Mr. Scanlon 

Annual Cash Bonus 

517,000 

274,480 

274,480 

251,920 

225,600 

DER Payments 

191,322 

119,765 

115,621 

111,923 

106,475 

Total 

708,322 

394,245 

390,101 

363,843 

332,075 

(5) 
 
 Mr. Stivala and Mr. Kuglin do not participate in the Cash Balance Plan. The present value of benefits accrued during fiscal 2021 decreased due to increases in both the discount rate and the PPA lump sum segment rates. Under the disclosure rules, negative values are not shown in the table. The decreases in present values are as follows: 6,365 for Mr. Boyd, 2,018 for Mr. Brinkworth and 4,181 for Mr. Scanlon. 

(6) 
 
 The amounts reported in this column consist of the following: 

Fiscal 2021 

Type of Compensation 

Mr. Stivala 

Mr. Kuglin 

Mr. Boyd 

Mr. Brinkworth 

Mr. Scanlon 

401(k) Match 

8,700 

8,700 

8,700 

8,700 

8,700 

Value of Annual Physical Examination 

3,150 

3,150 

3,100 

Value of Partnership Provided Vehicles 

18,324 

18,203 

8,732 

16,840 

17,430 

Tax Preparation Services 

4,000 

3,200 

3,200 

Cash Balance Plan Administrative Fees 

762 

762 

762 

Total 

30,174 

26,903 

22,194 

32,652 

33,192 

Fiscal 2020 

Type of Compensation 

Mr. Stivala 

Mr. Kuglin 

Mr. Boyd 

Mr. Brinkworth 

Mr. Scanlon 

401(k) Match 

8,550 

8,550 

8,550 

8,550 

8,550 

Value of Annual Physical Examination 

3,150 

3,150 

3,150 

Value of Partnership Provided Vehicles 

18,648 

17,594 

8,563 

16,936 

17,131 

Tax Preparation Services 

4,000 

3,200 

3,200 

Cash Balance Plan Administrative Fees 

762 

762 

762 

Total 

30,348 

29,294 

21,875 

29,448 

32,793 

Fiscal 2019 

Type of Compensation 

Mr. Stivala 

Mr. Kuglin 

Mr. Boyd 

Mr. Brinkworth 

Mr. Scanlon 

401(k) Match 

8,400 

8,400 

8,400 

8,400 

8,400 

Value of Annual Physical Examination 

2,950 

2,950 

Value of Partnership Provided Vehicles 

19,783 

17,054 

7,761 

13,670 

16,560 

Tax Preparation Services 

3,500 

3,200 

3,000 

Cash Balance Plan Administrative Fees 

762 

762 

762 

Total 

28,183 

28,404 

20,423 

28,982 

28,722 

74 
 
 Table of Contents 

Note: Column (f) was omitted from the Summary Compensation Table because we do not grant options to our employees. 
 
 Grants of Plan Based Awards Table for Fiscal 2021 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning grants of awards made to each named executive officer during the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021: 

Plan 

Grant 

Approval 

LTIP Units Underlying Equity Incentive Plan Awards 

Estimated Future Payments Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards 

Estimated Future Payments Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards 

All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock 

Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option 

Name 

Name 

Date 

Date 

(LTIP) (5) 

Target 

Maximum 

Target 

Maximum 

or Units 

Awards (6) 

(a) 

(b) 

(d) 

(e) 

(g) 

(h) 

(i) 

(l) 

Michael A. Stivala 

RUP (1) 

15 Nov 20 

10 Nov 20 

72,287 

1,050,090 

Bonus (2) 

27 Sep 20 

10 Nov 20 

600,000 

930,000 

LTIP (3) 

27 Sep 20 

10 Nov 20 

22,036 

379,330 

568,995 

DER (4) 

17 Jan 17 

17 Jan 17 

141,253 

Michael A. Kuglin 

RUP (1) 

15 Nov 20 

10 Nov 20 

45,180 

656,315 

Bonus (2) 

28 Sep 20 

10 Nov 20 

320,000 

496,000 

LTIP (3) 

28 Sep 20 

10 Nov 20 

11,753 

202,311 

303,467 

DER (4) 

17 Jan 17 

17 Jan 17 

87,650 

Steven C. Boyd 

RUP (1) 

15 Nov 20 

10 Nov 20 

45,180 

656,315 

Bonus (2) 

28 Sep 20 

10 Nov 20 

320,000 

496,000 

LTIP (3) 

28 Sep 20 

10 Nov 20 

11,753 

202,311 

303,467 

DER (4) 

17 Jan 17 

17 Jan 17 

87,650 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

RUP (1) 

15 Nov 20 

10 Nov 20 

42,168 

612,560 

Bonus (2) 

28 Sep 20 

10 Nov 20 

288,000 

446,400 

LTIP (3) 

28 Sep 20 

10 Nov 20 

10,577 

182,077 

273,116 

DER (4) 

17 Jan 17 

17 Jan 17 

82,289 

Neil E. Scanlon 

RUP (1) 

15 Nov 20 

10 Nov 20 

42,168 

612,560 

Bonus (2) 

28 Sep 20 

10 Nov 20 

256,000 

396,800 

LTIP (3) 

28 Sep 20 

10 Nov 20 

9,402 

161,847 

242,771 

DER (4) 

17 Jan 17 

17 Jan 17 

80,579 

(1) 
 
 The quantity reported on these lines represents awards granted under 2018 RUP. 2018 RUP awards vest as follows: one third of the award on the first anniversary of the grant date, one third of the award on the second anniversary of the grant date, and one third of the award on the third anniversary of the grant date (subject in each case to continued service through each such date). Under 2018 RUP, if a recipient has held an unvested award for at least one year, is 55 years or older, and has worked for the Partnership for at least ten years, an award held by such participant will vest six months and one day following such participant s retirement if the participant retires prior to the conclusion of the normal vesting schedule, unless the Committee exercises its authority to alter the applicability of the plan s retirement provisions in regard to a particular award. Mr. Boyd, Mr. Brinkworth and Mr. Scanlon are the only named executive officers who satisfy the age and tenure criteria of the Restricted Unit Plans. A discussion of the general terms of the 2009 RUP (which has expired and under which no additional awards can be granted) and 2018 RUP, and the facts and circumstances considered by the Committee in authorizing these fiscal 2021 awards to our named executive officers, is included in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis under the subheading Restricted Unit Plans. 

(2) 
 
 Amounts reported on these lines are the targeted and maximum annual cash bonus compensation potential for each named executive officer under the annual cash bonus plan as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis under the subheading Annual Cash Bonus Plan. Actual amounts earned by the named executive officers for fiscal 2021 were equal to 127 of the Target amounts reported on this line. Column (c) Threshold was omitted because the annual cash bonus plan does not provide for a guaranteed minimum cash payment. Because 127 of the Target awards were earned by our named executive officers during fiscal 2021, 127 of the Target amounts reported under column (d) have been reported in the Summary Compensation Table above. 

(3) 
 
 The LTIP is a phantom unit plan. Payments, if earned, are based on a combination of (i) the fair market value of our Common Units at the end of a three-year measurement period, which, for purposes of the LTIP, is the average of the closing prices for the twenty business days preceding the conclusion of the three-year measurement period, and (ii) cash equal to the distributions that would have inured to the same quantity of outstanding Common Units during the same three-year measurement period. The fiscal 2021 award Target and Maximum amounts are estimates based upon (i) the fair market value (the average of the closing prices of our Common Units for the twenty business days preceding the first day of fiscal 2021) of our Common Units at the beginning of fiscal 2021, and (ii) the estimated distributions over the course of the award s three-year measurement period at the then current annualized distribution rate of 1.20 per Common Unit. Column (f) Threshold was omitted because the LTIP does not provide for a guaranteed minimum cash payment. The Target amount represents a hypothetical payment at 100 of target and the Maximum amount represents a hypothetical payment at 150 of target. Detailed descriptions of the plan and the calculation of awards are included in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis under the subheading Long-Term Incentive Plan. 

(4) 
 
 Amounts reported on these lines represent DER Plan payments made during the fiscal year. Detailed descriptions of the DER Plan and the calculation of the payments are included in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis under the subheading Distribution Equivalent Rights Plan. 

75 
 
 Table of Contents 

(5) 
 
 This column is frequently used when non-equity incentive plan awards are denominated in units however, in this case, the numbers reported represent the LTIP phantom units each named executive officer was awarded under the LTIP during fiscal 2021. The amounts in the Estimated Future Payments Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards column were based on the probable outcome with respect to satisfaction of the performance conditions and calculated in accordance with GAAP for financial reporting purposes based on the assumptions described in Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report, but disregarding estimates of forfeiture. 

(6) 
 
 The dollar amounts reported in this column represent the aggregate fair value of 2018 RUP awards on the grant date, based on the assumptions described in Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report, but disregarding estimates of forfeiture. The fair value shown may not be indicative of the value realized in the future upon vesting because of the variability in the trading price of our Common Units. 

 Note: Columns (j) and (k) were omitted from the Grants of Plan Based Awards Table because we do not award options to our employees. 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 2021 Table 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning outstanding equity awards under our 2009 RUP, 2018 RUP and LTIP unit awards for each named executive officer as of September 25, 2021: 

Stock Awards 

Name 

Number of 
 Shares or Units 
 of Stock That 
 Have Not 
 Vested (1) 

Market Value of 
 Shares or Units 
 of Stock That 
 Have Not 
 Vested (2) 

Equity Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Number of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, Units or 
 Other Rights 
 that Have Not 
 Vested (3) 

Equity Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Market or 
 Payout Value of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, Units or 
 Other Rights 
 That Have Not 
 Vested (4) 

(a) 

(g) 

(h) 

(i) 

(j) 

Michael A. Stivala 

121,830 

1,842,070 

34,686 

678,797 

Michael A. Kuglin 

75,602 

1,143,102 

18,500 

362,041 

Steven C. Boyd 

75,602 

1,143,102 

18,500 

362,041 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

70,827 

1,070,904 

16,649 

325,816 

Neil E. Scanlon 

69,764 

1,054,832 

14,799 

289,613 

(1) 
 
 The figures reported in this column represent the total quantity of each of our named executive officer s unvested 2009 RUP and 2018 RUP awards. 

 The following is a schedule of when the 2009 RUP and 2018 RUP awards reported above will vest: 

Name 

Number of 2009 RUP 
 and 2018 RUP 
 Awards That 
 Have Not Vested 

Quantity That 
 Will Vest on 
 November 15, 
 2021 

Quantity That 
 Will Vest on 
 November 15, 
 2022 

Quantity That 
 Will Vest on 
 November 15, 
 2023 

(a) 

(g) 

(h) 

(i) 

(j) 

Michael A. Stivala 

121,830 

56,834 

40,901 

24,095 

Michael A. Kuglin 

75,602 

34,978 

25,564 

15,060 

Steven C. Boyd 

75,602 

34,978 

25,564 

15,060 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

70,827 

32,912 

23,859 

14,056 

Neil E. Scanlon 

69,764 

32,199 

23,509 

14,056 

(2) 
 
 The figures reported in this column represent the figures reported in column (g) multiplied by the average of the highest and the lowest trading prices of our Common Units on September 24, 2021, the last trading day of fiscal 2021. 

(3) 
 
 The amounts reported in this column represent the quantities of phantom units that underlie the outstanding and unvested fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 awards under the LTIP. Payments, if earned, will be made to participants at the end of a three-year measurement period in accordance with the performance criteria set forth by the Compensation Committee at the time an unvested award was approved. For more information on the LTIP, refer to the subheading Long-Term Incentive Plan in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 

(4) 
 
 The amounts reported in this column represent the estimated future target payouts of the fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 awards granted under the LTIP. These amounts were computed by multiplying the quantities of the unvested phantom units in column (i) by the average of the closing prices of our Common Units for the twenty business days preceding September 25, 2021 (in accordance with the LTIP s valuation methodology), and by adding to the product of that calculation the product of each year s underlying phantom units times the sum of the distributions that are estimated to inure to an outstanding Common Unit during each award s three-year measurement period. Because of the variability of the trading prices of our Common Units, actual payments, if any, at the end of the three-year measurement period may differ. The following chart provides a breakdown of each year s awards: 

76 
 
 Table of Contents 

Mr. Stivala 

Mr. Kuglin 

Mr. Boyd 

Mr. Brinkworth 

Mr. Scanlon 

Fiscal 2021 Phantom Units 

22,036 

11,753 

11,753 

10,577 

9,402 

Value of Fiscal 2021 Phantom Units 

335,752 

179,075 

179,075 

161,156 

143,254 

Estimated Distributions over Measurement 
 Period 

101,917 

54,358 

54,358 

48,919 

43,484 

Fiscal 2020 Phantom Units 

12,650 

6,747 

6,747 

6,072 

5,397 

Value of Fiscal 2020 Phantom Units 

192,742 

102,801 

102,801 

92,516 

82,231 

Estimated Distributions over Measurement 
 Period 

48,386 

25,807 

25,807 

23,225 

20,644 

Note: Columns (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f), all of which are for the reporting of option-related compensation, have been omitted from the Outstanding Equity Awards At Fiscal Year End 2021 Table because we do not grant options to our employees. 
 Equity Vested Table for Fiscal 2021 
 Awards under the 2009 RUP and RUP-2 are settled in Common Units upon vesting. Awards under the LTIP, a phantom unit plan, are settled in cash. The following two tables set forth certain information concerning the vesting of awards under our 2009 RUP, 2018 RUP and the vesting of the fiscal 2019 award under our LTIP for each named executive officer during the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021: 

Restricted Unit Plan 

Unit Awards 

Name 

Number of 
 Common Units 
 Acquired on 
 Vesting 

Value Realized on 
 Vesting (1) 

Michael A. Stivala 

45,659 

760,222 

Michael A. Kuglin 

28,640 

476,856 

Steven C. Boyd 

28,640 

476,856 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

27,255 

453,796 

Neil E. Scanlon 

25,896 

431,168 

(1) 
 
 The value realized is equal to the average value of our Common Units on the vesting date, multiplied by the number of units that vested. 

Long-Term Incentive Plan - Fiscal 2019 (2) Award 

Cash Awards 

Name 

Number of 
 Phantom Units 
 Cashed Out on 
 Vesting (3) 

Value Realized on 
 Vesting (4) 

Michael A. Stivala 

11,928 

375,043 

Michael A. Kuglin 

6,333 

199,124 

Steven C. Boyd 

6,333 

199,124 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

5,812 

182,742 

Neil E. Scanlon 

5,205 

163,657 

(2) 
 
 The fiscal 2019 award s three-year measurement period concluded on September 25, 2021. 

(3) 
 
 In accordance with the formula described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis under the subheading Long-Term Incentive Plan, these quantities were calculated at the beginning of the three-year measurement period and were based upon each individual s salary and target cash bonus at that time. 

(4) 
 
 The value (i.e., cash payment) realized was calculated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the LTIP. For more information, refer to the subheading Long-Term Incentive Plan in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 

77 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Retirement Benefits Table for Fiscal 20 2 1 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning each plan that provides for payments or other benefits at, following, or in connection with retirement for each named executive officer as of the end of the fiscal year ended September 25, 2021: 

Name 

Plan Name 

Number of Years Credited Service 

Present Value of Accumulated Benefit 

Payments During Last Fiscal Year 

Michael A. Stivala (1) 

N/A 

N/A 

Michael A. Kuglin (1) 

N/A 

N/A 

Steven C. Boyd 

Cash Balance Plan (2) 

15 

330,904 

LTIP (3) 

N/A 

362,041 

RUP (4) 

N/A 

459,981 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

Cash Balance Plan (2) 

6 

202,452 

LTIP (3) 

N/A 

325,816 

RUP (4) 

N/A 

433,324 

Neil E. Scanlon 

Cash Balance Plan (2) 

6 

170,155 

LTIP (3) 

N/A 

289,613 

RUP (4) 

N/A 

417,252 

(1) 
 
 Because Mr. Stivala and Mr. Kuglin commenced employment with the Partnership after January 1, 2000, the date on which the Cash Balance Plan was closed to new participants, they do not participate in the Cash Balance Plan. 

(2) 
 
 For more information on the Cash Balance Plan, refer to the subheading Pension Plan in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 

(3) 
 
 On September 25, 2021, Mr. Boyd, Mr. Brinkworth and Mr. Scanlon were the only named executive officers who met the retirement criteria of the LTIP. For such participants, outstanding but unvested awards under the LTIP become fully vested. However, payouts of these awards are deferred until the conclusion of each outstanding award s three-year measurement period, based on the outcome of the distributable cash flow measurement for the 2021 and 2020 awards. The numbers reported on these lines represent the target payout of Mr. Boyd s, Mr. Brinkworth s and Mr. Scanlon s outstanding fiscal 2021 and 2020 awards under the LTIP. Because the ultimate payout, if any, is predicated on the trading prices of the Partnership s Common Units at the end of the three-year measurement period and the relative distribution coverage for the respective three-year measurement period, the value reported is not indicative of the value that could be realized, if any, in the future upon vesting. 

(4) 
 
 On September 25, 2021, Mr. Boyd, Mr. Brinkworth and Mr. Scanlon were the only named executive officers who met the age and tenure requirements of the retirement provisions of the 2009 RUP and 2018 RUP. These figures were calculated by multiplying the awards that met the holding requirements of the retirement provisions of the 2009 RUP and 2018 RUP by the average of the highest and lowest trading prices of our Common Units on September 24, 2021. At the conclusion of fiscal 2021, taking into consideration the one-year holding requirement of the retirement provisions of 2018 RUP, 30,422 of Mr. Boyd s, 28,659 of Mr. Brinkworth s and 27,596 of Mr. Scanlon s unvested awards were covered under the retirement provisions of our Restricted Unit Plans. For more information on the Restricted Unit Plans and the retirement provisions therein, refer to the subheading Restricted Unit Plans in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. For participants who meet the retirement criteria, upon retirement, all Restricted Unit Plan awards vest six months and one day after retirement. 

78 
 
 Table of Contents 

Potential Payments Upon Termination 
 The following table sets forth certain information containing potential payments to the named executive officers in accordance with the provisions of the Severance Protection Plan, the Executive Special Severance Plan, the Restricted Unit Plans and the LTIP for the circumstances listed in the table assuming a September 25, 2021 termination date. For more information on severance and change of control payments, refer to the subheadings Severance Benefits and Change of Control above. 

Executive Payments and Benefits Upon Termination 

Death 

Disability 

Involuntary Termination Without Cause by the Partnership or by the Executive for Good Reason without a Change of Control Event 

Involuntary Termination Without Cause 
 by the 
 Partnership or 
 by the Executive for Good Reason 
 with a Change of Control Event 

Michael A. Stivala 

Cash Compensation (1) (2) (3) (4) 

600,000 

3,600,000 

Accelerated Vesting of Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 
 2019 LTIP Awards 150 (5) 

1,393,793 

Accelerated Vesting of Outstanding RUP Awards (6) 

1,842,070 

1,842,070 

1,842,070 

Medical Benefits (3) 

27,458 

41,187 

Total 

1,842,070 

1,842,070 

627,458 

6,877,050 

Michael A. Kuglin 

Cash Compensation (1) (2) (3) (4) 

400,000 

2,160,000 

Accelerated Vesting of Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 
 2019 LTIP Awards 150 (5) 

742,480 

Accelerated Vesting of Outstanding RUP Awards (6) 

1,143,102 

1,143,102 

1,143,102 

Medical Benefits (3) 

24,891 

37,337 

Total 

1,143,102 

1,143,102 

424,891 

4,082,919 

Steven C. Boyd 

Cash Compensation (1) (2) (3) (4) 

400,000 

2,160,000 

Accelerated Vesting of Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 
 2019 LTIP Awards 150 (5) 

742,480 

Accelerated Vesting of Outstanding RUP Awards (6) 

1,143,102 

1,143,102 

459,981 

1,143,102 

Medical Benefits (3) 

25,878 

38,817 

Total 

1,143,102 

1,143,102 

885,859 

4,084,399 

Douglas T. Brinkworth 

Cash Compensation (1) (2) (3) (4) 

360,000 

1,944,000 

Accelerated Vesting of Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 
 2019 LTIP Awards 150 (5) 

671,734 

Accelerated Vesting of Outstanding RUP Awards (6) 

1,070,904 

1,070,904 

433,324 

1,070,904 

Medical Benefits (3) 

25,562 

38,343 

Total 

1,070,904 

1,070,904 

818,886 

3,724,981 

Neil E. Scanlon 

Cash Compensation (1) (2) (3) (4) 

320,000 

1,728,000 

Accelerated Vesting of Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 
 2019 LTIP Awards 150 (5) 

598,313 

Accelerated Vesting of Outstanding RUP Awards (6) 

1,054,832 

1,054,832 

417,252 

1,054,832 

Medical Benefits (3) 

25,246 

37,869 

Total 

1,054,832 

1,054,832 

762,498 

3,419,014 

(1) 
 
 In the event of death, the named executive officer s estate is entitled to a payment equal to the decedent s earned but unpaid salary and pro-rata cash bonus. 

(2) 
 
 In the event of disability, the named executive officer is entitled to a payment equal to his earned but unpaid salary and pro-rata cash bonus. 

79 
 
 Table of Contents 

(3) 
 
 Any severance benefits, unrelated to a change of control event, payable to these officers would be determined by the Committee on a case-by-case basis in accordance with prior treatment of other similarly situated executives and may, as a result, differ substantially from this hypothetical presentation. For purposes of this table, we have assumed that each of these named executive officers would, upon termination of employment without cause or for resignation for good reason, receive accrued salary and benefits through the date of termination plus one times annual salary and continued participation, at active employee rates, in our health insurance plans for one year. In regard to a termination of employment without cause or resignation with good reason in connection to a change of control event, we will provide our named executive officers with eighteen months of insurance coverage. 

(4) 
 
 Each of our named executive officers will receive 156 weeks of base pay plus a sum equal to their annual target cash bonus divided by 52 and multiplied by 156 in accordance with the terms of the Executive Special Severance Plan in the event of a termination without cause or a resignation with good reason in connection to a change of control. For more information on the Executive Special Severance Plan, refer to the subheading Change of Control in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 

(5) 
 
 In the event of a change of control, all awards under the LTIP will vest immediately regardless of whether termination immediately follows. If a change of control event occurred at the conclusion of fiscal 2021, payments would have been equal to 150 of the cash value of a participant s unvested phantom units plus a sum equal to 150 of a participant s unvested phantom units multiplied by an amount equal to the cumulative, per-Common Unit distribution from the beginning of an unvested award s three-year measurement period through the date on which the change of control occurred. If a change of control event occurred on September 25, 2021, the fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 awards would have been subject to this treatment. For more information, refer to the subheading Long-Term Incentive Plan in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 

 In the event of death, the inability to continue employment because of permanent disability, or a termination without cause or a good reason resignation unconnected to a change of control event, awards will vest in accordance with the normal vesting schedule and will be subject to the same requirements as awards held by individuals still employed by us and will be subject to the same risks as awards held by all other participants. 

(6) 
 
 The Restricted Unit Plans provide for the vesting of all unvested awards held by a participant at the time of his or her death or at the time he or she becomes permanently disabled the units shall vest six months and one day following the participant s date of death or the date on which his or her employment was terminated as a result of the disability. 

Under circumstances unrelated to a change of control, if a Restricted Unit Plan award recipient s employment is terminated without cause or he or she resigns for good reason, any restricted unit awards held by such recipient will be forfeited. Because some of Mr. Boyd s, Mr. Brinkworth s and Mr. Scanlon s unvested awards were subject to the retirement provisions on the last day of fiscal 2021, if Mr. Boyd, Mr. Brinkworth or Mr. Scanlon had been terminated without cause on September 25, 2021, 30,422 of Mr. Boyd s, 28,659 of Mr. Brinkworth s and 27,596 of Mr. Scanlon s awards would have vested in accordance with the retirement provisions of the Restricted Unit Plans. 
 
 In the event of a change of control, as defined in the 2009 and 2018 Restricted Unit Plan documents, all unvested RUP awards will vest immediately on the date the change of control is consummated, regardless of the holding period and regardless of whether the recipient s employment is terminated. 
 CEO PAY RATIO 
 As required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and SEC rules, we are providing the following information about the relationship of the annual total compensation of our employees and the annual total compensation of Mr. Stivala, our President and Chief Executive Officer (the CEO): 
 For fiscal 2021, our last completed fiscal year: 

the annual total compensation of the employee identified at median of our company (other than our CEO), was 52,714 and 

the annual total compensation of the CEO for purposes of determining the CEO Pay Ratio was 3,115,247. 

 Based on this information, for fiscal 2021, the ratio of the annual total compensation of Mr. Stivala, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees was estimated to be 59 to 1. 
 This pay ratio is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K based on our payroll and employment records and the methodology described below. The SEC rules for identifying the median compensated 
 
 80 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 employee and calculating the pay ratio based on that employee s annual total compensation allow companies to adopt a variety of methodologies, to apply certain exclusions, and to make reasonable estimates and assumptions that reflect their compensation practices. As such, the pay ratio reported by other companies may not be comparable to the pay ratio reported above, as other companies may have different employment and compensation practices and may utilize different methodologies, exclusions, estimates and assumptions in calculating their own pay ratios. 
 To identify the median of the annual total compensation of all our employees, as well as to determine the annual total compensation of the median employee, the methodology and the material assumptions, adjustments, and estimates that we used were as follows: 
 We determined that, as of August 15, 2021, our employee population consisted of approximately 3,382 individuals. We selected August 15, 2021, which is within the last three months of fiscal 2021, as the date upon which we would identify the median employee to allow sufficient time to identify the median employee. 
 To identify the median employee from our employee population, we collected all W-2 wages paid to each employee during the twelve-month period ending on August 15, 2021. This included each employee s actual base salary and any overtime, any cash bonuses, the value of any Restricted Unit Plan awards that vested during the period, and any other miscellaneous forms of W-2-related compensation added to our employees earnings record during the period. In making this determination, we annualized the salaries of all newly hired permanent employees during this period. 
 After we identified our median employee, we calculated such employee s annual total compensation for fiscal 2021 utilizing the same methodology used to determine the CEO s compensation, resulting in annual total compensation of 52,714. 
 
 SUPERVISORS COMPENSATION 
 The following table sets forth the compensation of the non-employee members of the Board of Supervisors of the Partnership during fiscal 2021. 

Supervisor 

Fees Earned or 
 Paid in Cash (1) 

Unit Awards (2) 

Total 

Matthew J. Chanin 

125,000 

125,000 

Lawrence C. Caldwell 

90,000 

90,000 

Terence J. Connors 

110,000 

110,000 

William M. Landuyt 

90,000 

90,000 

Harold R. Logan Jr. 

90,000 

90,000 

Jane Swift 

105,000 

105,000 

John Hoyt Stookey (Date of Death: January 31, 2021) 

22,500 

15,720 

38,220 

(1) 
 
 This includes amounts earned for fiscal 2021, including quarterly retainer installments for the fourth quarter of 2021 that were paid in November 2021. 

(2) 
 
 Mr. Stookey was the only Supervisor who received a restricted unit grant during fiscal 2021. The Committee made this grant in accordance with its policy of providing retiring Supervisors with a 1,000-unit grant in anticipation of his planned retirement on May 18, 2021 unfortunately, he passed away before his planned retirement date. Accordingly, the Committee waived the one-year holding requirement of the retirement provisions of the plan document. At the end of fiscal 2021, Mr. Logan held 6,516 unvested restricted units and Messieurs Caldwell, Chanin, Connors, Landuyt and Ms. Swift each held 5,069 unvested restricted units. 

 Note: The columns for reporting option awards, non-equity incentive plan compensation, changes in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation plan earnings and all other forms of compensation were omitted from the Supervisor s Compensation Table because the Partnership does not provide these forms of compensation to its non-employee supervisors. 
 Fees and Benefit Plans for Non-Employee Supervisors 
 Annual Cash Retainer Fees . As the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors, Mr. Chanin receives an annual cash retainer of 125,000, payable in quarterly installments of 31,250 each. Each of the other non-employee Supervisors receives an annual cash retainer of 90,000 each, payable in quarterly installments of 22,500. As Chair of the Compensation Committee, Ms. Swift receives an additional annual cash retainer of 15,000, payable in quarterly installments of 3,750 each. As Chair of the Audit Committee, Mr. Connors receives an additional annual cash retainer of 20,000, payable in quarterly installments of 5,000 each. 
 
 81 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Meeting Fees. The members of our Board of Supervisors receive no additional remuneration for attendance at regularly scheduled meetings of the Board or its Committees, other than reimbursement of reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such attendance. 
 Restricted Unit Plans. Each non-employee Supervisor is eligible to participate in our Restricted Unit Plans. All awards vest in accordance with the provisions of the plan document (see Compensation Discussion and Analysis section titled Restricted Unit Plans for a description of the vesting schedule). Upon vesting, all awards are settled by issuing Common Units. 
 Additional Supervisor Compensation. Non-employee Supervisors receive no other forms of remuneration from us. The only perquisite provided to the members of the Board of Supervisors is the ability to purchase propane at the same discounted rate that we offer propane to our employees, the value of which was less than 10,000 in fiscal 2021 for each Supervisor. 

82 
 
 Table of Contents 

ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED UNITHOLDER MATTERS 

 The following table sets forth certain information as of November 22, 2021 regarding the beneficial ownership of Common Units by (a) each person or group known to the Partnership, based upon its review of filings under Section 13(d) or (g) under the Securities Act, to own more than 5 of the outstanding Common Units (b) each member of the Board of Supervisors (c) each executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table in Item 11 of this Annual Report and (d) all members of the Board of Supervisors and executive officers as a group. Except as set forth in the notes to the table, each individual or entity has sole voting and investment power over the Common Units reported. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 

Percent of Class (2) 

Invesco Ltd. (a) 

5,428,077 

8.6 

Michael A. Stivala (b) 

163,973 

Michael A. Kuglin (c) 

70,206 

Steven C. Boyd (c) 

104,442 

Douglas T. Brinkworth (d) 

79,454 

Neil Scanlon (e) 

90,902 

Matthew J. Chanin (f) 

37,003 

Harold R. Logan, Jr. (g) 

24,599 

Jane Swift (g) 

8,819 

Lawrence C. Caldwell (g) 

40,074 

Terence J. Connors (g) 

28,267 

William M. Landuyt (g) 

38,767 

All Members of the Board of Supervisors and 
 Executive Officers, as a group (23 persons) (h) 

1,000,463 

1.6 

(1) 
 
 With the exception of the 5,428,077 units held by Invesco Ltd. (of which the Partnership has no knowledge, see note (a) below) and the 784 units held by the General Partner (see note (b) below), the above listed units may be held in brokerage accounts where they are pledged as security. 

(2) 
 
 Based upon 62,963,712 Common Units outstanding on November 22, 2021. 

Less than 1 . 

a 
 
 Based upon a Schedule 13G/A dated May 10, 2021 filed by Invesco Ltd., which indicates that as of April 30, 2021, Invesco Ltd. had the sole power to vote or to direct the vote of 5,428,077 Common Units and the sole power to dispose or to direct the disposition of 5,428,077 Common Units. The 13G/A indicates that Invesco Ltd. may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of these Common Units for purposes of Rule 13d-3 because it and certain affiliates have shared power to retain or dispose of Common Units belonging to many unrelated clients. We make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of the information reported. The address of Invesco Ltd. is 1555 Peachtree Street NE, Suite 1800, Atlanta, GA 30309. 

(b) 
 
 Includes 784 Common Units held by the General Partner, of which Mr. Stivala is the sole member. Excludes 122,378 unvested restricted units, none of which will vest in the 60-day period following November 22, 2021. 

(c) 
 
 Excludes 88,442 unvested restricted units, none of which will vest in the 60-day period following November 22, 2021. 

(d) 
 
 Excludes 85,733 unvested restricted units, none of which will vest in the 60-day period following November 22, 2021. 

(e) 
 
 Excludes 82,196 unvested restricted units, none of which will vest in the 60-day period following November 22, 2021. 

(f) 
 
 Excludes 28,691 unvested restricted units, none of which will vest in the 60-day period following November 22, 2021. 

(g) 
 
 Excludes 22,316 unvested restricted units, none of which will vest in the 60-day period following November 22, 2021. 

(h) 
 
 Inclusive of the unvested restricted units referred to in footnotes (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), and (g), above, the reported number of units excludes 1,005,985 unvested restricted units, none of which will vest in the 60-day period following November 22, 2021. 

83 
 
 Table of Contents 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under the Restricted Unit Plans 
 The following table sets forth certain information, as of September 25, 2021, with respect to the Partnership s Restricted Unit Plans, under which restricted units of the Partnership, as described in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report, are authorized for issuance. 

Plan Category 

Number of Common Units to be issued upon vesting of restricted units 
 (a) 

Weighted-average grant date fair value per restricted unit 
 (b) 

Number of restricted units remaining available for future issuance under the Restricted Unit Plan (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security 
 holders (1) 

961,816 

(2) 

17.60 

1,166,353 

Equity compensation plans not approved by 
 security holders 

Total 

961,816 

17.60 

1,166,353 

(1) 
 
 Relates to the Restricted Unit Plans. 

(2) 
 
 Represents number of restricted units that, as of September 25, 2021, had been granted under the Restricted Unit Plans but had not yet vested. 

84 
 
 Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 Related Person Transactions 
 None. See Partnership Management under Item 10 above for a description of the Audit Committee s role in reviewing, and approving or ratifying, related party transactions. 
 Supervisor Independence 
 The Corporate Governance Guidelines and Principles adopted by the Board of Supervisors provide that a Supervisor is deemed to be lacking a material relationship to the Partnership and is therefore independent of management if the following criteria are satisfied: 

1. 
 
 Within the past three years, the Supervisor: 

a. 
 
 has not been employed by the Partnership and has not received more than 120,000 per year in direct compensation from the Partnership, other than Supervisor and committee fees and pension or other forms of deferred compensation for prior service 

b. 
 
 has not provided significant advisory or consultancy services to the Partnership, and has not been affiliated with a company or a firm that has provided such services to the Partnership in return for aggregate payments during any of the last three fiscal years of the Partnership in excess of the greater of 2 of the other company s consolidated gross revenues or 1 million 

c. 
 
 has not been a significant customer or supplier of the Partnership and has not been affiliated with a company or firm that has been a customer or supplier of the Partnership and has either made to the Partnership or received from the Partnership payments during any of the last three fiscal years of the Partnership in excess of the greater of 2 of the other company s consolidated gross revenues or 1 million 

d. 
 
 has not been employed by or affiliated with an internal or external auditor that within the past three years provided services to the Partnership and 

e. 
 
 has not been employed by another company where any of the Partnership s current executives serve on that company s compensation committee 

2. 
 
 The Supervisor is not a spouse, parent, sibling, child, mother- or father-in-law, son- or daughter-in-law or brother- or sister-in-law of, and does not share a residence with (other than a domestic employee), a person that has (i) received more than 120,000 from the Partnership, (ii) is an executive officer of the Partnership or the entities identified in (1)(a) through (1)(c) or (1)(e) above, or (iii) is a partner of an internal or external auditor of the Partnership, or is employed by such auditor and personally worked on the Partnership s audit within the past three years 

3. 
 
 The Supervisor is not affiliated with a tax-exempt entity that within the past 12 months received significant contributions from the Partnership (contributions of the greater of 2 of the entity s consolidated gross revenues or 1 million are considered significant) and 

4. 
 
 The Supervisor does not have any other relationships with the Partnership or with members of senior management of the Partnership that the Board determines to be material. 

 A copy of our Corporate Governance Guidelines is available without charge from our website at www.suburbanpropane.com or upon written request directed to: Suburban Propane Partners, L.P., Investor Relations, P.O. Box 206, Whippany, New Jersey 07981-0206. 
 
 85 
 
 Table of Contents 

ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTING FEES AND SERVICES 

 The following table sets forth the aggregate fees for services related to fiscal years 2021 and 2020 provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm. 

Fiscal 
 2021 

Fiscal 
 2020 

Audit Fees (a) 

2,091,935 

2,032,835 

Tax Fees (b) 

874,885 

907,385 

All Other Fees (c) 

4,500 

2,700 

Total 

2,971,320 

2,942,920 

(a) 
 
 Audit Fees consist of professional services rendered for the integrated audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and our internal control over financial reporting, including reviews of our quarterly financial statements, as well as the issuance of consents in connection with other filings made with the SEC. 

(b) 
 
 Tax Fees consist of fees for professional services related to tax reporting, tax compliance and transaction services assistance. 

(c) 
 
 All Other Fees represent fees for the purchase of a license to an accounting research software tool. 

 The Audit Committee of the Board of Supervisors has adopted a formal policy concerning the approval of audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. The policy requires that all services PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP may provide to us, including audit services and permitted audit-related and non-audit services, be pre-approved by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee pre-approved all audit and non-audit services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP during fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020. 

86 
 
 Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

1. 
 
 Financial Statements 

 See Index to Financial Statements set forth on page F-1. 

2. 
 
 Financial Statement Schedule 

 See Index to Financial Statement Schedule set forth on page S-1. 

3. 
 
 Exhibits 

 See Index to Exhibits . Each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement is identified with a # . 

ITEM 16. 
 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

 None. 

87 
 
 Table of Contents 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 The exhibits listed on this Exhibit Index are filed as part of this Annual Report. Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K, which are not listed below, are not applicable. 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 

3.1 

Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership dated as of October 19, 2006, as amended as of July 31, 2007 and January 24, 2018 and as further amended November 11, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 16, 2020). 

3.2 

Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership dated as of October 19, 2006, as amended as of June 24, 2009 and as further amended as of January 24, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 24, 2018). 

3.3 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership dated May 26, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2009). 

3.4 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership dated May 26, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2009). 

4.1 

Description of Common Units of the Partnership. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 19, 2006). 

4.2 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 14, 2017, to the Indenture, dated as of May 27, 2014, relating to the 5.875 Senior Notes due 2027, among Suburban Propane Partners, L.P., Suburban Energy Finance Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 14, 2017). 

4.3 

Indenture, dated as of May 24, 2021, relating to the 5.000 Senior Notes due 2031, among Suburban Propane Partners, L.P., Suburban Energy Finance Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 21, 2021). 

10.1 

Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. 2009 Restricted Unit Plan, effective August 1, 2009, as amended on November 13, 2012, August 6, 2013 and May 13, 2015. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 14, 2015). # 

10.2 

Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. 2018 Restricted Unit Plan, effective June 1, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 16, 2018). # 

10.3 

Suburban Propane, L.P. Severance Protection Plan, as amended on January 24, 2008, January 20, 2009 and November 10, 2009. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 25, 2009). # 

10.4 

Suburban Propane, L.P. Executive Special Severance Plan, effective January 1, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2019). # 

10.5 

Suburban Propane, L.P. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective October 1, 2013, as amended on November 14, 2016, January 22, 2019 and November 12, 2019. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 27, 2019). # 

10.6 

Suburban Propane, L.P. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective September 27, 2020, (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 16, 2020). # 

10.7 

Amended and Restated Retirement Savings and Investment Plan of Suburban Propane (effective as of January 1, 2013). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 23, 2016). # 

10.8 

First Amendment to the Retirement Savings and Investment Plan of Suburban Propane (effective January 1, 2015). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 23, 2016). # 

88 
 
 Table of Contents 

10. 9 

Second Amendment to the Retirement Savings and Investment Plan of Suburban Propane (effective January 1, 2016). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 23, 2016). # 

10.10 

Third Amendment to the Retirement Savings and Investment Plan of Suburban Propane (effective August 1, 2016). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 22, 2017). # 

10.11 

Fourth Amendment to the Retirement Savings and Investment Plan of Suburban Propane (effective January 1, 2017). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 22, 2017). # 

10.12 

Fifth Amendment to the Retirement Savings and Investment Plan of Suburban Propane (effective April 1, 2018). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2018). # 

10.13 

S ixth Amendment to the Retirement Savings and Investment Plan of Suburban Propane (effective January 1, 2019). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 8, 2019). # 

10.14 

Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. Distribution Equivalent Rights Plan, effective January 17, 2017 , as amended January 22, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed February 7, 2019) . # 

10.15 

Third Amendment to the Pension Plan for Eligible Employees of Suburban Propane, L.P. and Subsidiaries (effective June 1, 2017). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 22, 2017). # 

10.16 

Fourth Amendment to the Pension Plan for Eligible Employees of Suburban Propane, L.P. and Subsidiaries (effective January 1, 2019). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed February 7, 2019). # 

10.17 

Fifth Amendment to the Pension Plan for Eligible Employees of Suburban Propane, L.P. and Subsidiaries (effective January 1, 2019 and October 1, 2019, as applicable). (I ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 27, 2019 ). # 

10.18 

S ixth Amendment to the Pension Plan for Eligible Employees of Suburban Propane, L.P. and Subsidiaries (effective D ecember 20, 2019 ). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed February 6, 2020). # 

10.19 

Seventh Amendment to the Pension Plan for Eligible Employees of Suburban Propane, L.P. and Subsidiaries (effective January 1, 2016). (Filed herewith). # 

10.20 

Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among the Operating Partnership, the Partnership and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto, dated March 5, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2020). 

10.21 

Amended and Restated 2018 Restricted Unit Plan of Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2021). 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. (Filed herewith). 

23.1 

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. (Filed herewith). 

31.1 

Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith). 

31.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith). 

32.1 

Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Furnished herewith). 

32.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Furnished herewith). 

99.1 

Equity Holding Policy for Supervisors and Executives of Suburban Propane Partners, L.P., as amended on November 10, 2015 and as further amended on November 13, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 21, 2018). 

99.2 

Five-Year Performance Graph (Furnished herewith). 

89 
 
 Table of Contents 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded in the Inline XBRL document). 

90 
 
 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS, L.P. 

Date: November 24, 2021 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL A. STIVALA 

Michael A. Stivala 

President, Chief Executive Officer and 

Supervisor 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

By: 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL A. STIVALA 

President, Chief Executive 

November 24, 2021 

(Michael A. Stivala) 

Officer and Supervisor 

By: 
 
 /s/ MATTHEW J. CHANIN 

Chairman and Supervisor 

November 24, 2021 

(Matthew J. Chanin) 

By: 
 
 /s/ HAROLD R. LOGAN, JR. 

Supervisor 

November 24, 2021 

(Harold R. Logan, Jr.) 

By: 
 
 /s/ JANE SWIFT 

Supervisor 

November 24, 2021 

(Jane Swift) 

By: 
 
 /s/ LAWRENCE C. CALDWELL 

Supervisor 

November 24, 2021 

(Lawrence C. Caldwell) 

By: 
 
 /s/ TERENCE J. CONNORS 

Supervisor 

November 24, 2021 

(Terence J. Connors) 

By: 
 
 /s/ WILLIAM M. LANDUYT 

Supervisor 

November 24, 2021 

(William M. Landuyt) 

By: 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL A. KUGLIN 

Chief Financial Officer and 

November 24, 2021 

(Michael A. Kuglin) 

Chief Accounting Officer 

By: 
 
 /s/ DANIEL S. BLOOMSTEIN 

Vice President and Controller 

November 24, 2021 

(Daniel S. Bloomstein) 

91 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets As of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations Years Ended September 25, 2021, September 26, 2020 and September 28, 2019 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years Ended September 25, 2021, September 26, 2020 and September 28, 2019 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended September 25, 2021, September 26, 2020 and September 28, 2019 
 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Partners Capital Years Ended September 25, 2021, September 26, 2020 and September 28, 2019 
 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Supervisors and Unitholders 
 of Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. and its subsidiaries (the Partnership as of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of partners' capital and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 25, 2021, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Partnership's internal control over financial reporting as of September 25, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership as of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 25, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Partnership maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 25, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Partnership changed the manner in which it accounts for leases as of September 29, 2019. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Partnership's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Partnership s consolidated financial statements and on the Partnership's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in 
 
 F-2 

accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements . 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Accrued Insurance 
 As described in Notes 2 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements, the Partnership had accrued insurance liabilities of approximately 66 million as of September 25, 2021, which represents the estimated costs of known and anticipated or unasserted claims for incidents related to general and product, workers compensation and automobile liabilities. For each claim, the Partnership records a provision up to the estimated amount of the probable claim utilizing actuarially determined loss development factors applied to actual historical claims data. The Partnership is self-insured for these liabilities up to predetermined amounts above which third party insurance applies. The Partnership maintains insurance coverage such that its net exposure for insured claims is limited to the insurance deductible, claims above which are paid by the Partnership s insurance carriers. For the portion of the estimated liability that exceeds insurance deductibles, the Partnership records an asset within other assets related to the amount of the liability expected to be covered by insurance, which amounted to approximately 16 million as of September 25, 2021. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to accrued insurance is a critical audit matter are there was significant judgment by management in determining the estimate of net exposure for estimated costs of known and anticipated or unasserted claims for self-insured liabilities arising from incidents related to general and product, workers compensation, and automobile liabilities. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to these determinations and management s significant assumption for loss development factors. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s accrued insurance calculation, including controls over the determination of loss development factors. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for determining the net exposure for estimated costs of known and anticipated or unasserted claims for self-insured liabilities arising from incidents related to general and product, workers compensation, and automobile liabilities and management s significant assumption for loss development factors. This included testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used by management. Evaluating management s significant assumption related to loss development factors involved evaluating the historical claims data utilized by management in estimating the costs of known and anticipated or unasserted claims. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the appropriateness of the actuarial methods used by management and the reasonableness of management s significant assumption for loss development factors used to estimate costs of known and anticipated or unasserted claims. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

Florham Park, New Jersey 
 November 24, 2021 
 
 We have served as the Partnership s auditor since 1995. 

F-3 

SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands) 

September 25, 

September 26, 

2021 

2020 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of and 
 , respectively 

Inventories 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' CAPITAL 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued employment and benefit costs 

Accrued insurance 

Customer deposits and advances 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accrued interest 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term borrowings 

Accrued insurance 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Partners' capital: 

Common Unitholders and units issued and outstanding at 
 September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, respectively) 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total partners' capital 

Total liabilities and partners' capital 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-4 

SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per unit amounts) 

Year Ended 

September 25, 

September 26, 

September 28, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Revenues 

Propane 

Fuel oil and refined fuels 

Natural gas and electricity 

All other 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of products sold 

Operating 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Operating income 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Interest expense, net 

Other, net 

Income before provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

Net income 

Net income per Common Unit - basic 

Weighted average number of Common Units outstanding - basic 

Net income per Common Unit - diluted 

Weighted average number of Common Units outstanding - diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-5 

SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended 

September 25, 

September 26, 

September 28, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Amortization of net actuarial gains (losses) and prior service credits into 
 earnings and net change in funded status of benefit plans 

Recognition in earnings of net actuarial loss for pension settlement 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-6 

SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended 

September 25, 

September 26, 

September 28, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operations: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Compensation costs recognized under Restricted Unit Plans 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Pension settlement charge 

Other, net 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Other current and noncurrent assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued employment and benefit costs 

Accrued insurance 

Customer deposits and advances 

Contributions to defined benefit pension plan 

Other current and noncurrent liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital expenditures 

Investment in and acquisition of businesses 

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 

Net cash (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from long-term borrowings 

Repayments of long-term borrowings 

Proceeds from borrowings under revolving credit facility 

Repayments of borrowings under revolving credit facility 

Issuance costs associated with long-term borrowings 

Partnership distributions 

Other, net 

Net cash (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-7 

SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PARTNERS CAPITAL 
 (in thousands) 

Accumulated 

Other 

Total 

Number of 

Common 

Comprehensive 

Partners' 

Common Units 

Unitholders 

(Loss) 

Capital 

Balance at September 29, 2018 

Net income 

Amortization of net actuarial (losses) and prior service credits into 
 earnings and net change in funded status of benefit plans 

Partnership distributions 

Common Units issued under Restricted Unit Plans 

Common Units issued for acquisition of business 

Compensation costs recognized under Restricted Unit Plans 

Balance at September 28, 2019 

Cumulative adjustment for lease accounting standard 

Net income 

Amortization of net actuarial (losses) and prior service credits into 
 earnings and net change in funded status of benefit plans 

Partnership distributions 

Common Units issued under Restricted Unit Plans 

Recognition in earnings of net actuarial loss for pension settlement 

Compensation costs recognized under Restricted Unit Plans 

Balance at September 26, 2020 

Net income 

Amortization of net actuarial gains and prior service credits into 
 earnings and net change in funded status of benefit plans 

Partnership distributions 

Common Units issued under Restricted Unit Plans 

Recognition in earnings of net actuarial loss for pension settlement 

Compensation costs recognized under Restricted Unit Plans 

Balance at September 25, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-8 

SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except unit and per unit amounts) 
 Common Units outstanding at September 25, 2021. The holders of Common Units are entitled to participate in distributions and exercise the rights and privileges available to limited partners under the Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership (the Partnership Agreement ), as amended. Rights and privileges under the Partnership Agreement include, among other things, the election of all members of the Board of Supervisors and voting on the removal of the general partner. 
 Suburban Propane, L.P. (the Operating Partnership ), a Delaware limited partnership, is the Partnership s operating subsidiary formed to operate the propane business and assets. In addition, Suburban Sales & Service, Inc. (the Service Company ), a subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, was formed to operate the service work and appliance and parts businesses of the Partnership. The Operating Partnership, together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries, accounts for substantially all of the Partnership s assets, revenues and earnings. The Partnership, the Operating Partnership and the Service Company commenced operations in March 1996 in connection with the Partnership s initial public offering. 
 The general partner of both the Partnership and the Operating Partnership is Suburban Energy Services Group LLC (the General Partner ), a Delaware limited liability company, the sole member of which is the Partnership s Chief Executive Officer. Other than as a holder of Common Units that will remain in the General Partner, the General Partner does not have any economic interest in the Partnership or the Operating Partnership. 
 The Partnership s fuel oil and refined fuels, natural gas and electricity and services businesses are structured as either limited liability companies that are treated as corporations or corporate entities (collectively referred to as the Corporate Entities and, as such, are subject to corporate level U.S. income tax. 
 Suburban Energy Finance Corp., a direct -owned subsidiary of the Partnership, was formed on November 26, 2003 to serve as co-issuer, jointly and severally with the Partnership, of the Partnership s senior notes. 
 The Partnership serves approximately million residential, commercial, industrial and agricultural customers through approximately locations in states. The Partnership s operations are principally concentrated in the east and west coast regions of the United States, as well as portions of the Midwest region of the United States and Alaska. No single customer accounted for 10 or more of the Partnership s revenues during fiscal 2021, 2020 or 2019. 
 limited partner interest in the Operating Partnership. / week fiscal year which ends on the last Saturday in September. The Partnership s fiscal quarters are generally weeks in duration. When the Partnership s fiscal year is 53 weeks long, the corresponding fourth quarter is weeks in duration. Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 included 52 weeks of operations. 
 
 F-9 

F-10 
 
 plus of 1 or the agent bank s prime rate, or plus , plus the applicable margin. The applicable margin is dependent on the level of the Partnership s total leverage (the ratio of total debt to income before deducting interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA )). Therefore, the Partnership is subject to interest rate risk on the variable component of the interest rate. From time to time, the Partnership manages part of its variable interest rate risk by entering into interest rate swap agreements. The Partnership did not enter into any interest rate swap agreements during fiscal 2021, 2020 or 2019. 
 Valuation of Derivative Instruments. The Partnership measures the fair value of its exchange-traded options and futures contracts using quoted market prices found on the New York Mercantile Exchange (the NYMEX (Level 1 inputs) the fair value of its swap contracts using quoted forward prices, and the fair value of its interest rate swaps using model-derived valuations driven by observable projected movements of the 3-month LIBOR (Level 2 inputs) and the fair value of its over-the-counter options contracts using Level 3 inputs. The Partnership s over-the-counter options contracts are valued based on an internal option model. The inputs utilized in the model are based on publicly available information as well as broker quotes. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements of the Partnership s over-the-counter options contracts are interest rate and market volatility. 
 
 F-11 

Years 

Building and land improvements 

Years 

Transportation equipment 

- 

Storage facilities 

- 

Office equipment 

- 

Tanks and cylinders 

- 

Computer software 

- 

The weighted average estimated useful life of the Partnership s storage facilities and tanks and cylinders is approximately years and years, respectively. 
 The Partnership reviews the recoverability of long-lived assets when circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Such circumstances include a significant adverse change in the manner in which an asset is being used, current operating losses combined with a history of operating losses experienced by the asset or a current expectation that an asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of its previously estimated useful life. Evaluation of possible impairment is based on the Partnership s ability to recover the value of the asset from the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. If the expected undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount of such asset, an impairment loss is recorded as the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its fair value. The fair value of an asset will be measured using the best information available, including prices for similar assets or the result of using a discounted cash flow valuation technique. 
 
 F-12 
 
 limited partnerships, the Partnership and the Operating Partnership, and the Corporate Entities. For federal income tax purposes, as well as for state income tax purposes in the majority of the states in which the Partnership operates, the earnings attributable to the Partnership and the Operating Partnership are included in the tax returns of the Common Unitholders. As a result, except for certain states that impose an income tax on partnerships, no income tax expense is reflected in the Partnership s consolidated financial statements relating to the earnings of the Partnership and the Operating Partnership. The earnings attributable to the Corporate Entities are subject to federal and state income tax. Net earnings for financial statement purposes may differ significantly from taxable income reportable to Common Unitholders as a result of differences between the tax basis and financial reporting basis of assets and liabilities and the taxable income allocation requirements under the Partnership Agreement. 
 Income taxes for the Corporate Entities are provided based on the asset and liability approach to accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of differences between the carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period when the change is enacted. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that the full amount will not be realized. 
 
 F-13 
 
 , and units for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, to reflect the potential dilutive effect of the unvested restricted units outstanding using the treasury stock method. , but did not have an impact on the Partnership s other consolidated financial statements or on its financial metrics used for debt covenant compliance. See Note 8, Leases for more information . 
 On the first day of fiscal 2021, the Partnership adopted the guidance under ASU 2017-04 Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment Topic 350 ). This update eliminated the requirement to perform a hypothetical purchase price allocation to measure goodwill impairment. In testing goodwill for impairment, an entity may elect to utilize a qualitative assessment to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative assessment indicates that goodwill impairment is more likely than not, an entity should perform its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount and recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. The adoption of Topic 350 did not have an impact on the Partnership s consolidated financial statements. 
 On the first day of fiscal 2021, the Partnership adopted the guidance under ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments - Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments Topic 326 ), including the related amendments thereto. The new guidance introduced an approach based on expected losses rather than incurred losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments including, but not limited to, trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and net investments in leases. The Partnership adopted the guidance under Topic 326 using a modified retrospective transition approach for all financial instruments existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application. The adoption of Topic 326 did not have an impact on the Partnership s consolidated financial statements. 
 See Note 17, Segment Information for more information on segment reporting wherein it is disclosed that the Partnership s Propane, Fuel Oil and Refined Fuels and Natural Gas and Electricity reportable segments generated approximately , and , respectively, of the Partnership s revenue from its reportable segments for all periods presented. The propane segment contributes the majority of the Partnership s revenue and the concentration of revenue by customer type for the propane segment is not materially different from the consolidated revenue. 
 
 F-14 

Commercial 

Industrial 

Agricultural 

Government 

Wholesale 

Total revenues 

The Partnership recognized , and of revenue during fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, respectively, for annually billed tank rent, maintenance service contracts, fixed price contracts and budgetary programs where customer consideration was received at the start of the contract period and which was included in contract liabilities as of the beginning of each respective period. Contract assets of and relating to deliveries to customers enrolled in budgetary programs that exceeded billings to those customers were included in accounts receivable as of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, respectively . 
 equity stake in Oberon Fuels, Inc. Oberon based in San Diego, California and also purchased a secured convertible note issued by Oberon. Oberon, a development-stage producer of low carbon, renewable dimethyl ether rDME transportation fuel, is focused on the research and development of practical and affordable pathways to zero-emission transportation through its proprietary production process. Oberon's rDME fuel is a cost-effective, low-carbon, zero-soot alternative to petroleum diesel, and when blended with propane can significantly reduce its carbon intensity. Additionally, rDME is a cost-effective carrier for hydrogen, making it easy to deliver this renewable fuel for the growing hydrogen fuel cell vehicle industry. Pursuant to the agreements, as amended, between the parties, the Operating Partnership also committed to provide additional funding to support continued development efforts to begin commercializing a rDME/propane blended product. During fiscal 2021, the Operating Partnership purchased additional secured convertible notes issued by Oberon as they reached certain development milestones as stated in the agreement. These investments were made in line with the Partnership s Go Green with Suburban Propane corporate pillar, which focuses on innovative solutions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The investment in Oberon is being accounted for under the equity method of accounting, included within Other assets within the consolidated balance sheets and its results are included within Other, net within the consolidated statements of operations. 

(2) 

2020 

(3) 

2019 

(4) 

(1) 

(2) 
 acquisition of a propane retailer located in North Carolina. 

(3) 
 acquisitions of propane retailers located in Georgia and California. 

(4) 
 in Common Units. 

F-15 

days after the end of each fiscal quarter in an aggregate amount equal to its Available Cash for such quarter. Available Cash, as defined in the Partnership Agreement, generally means all cash on hand at the end of the respective fiscal quarter less the amount of cash reserves established by the Board of Supervisors in its reasonable discretion for future cash requirements. These reserves are retained for the proper conduct of the Partnership s business, the payment of debt principal and interest and for distributions during the next four quarters. 

Second Quarter 

Third Quarter 

Fourth Quarter 

On , the Partnership announced an increase to the quarterly distribution of to per Common Unit, in respect of the third quarter of fiscal 2021. 

Appliances 

The Partnership enters into contracts for the supply of propane, fuel oil and natural gas. Such contracts generally have a term of one year subject to annual renewal, with purchase quantities specified at the time of order and costs based on market prices at the date of delivery. 

Buildings and improvements 

Transportation equipment 

Storage facilities 

Equipment, primarily tanks and cylinders 

Computer software 

Construction in progress 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation expense for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 amounted to , and , respectively. 

F-16 

Accumulated adjustments 

Fiscal 2021 Activity 

Goodwill acquired (1) 

Balance as of September 25, 2021 

Goodwill 

Accumulated adjustments 

Non-compete agreements (1) 

Other 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Customer relationships 

Non-compete agreements 

Other 

Aggregate amortization expense related to other intangible assets for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was , and , respectively. Aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years related to other intangible assets held as of September 25, 2021 is estimated as follows: 2022 - 2023 - 2024 - 2025 - and 2026 - . 
 
 Short-term leases are leases having an initial term of or less. The Partnership recognizes expenses for short-term leases on a straight-line basis and does not record a lease asset or lease liability for such leases. 
 
 F-17 

Other information: 

Cash payments for operating leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating 
 lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term 

years 

years 

Weighted-average discount rate 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: interest 

Total lease obligations 

F-18 
 
 discrete deferred tax benefit recorded during the first quarter of fiscal 2020. 

State and local 

Deferred 

Impact of Partnership income not subject to 
 federal income taxes 

Permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

State income taxes 

Other 

Provision for income taxes - current and deferred 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Inventory 

Deferred revenue 

Other accruals 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangible assets 

Property, plant and equipment 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

F-19 
 
 senior notes, due 

senior notes, due 

senior notes, due 

senior notes, due 

Revolving Credit Facility, due 

Subtotal 

Less: unamortized debt issuance costs 

Senior Notes 
 2024 Senior Notes 
 On , the Partnership and its -owned subsidiary, Suburban Energy Finance Corp., completed a public offering of in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due (the 2024 Senior Notes ). The 2024 Senior Notes were issued at of the principal amount and require semi-annual interest payments in June and December. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2024 Senior Notes, along with cash on hand, were used to repurchase, satisfy and discharge all of the Partnership s then-outstanding senior notes due in 2018. 
 2025 Senior Notes 
 On , the Partnership and its 100 -owned subsidiary, Suburban Energy Finance Corp., completed a public offering of in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due (the 2025 Senior Notes ). The 2025 Senior Notes were issued at of the principal amount and require semi-annual interest payments in March and September. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Senior Notes, along with cash on hand, were used to repurchase, satisfy and discharge all of the Partnership s then-outstanding senior notes due in 2020. 
 On May 24, 2021, the Partnership repurchased, satisfied and discharged all of its previously outstanding 2024 Senior Notes and 2025 Senior Notes with net proceeds from the issuance of the 2031 Senior Notes, as defined below, and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, also as defined below, pursuant to a tender offer and redemption. In connection with this tender offer and redemption, the Partnership recognized a loss on the extinguishment of debt of consisting of and for the redemption premium and related fees for the 2024 Senior Notes and 2025 Senior Notes, respectively, as well as the write-off of and in unamortized debt origination costs for the 2024 Senior Notes and 2025 Senior Notes, respectively. 
 2027 Senior Notes 
 On , the Partnership and its 100 -owned subsidiary, Suburban Energy Finance Corp., completed a public offering of in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due (the 2027 Senior Notes ). The 2027 Senior Notes were issued at of the principal amount and require semi-annual interest payments in March and September. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2027 Senior Notes, along with borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, were used to repurchase, satisfy and discharge all of the Partnership s then-outstanding senior notes due in 2021. , in each case at the redemption prices described in the table below, together with any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of the redemption. 

Year 

Percentage 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 and thereafter 

F-20 
 
 , the Partnership and its 100 -owned subsidiary, Suburban Energy Finance Corp., completed a private offering of in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due (the 2031 Senior Notes to qualified institutional buyers, as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and non-U.S. persons outside the United States under Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2031 Senior Notes were issued at of the principal amount and require semi-annual interest payments in June and December. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2031 Senior Notes, along with borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, were used to repurchase, satisfy and discharge all of the 2024 Senior Notes and 2025 Senior Notes. 
 At any time prior to June 1, 2024, the Partnership may on any one or more occasions redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of 2031 Senior Notes at a redemption price of of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, with the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings, subject to the conditions described more fully in the indenture for the 2031 Senior Notes. 

2027 

2028 

2029 and thereafter 

The Partnership s obligations under the 2027 Senior Notes and 2031 Senior Notes (collectively, the Senior Notes are unsecured and rank senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness and equally in right of payment with any future senior indebtedness. The Senior Notes are structurally subordinated to, which means they rank effectively behind, any debt and other liabilities of the Operating Partnership. The Partnership is permitted to redeem some or all of the Senior Notes at redemption prices and times as specified in the indentures governing the Senior Notes. The Senior Notes each have a change of control provision that would require the Partnership to offer to repurchase the notes at of the principal amount repurchased, if a change of control, as defined in the indenture, occurs and is followed by a rating decline (a decrease in the rating of the notes by either Moody s Investors Service or Standard and Poor s Rating Group by one or more gradations) within days of the consummation of the change of control. 
 Credit Agreement 
 The Operating Partnership has an amended and restated credit agreement dated March 5, 2020 (the Credit Agreement that provides for a revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ), of which and was outstanding as of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, respectively. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on . Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions. The Operating Partnership has the right to prepay any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, in whole or in part, without penalty at any time prior to maturity. 
 The Credit Agreement contains certain restrictive and affirmative covenants applicable to the Operating Partnership, its subsidiaries and the Partnership, as well as certain financial covenants, including (a) requiring the Partnership s Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement, to be not less than to 1.0 as of the end of any fiscal quarter, (b) prohibiting the Total Consolidated Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement, of the Partnership from being greater than to 1.0, and (c) prohibiting the Senior Secured Consolidated Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement, of the Operating Partnership from being greater than to 1.0 as of the end of any fiscal quarter. 
 The Partnership and certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership act as guarantors with respect to the obligations of the Operating Partnership under the Credit Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth therein. The obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by liens on substantially all of the personal property of the Partnership, the Operating Partnership and their subsidiaries, as well as mortgages on certain real property. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at prevailing interest rates based upon, at the Operating Partnership s option, LIBOR plus the Applicable Rate, or the base rate, defined as the higher of the plus of 1 , the administrative agent bank s prime rate, or plus , plus in each case the Applicable Rate. The Applicable Rate is dependent upon the Partnership s Total Consolidated Leverage Ratio. As of September 25, 2021, the interest rate for borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility was approximately . The interest rate and the Applicable Rate will be reset following the end of each calendar quarter. 
 
 F-21 
 
 which expire periodically through . 
 The Credit Agreement and the Senior Notes both contain various restrictive and affirmative covenants applicable to the Operating Partnership, its subsidiaries and the Partnership, respectively, including (i) restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, and (ii) restrictions on certain liens, investments, guarantees, loans, advances, payments, mergers, consolidations, distributions, sales of assets and other transactions. Under the Credit Agreement and the indentures governing the Senior Notes, the Operating Partnership and the Partnership are generally permitted to make cash distributions equal to available cash, as defined, as of the end of the immediately preceding quarter, if no event of default exists or would exist upon making such distributions, and with respect to the indentures governing the Senior Notes, the Partnership s Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as defined, is greater than to 1. The Partnership and the Operating Partnership were in compliance with all covenants and terms of the Senior Notes and the Credit Agreement as of September 25, 2021. 
 Debt origination costs representing the costs incurred in connection with the placement of, and the subsequent amendment to, the Credit Agreement are capitalized within other assets and amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the Credit Agreement. During fiscal 2020, the Partnership recognized a charge of to write-off unamortized debt origination costs and capitalized in costs incurred in connection with the amendment to the Credit Agreement. Debt origination costs associated with the Partnership s Senior Notes are reflected as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of such debt and amortized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective Senior Notes. Other assets at September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020 include debt origination costs associated with the Credit Agreement with a net carrying amount of and , respectively. 
 The aggregate amounts of long-term debt maturities subsequent to September 25, 2021 are as follows: fiscal 2022: - - fiscal 2023: 0- fiscal 2024: - - fiscal 2025: fiscal 2026: 0- and thereafter: . 

F-22 
 
 as of July 31, 2019, the date on which this plan expired . At the Partnership s Tri-Annual Meeting held on May 15, 2018, the Unitholders approved the Partnership s 2018 Restricted Unit Plan authorizing the issuance of up to Common Units , which was amended and restated to authorize the issuance of an additional Common Units for a total of Common Units by approval of the Unitholders at the Partnership s Tri-Annual Meeting held on May 18, 2021, (the 2018 Restricted Unit Plan and together with the 2009 Restricted Unit Plan, from which there are still unvested awards outstanding, the Restricted Unit Plans . of all outstanding awards under the Restricted Unit Plans will vest on each of the first three anniversaries of the award grant date. Participants in the Restricted Unit Plans are not eligible to receive quarterly distributions on, or vote, their respective restricted units until vested. Restricted units cannot be sold or transferred prior to vesting. The value of each restricted unit is established by the market price of the Common Unit on the date of grant, net of estimated future distributions during the vesting period. Restricted units are subject to forfeiture in certain circumstances as defined in the Restricted Unit Plans. Compensation expense for the unvested awards is recognized ratably over the vesting periods and is net of estimated forfeitures. 

Awarded 

Forfeited 

Vested (1) 

Outstanding September 28, 2019 

Awarded 

Forfeited 

Vested (1) 

Outstanding September 26, 2020 

Awarded 

Forfeited 

Vested (1) 

Outstanding September 25, 2021 

, and Common Units, respectively, from participants for income tax withholding purposes for those executive officers of the Partnership whose shares of restricted units vested during the period. 
 
 As of September 25, 2021, unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted units awarded under the Restricted Unit Plans amounted to . Compensation cost associated with the unvested awards is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Compensation expense for the Restricted Unit Plans for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was , and , respectively. 
 Distribution Equivalent Rights Plan. Compensation expense recognized under the DER Plan was , and for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 Long-Term Incentive Plan. On August 6, 2013, the Partnership adopted the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2014 LTIP and on November 10, 2020, the Partnership adopted the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2021 LTIP and together with the 2014 LTIP, the LTIPs ). The 2014 LTIP document governs the terms and conditions of the outstanding fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020 awards and the 2021 LTIP document governs the terms and conditions of the outstanding fiscal 2021 award and any awards granted in fiscal years thereafter. The level of compensation earned under the 2014 LTIP is based on the Partnership s average distribution coverage ratio over the three-year measurement period. The Partnership s average distribution coverage ratio is calculated as the Partnership s average distributable cash flow, as defined by the 2014 LTIP document, for the three years in the measurement period, subject to certain adjustments as set forth in the 2014 LTIP document, divided by the amount of annualized cash distributions to be paid by the Partnership. Compensation expense, which includes adjustments to previously recognized compensation expense for current period changes in the fair value of unvested awards, for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was , and , respectively. The cash payout in fiscal 2021, which related to the fiscal 2018 award, was , and the cash payout in fiscal 2020, which related to the fiscal 2017 award, was . There was cash payout in fiscal 2019 which would have related to the fiscal 2016 award. 

F-23 

on up to of eligible compensation contributed with the opportunity to earn an additional performance-based matching contribution if certain annual fiscal performance targets are achieved. These contribution costs were , and for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 Defined Pension and Retiree Health and Life Benefits Arrangements 
 Pension Benefits. The Partnership has a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan which was originally designed to cover all eligible employees of the Partnership who met certain requirements as to age and length of service. Effective January 1, 1998, the Partnership amended its defined benefit pension plan to provide benefits under a cash balance formula as compared to a final average pay formula which was in effect prior to January 1, 1998. Effective January 1, 2000, participation in the defined benefit pension plan was limited to eligible existing participants on that date with no new participants eligible to participate in the plan. On September 20, 2002, the Board of Supervisors approved an amendment to the defined benefit pension plan whereby, effective January 1, 2003, future service credits ceased and eligible employees receive interest credits only toward their ultimate retirement benefit. 
 Contributions, as needed, are made to a trust maintained by the Partnership. Contributions to the defined benefit pension plan are made by the Partnership in accordance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 minimum funding standards plus additional amounts made at the discretion of the Partnership, which may be determined from time to time. Contributions of , and were made by the Partnership in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. In fiscal 2010, the Internal Revenue Service completed its review of the Partnership s defined benefit pension plan and issued a favorable determination letter pertaining to the cash balance formula. However, there can be no assurances that future legislative developments will not have an adverse effect on the Partnership s results of operations or cash flows. 
 Retiree Health and Life Benefits. The Partnership provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for certain retired employees. Partnership employees hired prior to July 1993 and who retired prior to March 1998 are eligible for postretirement health care benefits if they reached a specified retirement age while working for the Partnership. Partnership employees hired prior to July 1993 and who retired prior to January 1998 are eligible for life insurance benefits if they reached a specified retirement age while working for the Partnership. Effective January 1, 2017, the Partnership terminated postretirement life insurance benefits to all retirees that retired after December 31, 1997. Effective March 31, 1998, the Partnership froze participation in its postretirement health care benefit plan, with no new retirees eligible to participate in the plan. All active employees who were eligible to receive health care benefits under the postretirement plan subsequent to March 1, 1998, were provided an increase to their accumulated benefits under the cash balance pension plan. The Partnership s postretirement health care and life insurance benefit plans are unfunded. Effective January 1, 2006, the Partnership changed its postretirement health care plan from a self-insured program to one that is fully insured under which the Partnership pays a portion of the insurance premium on behalf of the eligible participants. 
 The Partnership recognizes the funded status of pension and other postretirement benefit plans as an asset or liability on the balance sheet and recognizes changes in the funded status in other comprehensive income (loss) in the year the changes occur. The Partnership uses the date of its consolidated financial statements as the measurement date of plan assets and obligations. 
 
 F-24 

Interest cost 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

Lump sum benefits paid 

Ordinary benefits paid 

Benefit obligation at end of year 

Reconciliation of fair value of plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual gain return on plan assets 

Employer contributions 

Lump sum benefits paid 

Ordinary benefits paid 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Funded status: 

Funded status at end of year 

Amounts recognized in consolidated balance sheets 
 consist of: 

Net amount recognized at end of year 

Less: current portion 

Noncurrent benefit liability 

Amounts not yet recognized in net periodic benefit cost 
 and included in accumulated other comprehensive 
 income (loss): 

Actuarial net (loss) gain 

Prior service credits 

Net amount recognized in accumulated other 
 comprehensive (loss) income 

Plan Assets. The Partnership s investment policies and strategies, as set forth in the Investment Management Policy and Guidelines, are monitored by a Benefits Committee comprised of members of management. The Partnership employs a liability driven investment strategy, which seeks to increase the correlation of the plan s assets and liabilities to reduce the volatility of the plan s funded status. This strategy has resulted in an asset allocation that is largely comprised of investments in funds of fixed income securities. The target asset mix is as follows: (i) fixed income securities portion of the portfolio should range between and and (ii) equity securities portion of the portfolio should range between and . 

Equity securities 

F-25 

Equity securities: (1) (2) 

Domestic 

International 

Fixed income securities (1) (3) 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

Projected Contributions and Benefit Payments. to the defined benefit pension plan during fiscal 2022. Estimated future benefit payments for both pension and retiree health and life benefits are as follows: 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 through 2031 

Estimated future pension benefit payments assumes that age 65 or older active and non-active eligible participants in the pension plan that had not received a benefit payment prior to fiscal 2022 will elect to receive a benefit payment in fiscal 2022. In addition, for all periods presented, estimated future pension benefit payments assumes that participants will elect a lump sum payment in the fiscal year that the participant becomes eligible to receive benefits. 
 Effect on Operations. 

Expected return on plan assets 

Amortization of prior service credit 

Settlement charge 

Recognized net actuarial loss (gain) 

Net periodic benefit costs 

During fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, lump sum pension settlement payments to either terminated or retired individuals amounted to , and , respectively. The settlement threshold (combined service and interest costs of net periodic pension cost) for these three years were , and , respectively. In fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, lump sum pension settlement payments exceeded the respective settlement thresholds, which required the Partnership to recognize non-cash settlement charges of and , respectively. The non-cash charges were required to accelerate recognition of a portion of cumulative unamortized losses in the defined benefit pension plan. 
 
 F-26 

Average rate of compensation increase 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

Health care cost trend 

n/a 

n/a 

Average rate of compensation increase 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

Weighted-average expected long-term 
 rate of return on plan assets 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

Health care cost trend 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

The discount rate assumption takes into consideration current market expectations related to long-term interest rates and the projected duration of the Partnership s pension obligations based on a benchmark index with similar characteristics as the expected cash flow requirements of the Partnership s defined benefit pension plan over the long-term. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption reflects estimated future performance in the Partnership s pension asset portfolio considering the investment mix of the pension asset portfolio and historical asset performance. The expected return on plan assets is determined based on the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the market-related value of plan assets. The market-related value of pension plan assets is the fair value of the assets. Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses in excess of of the greater of the projected benefit obligation and the market-related value of plan assets are amortized over the expected average remaining service period of active employees expected to receive benefits under the plan. 
 The increase in health care costs assumed at September 25, 2021 is assumed to decrease gradually to in fiscal 2040 and to remain at that level thereafter. An increase or decrease of the assumed health care cost trend rates by in each year would have no material impact to the Partnership s benefit obligation as of September 25, 2021 nor the aggregate of service and interest components of net periodic postretirement benefit expense for fiscal 2021. The Partnership has concluded that the prescription drug benefits within the retiree medical plan do not entitle the Partnership to an available Medicare subsidy. 
 Multi-Employer Pension Plans. As a result of the acquisition of the retail propane assets of Inergy, the Partnership contributes to multi-employer pension plans MEPPs in accordance with various collective bargaining agreements covering union employees. As one of the many participating employers in these MEPPs, the Partnership is responsible with the other participating employers for any plan underfunding. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, the Partnership accrued approximately for its voluntary full withdrawal from MEPP. As of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, the Partnership s estimated obligation for MEPP established withdrawals was and , respectively. Due to the uncertainty regarding future factors that could impact the withdrawal liability, the Partnership is unable to determine the timing of the payment of the future withdrawal liability, or additional future withdrawal liability, if any. 
 The Partnership s contributions to a particular MEPP are established by the applicable collective bargaining agreements CBAs however, the required contributions may increase based on the funded status of a MEPP and legal requirements of the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the PPA ), which requires substantially underfunded MEPPs to implement a funding improvement plan FIP or a rehabilitation plan RP to improve their funded status. Factors that could impact funded status of a MEPP include, without limitation, investment performance, changes in the participant demographics, decline in the number of contributing employers, changes in actuarial assumptions and the utilization of extended amortization provisions. 
 
 F-27 

n/a 

No 

August 2024 

n/a 

No 

February 2024 

2 

Additionally, the Partnership contributes to certain multi-employer plans that provide health and welfare benefits and defined annuity plans. Contributions to those plans were , and for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

Other current assets 

Other assets 

Other assets 

Liability Derivatives 

Location 

Fair Value 

Location 

Fair Value 

Derivatives not designated as hedging 
 instruments: 

Commodity-related derivatives 

Other current liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Beginning balance realized during the period 

Contracts purchased during the period 

Change in the fair value of outstanding contracts 

Ending balance of over-the-counter options 

F-28 

As of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, the Partnership s outstanding commodity-related derivatives had a weighted average maturity of approximately four and , respectively. 

Fiscal 2020 

Cost of products sold 

Fiscal 2019 

Cost of products sold 

Liability Derivatives 

Commodity-related derivatives 

As of September 26, 2020 

Net amounts 

presented in the 

Gross amounts 

Effects of netting 

balance sheet 

Asset Derivatives 

Commodity-related derivatives 

Liability Derivatives 

Commodity-related derivatives 

The Partnership had 0- and posted cash collateral as of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, respectively, with its brokers for outstanding commodity-related derivatives. 
 Concentrations. The Partnership s principal customers are residential and commercial end users of propane and fuel oil and refined fuels served by approximately locations in states. No single customer accounted for more than 10 of revenues during fiscal 2021, 2020 or 2019 and no concentration of receivables exists as of September 25, 2021 or September 26, 2020. 
 During fiscal 2021, Crestwood Equity Partners L.P. and Targa Liquids Marketing, provided approximately and of the Partnership s total propane purchases, respectively. No other single supplier accounted for more than of the Partnership s propane purchases in fiscal 2021. The Partnership believes that, if supplies from any of these suppliers were interrupted, it would be able to secure adequate propane supplies from other sources without a material disruption of its operations. 
 Credit Risk. Exchange-traded futures and options contracts are traded on and guaranteed by the NYMEX and as a result, have minimal credit risk. Futures contracts traded with brokers of the NYMEX require daily cash settlements in margin accounts. The Partnership is subject to credit risk with over-the-counter swaps and options contracts entered into with various third parties to the 
 
 F-29 
 
 and , respectively, as of September 25, 2021. 
 and , respectively, representing the total estimated losses for known and anticipated or unasserted general and product, workers compensation and automobile claims. For the portion of the estimated liability that exceeds insurance deductibles, the Partnership records an asset within other assets (or prepaid expenses and other current assets, as applicable) related to the amount of the liability expected to be covered by insurance which amounted to and as of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, respectively. 
 Legal Matters. The Partnership s operations are subject to operating hazards and risks normally incidental to handling, storing and delivering combustible liquids such as propane. The Partnership has been, and will continue to be, a defendant in various legal proceedings and litigation as a result of these operating hazards and risks, and as a result of other aspects of its business. In this regard, the Partnership s natural gas and electricity business is currently a defendant in a putative class action suit in the Northern District of New York. The complaint alleges a number of claims under various consumer statutes and common law in New York and Pennsylvania regarding pricing offered to electricity customers in those states. The complaint was dismissed in part by the district court, but causes of action based on the New York consumer statute and breach of contract were allowed to proceed. Based on the nature of the allegations in the suit, the Partnership believes that the suit is without merit and is defending against it vigorously. With respect to this pending suit, the Partnership has determined, based on the allegations and discovery to date, that reserve for a loss contingency is required. The Partnership is unable to reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss, if any, arising from the action. Although any litigation is inherently uncertain, based on past experience, the information currently available to the Partnership, and the amount of its accrued insurance liabilities, the Partnership does not believe that currently pending or threatened litigation matters, or known claims or known contingent claims, will have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial condition or cash flow. 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2020, the Partnership recorded a charge of for the settlement of certain product liability and other legal matters. The settled claims were paid in the second quarter of fiscal 2020. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the variants thereof, continues to evolve. Although the Partnership believes the financial information included herein properly reflects all facts known at this time, the Partnership is unable to estimate the full financial impact of this pandemic at this time. The Partnership s supply chain, including its suppliers and business partners, has not been materially impacted and the Partnership has been able to acquire sufficient supplies of the products it sells. Additionally, the Partnership continues to obtain the necessary liquidity to sustain its operations through collections of accounts receivable as well as access to its Revolving Credit Facility available under the Credit Agreement. The Partnership will continue to actively monitor and manage the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and, to the extent available, ensure new information is reflected within future financial information. 
 . Upon completion of the lease period, the Partnership guarantees that the fair value of the equipment will equal or exceed the guaranteed amount, or the Partnership will pay the lessor the difference. Although the fair value of equipment at the end of its lease term has historically exceeded the guaranteed amounts, the maximum potential amount of aggregate future payments the Partnership could be required to make under these leasing arrangements, assuming the equipment is deemed worthless at the end of the lease term, was as of September 25, 2021. The fair value of residual value guarantees for outstanding operating leases was de minimis as of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020. 
 
 F-30 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: 

Net change in funded status of benefit plan 

Reclassifications to earnings: 

Recognition of net actuarial loss for pension 
 settlement (1) 

Amortization of net loss (1) 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Balance, end of period 

Postretirement Benefits 

Balance, beginning of period 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: 

Net change in plan obligation 

Reclassifications to earnings: 

Amortization of prior service credits (1) 

Amortization of net gain (1) 

Other comprehensive (loss) income 

Balance, end of period 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Balance, beginning of period 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 

Recognition of net actuarial loss for pension settlement 

Reclassifications to earnings 

Other comprehensive (loss) income 

Balance, end of period 

1 

operating segments, of which are reportable segments: Propane, Fuel Oil and Refined Fuels and Natural Gas and Electricity. The chief operating decision maker evaluates performance of the operating segments using a number of performance measures, including gross margins and income before interest expense and provision for income taxes (operating profit). Costs excluded from these profit measures are captured in Corporate and include corporate overhead expenses not allocated to the operating segments. Unallocated corporate overhead expenses include all costs of back office support functions that are reported as general and administrative expenses within the consolidated statements of operations. In addition, certain costs associated with field operations support that are reported in operating expenses within the consolidated statements of operations, including purchasing, training and safety, are not allocated to the individual operating segments. Thus, operating profit for each operating segment includes only the costs that are directly attributable to the operations of the individual segment. The accounting policies of the operating segments are otherwise the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in Note 2. 

F-31 

Fuel oil and refined fuels 

Natural gas and electricity 

All other 

Total revenues 

Operating income (loss): 

Propane 

Fuel oil and refined fuels 

Natural gas and electricity 

All other 

Corporate 

Total operating income 

Reconciliation to net income: 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Interest expense, net 

Other, net 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

Net income 

Depreciation and amortization: 

Propane 

Fuel oil and refined fuels 

Natural gas and electricity 

All other 

Corporate 

Total depreciation and amortization 

F-32 

Fuel oil and refined fuels 

Natural gas and electricity 

All other 

Corporate 

Total assets 

F-33 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Page 

Schedule II 

Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Years Ended September 25, 2021, September 26, 2020 and September 28, 2019 

S-2 

S-1 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

Year Ended September 26, 2020 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

Year Ended September 25, 2021 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

(a) 

S-2 

<EX-10.19>
 2
 sph-ex1019_771.htm
 EX-10.19

sph-ex1019_771.htm

Exhibit 10.19 
 
 SEVENTH AMENDMENT 
 TO 
 PENSION PLAN FOR ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES OF 
 SUBURBAN PROPANE L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (as Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2013) 

In accordance with the authorization of Article XI of the Pension Plan for Eligible Employees of Suburban Propane L.P. and Subsidiaries, and pursuant to the Compliance Statement issued by the Internal Revenue Service on February 2, 2021, in response to an application filed under the Voluntary Correction Program of Revenue Procedure 2019-9, said Plan is amended, as set forth herein, effective as of January 1, 2016: 

1. 
 
 Section 1.21 of the Plan is amended in its entirety to read as follows: 

 1.21 Equivalent Actuarial Value or Actuarial Equivalent means: 
 (a) Unless otherwise specified, the equivalent value determined on the basis of the IRS Interest Rate and the IRS Mortality Table; 
 (b) For purposes of determining the amount payable as an annuity under Section 6.02(a)(ii) or (iii), the equivalent value based on an interest rate of 6.5 per annum and the 1994 GAR Mortality Table; 
 (c) For purposes of converting a Member s Basic Account or Supplemental Account to a single life annuity, the equivalent value determined on the basis of the assumptions referenced in paragraph (a) above as in effect on the date for which such determination is made; and 
 (d) For purposes of determining any benefit adjustments required under Plan Sections 4.02(b), 4.06(a), and 6.05(a): 
 
 (1) Except as provided under subparagraph (d)(2), the equivalent value determined on the basis of the assumptions referenced in paragraph (a) above in effect as of the Member s Normal Retirement Date, unless otherwise specified; and 
 (2) Mortality shall be taken into account with respect to any deferred payment period only to the extent that the survivor benefit payable in the event of the Member s death during such period prior to the Annuity Starting Date is based on less than the full value of the benefit that would have been payable to the Member. 
 Except to the extent permitted by law, no amendment which alters the actuarial factors used to determine an Actuarial Equivalent amount payable in an optional form of payment, as 

provided in Article VI, reduce the amount payable in such form with respect to the Accrued Benefit determined based upon the factors in effect immediately prior to the amendment. 

2. 
 
 Section 4.02 of the Plan is amended in its entirety to read as follows: 

 4.02 Late Retirement 
 (a) If a Member postpones retirement as provided in Section 4.01(a), such Member shall be retired from service with a late Retirement Benefit on the first day of the calendar month after the Committee receives the Member s written application to retire, payable in the forms set forth in Article VI. A Member who has served a minimum of two years in a high-level executive or policy making position and who is entitled to a nonforfeitable, immediate, Employer-provided annual Retirement Benefit from any source which is at least equal to a single life annuity of 44,000 per year may be retired at the election of the Employer at any time on or after his Normal Retirement Date. 
 (b) The Retirement Benefit payable at a Member s late retirement shall be a single life annuity for the Member with annual payments equal to the greatest of: 
 (1) the amount determined in accordance with Section 4.01 based on the Member's Benefit Service and Average Final Compensation as of his termination date, increased by an amount that is the Actuarial Equivalent of the monthly payments which would have been payable with respect to each month during the postponement period from the Member s Normal Retirement Date to the Member s late retirement date which is not a Suspendible Month, any such monthly payment amount determined as if the Member had retired as of the first day of the Plan Year during which the payment would have been made; 
 (2) the annual payment under a single life annuity for the Member that is the Actuarial Equivalent of the sum of the Member's Basic Account and Supplemental Account (if any) as of the Member s late retirement date; and 
 (3) the amount that would have been the Member s annual Retirement Benefit had payment commenced as a single life annuity on the Member s Normal Retirement Date, as determined in accordance with paragraph (c) below, increased by an amount that is the Actuarial Equivalent of the payments which would have been payable under paragraph (c) during the postponement period from the Member s Normal Retirement Date to the Member s late retirement date. 
 (c) The amount that would have been the Member s Retirement Benefit had payment commenced on the Member s Normal Retirement Date is the sum of: 
 (1) The greater of: (i) the annual payment under a single life annuity for the Member commencing on the Member's Normal Retirement Date equal to the amount determined in accordance with Section 4.01, based on the Member's Benefit Service and Average Final Compensation determined as of the Member's Normal Retirement Date, and (ii) the annual payment under a single life annuity for the Member commencing on the Member's 

Normal Retirement Date that is the Actuarial Equivalent of the Member's Basic Account as of the Member's Normal Retirement Date; plus 
 (2) The annual payment under a single life annuity for the Member commencing on the Member's Normal Retirement Date that is the Actuarial Equivalent of the Member's Supplemental Account, if any, as of the Member's Normal Retirement Date. 
 (d) In the event a Member's Retirement Benefit is required to commence under Section 6.05(b) while the Member is in active service, such required beginning date shall not be the Member's Annuity Starting Date for purposes of Article VI. As of each succeeding January 1 prior to the Member's actual late retirement date and as of his actual late retirement date, the Member's Retirement Benefit shall be recomputed as if each such date were his actual late retirement date, but shall be offset by the Equivalent Actuarial Value of the Retirement Benefit payments made to him during the preceding year. However, in no event will the Accrued Benefit used to determine the Retirement Benefit payable during a particular year to a Member be less than the Accrued Benefit used to determine the Retirement Benefit payable to him in the preceding year. 

3. 
 
 Section 4.06(a)(2) of the Plan is amended in its entirety to read as follows: 

(2) If the Member's Beneficiary is his spouse, such spouse shall be entitled to a single life annuity, payable monthly, calculated over the spouse's life expectancy as of the Annuity Starting Date, and based on the sum of (i) plus the greater of (ii) or (iii), as follows: (i) equals the Equivalent Actuarial Value of the Member's Supplemental Account, if any, (ii) equals the value of the Accrued Benefit to which such Member would have been entitled had he commenced to receive the 50 joint and survivorship annuity pursuant to Section 6.01(b) as of the first date that he could have commenced receipt of benefits or, if later, the Member s date of death, and (iii) equals the Equivalent Actuarial Value of the sum of the Member's Basic Account and Supplemental Account, if any. In the case of a Member who dies prior to attaining age 70-1/2, such annuity may commence as of any date elected by the spouse after the date of death and prior to the date the Member would have attained age 70-1/2. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the spouse delays payment commencement beyond the date that would have been the Member s Normal Retirement Date, the survivor benefit shall not be less than the survivor benefit otherwise payable as of the Member s Normal Retirement Date, increased by the Equivalent Actuarial Value of the missed survivor payments during the postponement period from the Member s Normal Retirement Date to the spouse s payment date. Alternatively, the spouse, in lieu of any other benefits under the Plan to which the spouse otherwise would be entitled, may request a distribution of the Equivalent Actuarial Value of such annuity in a single sum amount as of the Annuity Starting Date elected. Such Annuity Starting Date may be any date elected by the spouse as Beneficiary after the Member's death occurs, but in no event later than the date the Member would have attained age 70-1/2. 

4. 
 
 Last sentence in Section 5.06 of the Plan is amended in its entirety to read as follows: 

 Increases to a Member s Accrued Benefit required under Code Section 411(b) due to commencement after Normal Retirement Age shall be reflected in the Account as additional interest credits, subject to any additional adjustment required pursuant to Section 4.02(b). 

5. 
 
 Section 6.05(a) of the Plan is amended in its entirety to read as follows: 

 (a) Unless a Member elects otherwise provided in Article IV or this Article VI, payment of a Member's Retirement Benefit shall begin as soon as administratively practicable following the latest of (1) the Member's 65th birthday, (2) the tenth anniversary of the date on which he became a Member, or (3) the date he terminates service with the Employer, but not more than 60 days after the close of the Plan Year in which the latest of these events occurs. A Member shall be deemed to have elected to defer payment beyond the date prescribed in the preceding sentence, if (a) the Member has been notified in writing on or after he terminates service with the Employer and all Affiliated Employers of his right to commence payment as of his Normal Retirement Date (or late retirement pursuant to Section 4.02, if applicable), and (b) such Member fails to notify the Committee of his intent to commence payment as of such date in accordance with administrative procedures established by the Committee. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, payment of a Member s retirement benefit pursuant to this Article VI (including any Member who attained his or her Normal Retirement Date prior to January 1, 2016), shall commence on the Member's elected retirement date or, if earlier, his Required Beginning Date defined in Section 6.06(e)(4). Such benefit shall equal the amount determined in accordance with paragraphs (b) and (c) of Section 4.02, except that in applying the terms of the foregoing Plan provisions, the Member s Annuity Starting Date (or Required Beginning Date, if earlier) shall be substituted for the Member s late retirement date. 
 
 [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE DELIBERATELY HAS BEEN LEFT BLANK.] 

Intending to be legally bound by the provisions of this Seventh Amendment to the Plan, as set forth herein, the duly authorized Members of the Benefits Administration Committee have signed it this 3 rd day of May, 2021. 

/s/ DANIEL S. BLOOMSTEIN 
 Daniel S. Bloomstein 

/s/ STEVEN C. BOYD 
 Steven C. Boyd 

/s/ A. DAVIN D AMBROSIO 
 A. Davin D Ambrosio 

/s/ MICHAEL A. KUGLIN 
 Michael A. Kuglin 

/s/ FRAN CLEFFI 
 Fran Cleffi 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 sph-ex211_11.htm
 EX-21.1

sph-ex211_11.htm

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS, L.P. 
 (as of November 24, 2021) 
 
 SUBURBAN LP HOLDING, INC. (Delaware) 
 SUBURBAN LP HOLDING, LLC (Delaware) 
 SUBURBAN PROPANE, L. P. (Delaware) 
 SUBURBAN SALES SERVICE, INC. (Delaware) 
 GAS CONNECTION, LLC (Oregon) 
 SUBURBAN FRANCHISING, LLC (Nevada) 
 SUBURBAN ENERGY FINANCE CORP. (Delaware) 
 SUBURBAN HEATING OIL PARTNERS, LLC (Delaware) (d/b/a Suburban Propane) 
 AGWAY ENERGY SERVICES, LLC (Delaware) 
 SUBURBAN PROPERTY HOLDINGS, LLC (Delaware) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 sph-ex231_8.htm
 EX-23.1

sph-ex231_8.htm

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-4 (No. 333-228760) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-256285, 333-224975, 333-204559 and 333-160768) of Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. of our report dated November 24, 2021 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

Florham Park, New Jersey 

November 24, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 sph-ex311_9.htm
 EX-31.1

sph-ex311_9.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Michael A. Stivala, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Suburban Propane Partners, L.P.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Supervisors: 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 24, 2021 

By: 
 
 /s/ MICHAELA. STIVALA 

Michael A. Stivala 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 sph-ex312_6.htm
 EX-31.2

sph-ex312_6.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Michael A. Kuglin, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Suburban Propane Partners, L.P.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5 . 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Supervisors: 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 24, 2021 

By: 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL A. KUGLIN 

Michael A. Kuglin 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 sph-ex321_7.htm
 EX-32.1

sph-ex321_7.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-K for the period ended September 25, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael A. Stivala, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

By: 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL A. STIVALA 

Michael A. Stivala 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

November 24, 2021 

This certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 sph-ex322_10.htm
 EX-32.2

sph-ex322_10.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-K for the period ended September 25, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael A. Kuglin, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

By: 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL A. KUGLIN 

Michael A. Kuglin 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

November 24, 2021 

This certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.2>
 9
 sph-ex992_12.htm
 EX-99.2

sph-ex992_12.htm

Exhibit 99.2 
 FIVE-YEAR PERFORMANCE GRAPH 1 
 The following graph compares the performance of our Common Units with the performance of the NYSE Composite Index and the Alerian MLP Index for the period of the five fiscal years commencing September 24, 2016. The graph assumes that at the beginning of the period, 100 was invested in each of (1) our Common Units, (2) the NYSE Composite Index and (3) the Alerian MLP Index, and that all distributions or dividends were reinvested. 
 We do not believe that any published industry or line-of-business index accurately reflects our business. 

1 The performance graph shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this Annual Report on Form 10-K into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that Suburban specifically incorporates this information by reference in such filing, and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under such Acts. 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 sph-20210925.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 sph-20210925_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 sph-20210925_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 sph-20210925_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 sph-20210925_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

