<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211025_10-K_edgar_data_866787_0001558370-21-013446.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11191794</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>244081</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1528489</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4044866</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1977785</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3093558</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-21-013446.hdr.sgml : 20211025
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211025162555
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-21-013446
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210828
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211025
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AUTOZONE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000866787
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO & HOME SUPPLY STORES [5531]
		IRS NUMBER:				621482048
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0828

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10714
		FILM NUMBER:		211344444

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		123 SOUTH FRONT ST
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9014956500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 2198
		STREET 2:		DEPT 8074
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38101-2198

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-21-013446.txt : 20211025

10-K
 1
 azo-20210828x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) Annual Report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended . OR Transition report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from ______ to ______. Commission file number . (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) incorporation or organization) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code : Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on which Registered 0.01 par value) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periods that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was . The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of October 18, 2021, was . Documents Incorporated By Reference Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days of August 28, 2021, pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held December 15, 2021, are incorporated by reference into Part III. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 4 Item 1. Business 4 Introduction 4 Human Capital Resources 4 Store Operations 6 Commercial 7 Store Development 8 Marketing and Merchandising Strategy 8 Purchasing and Supply Chain 10 Competition 10 Government Relations 10 Trademarks and Patents 11 Seasonality 11 AutoZone Websites 11 Information about our Executive Officers 11 Item 1A. Risk Factors 14 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 23 Item 2. Properties 23 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 24 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 24 PART II 24 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 24 Item 6. Reserved 25 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 41 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 43 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 77 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 77 Item 9B. Other Information 77 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 77 PART III 78 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 78 Item 11. Executive Compensation 78 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 78 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 78 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 78 PART IV 79 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 79 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 84 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements contained in this annual report constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements typically use words such as believe, anticipate, should, intend, plan, will, expect, estimate, project, positioned, strategy, seek, may, could and similar expressions. These are based on assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors that we believe to be appropriate. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including without limitation: product demand; energy prices; weather; competition; credit market conditions; cash flows; access to available and feasible financing; future stock repurchases; the impact of recessionary conditions; consumer debt levels; changes in laws or regulations; risks associated with self-insurance; war and the prospect of war, including terrorist activity; the impact of public health issues, such as the ongoing global coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic; inflation; the ability to hire, train and retain qualified employees; construction delays; the compromising of confidentiality, availability or integrity of information, including due to cyber-attacks; historic growth rate sustainability; downgrade of our credit ratings; damage to our reputation; challenges in international markets; failure or interruption of our information technology systems; origin and raw material costs of suppliers; inventory availability; disruption in our supply chain; impact of tariffs; anticipated impact of new accounting standards; and business interruptions. Certain of these risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in the Risk Factors section contained in Item 1A under Part 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 28, 2021, and these Risk Factors should be read carefully. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results, developments and business decisions may differ from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements, and events described above and in the Risk Factors could materially and adversely affect our business. However, it should be understood that it is not possible to identify or predict all such risks and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. Except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business Introduction AutoZone, Inc. AutoZone, the Company, we, our or us is the leading retailer, and a leading distributor, of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the Americas. We began operations in 1979 and at August 28, 2021, operated 6,051 stores in the United States U.S. ), 664 stores in Mexico and 52 stores in Brazil. Each store carries an extensive product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products. At August 28, 2021, in 5,179 of our domestic stores, we also had a commercial sales program that provides commercial credit and prompt delivery of parts and other products to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations and public sector accounts. We also have commercial programs in all stores in Mexico and Brazil. We also sell the ALLDATA brand automotive diagnostic, repair and shop management software through www.alldata.com. Additionally, we sell automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products through www.autozone.com, and our commercial customers can make purchases through www.autozonepro.com. We also provide product information on our Duralast branded products through www.duralastparts.com. We do not derive revenue from automotive repair or installation services. Human Capital Resources We believe the foundation of our success is our culture, which defines how our employees AutoZoners take care of customers. Each AutoZoner works hard to Live the Pledge, share their passion for WOW! Customer Service and Go the Extra Mile every day to continue building and growing AutoZone for our customers. As of August 28, 2021, we employed approximately 100,000 AutoZoners, approximately 62 percent of whom were employed full-time and the remaining 38 percent were employed part-time. About 90 percent of our AutoZoners were employed in stores or in direct field supervision, approximately 6 percent in distribution centers and approximately 4 percent in store support and other functions. Included in the above numbers are approximately 12,000 persons employed in our international operations. We have never experienced any material labor disruption, do not have any collective bargaining agreements and believe that relations with our AutoZoners are good. Training Development We have a number of different types of jobs and career opportunities. While many of our AutoZoners follow more traditional career paths (e.g., part-time to full-time sales, store manager, district manager, regional manager, vice president), we encourage cross-functional development and support of AutoZoners as they expand their career into other departments and fields of interest. Many members of our senior leadership team have held positions in two or more areas of the business. Recognition The AutoZone Pledge and Values drive our success and foster a strong, unique culture of teamwork and customer service. We encourage the recognition of AutoZoners for a variety of accomplishments, such as going above and beyond to deliver Trustworthy Advice and WOW! Customer Service, taking initiative to prevent incidents and injuries, making contributions to help detect or report internal or external theft or providing significant service to help others. Whether they work in our stores, distribution centers, support centers or travel to support our customers and business, we believe AutoZoners everywhere should be recognized for their efforts and outstanding performance. We also recognize AutoZoners for their years of service to the organization and our customers. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion DEI Embraces Diversity is one of our Values, and we have made great strides to lay a proper foundation for our DEI initiatives. With the oversight and support of a cross-functional Diversity Council and DEI Steering Committee, our DEI efforts influence and inform many parts of our human capital management function including talent acquisition, retention, professional development and workforce management. Our first business resource group BRG was established in 2014 (AutoZone Women s Initiative). Since then, four other BRGs now support AutoZoners who share common interests or backgrounds and have a mission to contribute their voices, time and talent to helping AutoZoners succeed and grow in their careers. Health and Safety We are committed to providing a safe working and shopping environment for our AutoZoners and customers. Aligned with our values, we strive to continually monitor our working and shopping environment to keep our AutoZoners and customers as safe as possible. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to invest in supplies for the protection of our AutoZoners and our customers and increased the frequency of cleaning and disinfecting our stores. We also provided Emergency Time-Off benefit enhancements for both full-time and part-time AutoZoners and a one-time financial incentive for receiving the COVID-19 vaccine. As the effects of COVID-19 continue to evolve, we are closely monitoring the changing situation and complying with public health guidance. Additional information about our human capital resources can be found in our most recent Corporate Social Responsibility CSR Report, which is available on our website. Our CSR Report is not, and will not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission the SEC ). 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Store Operations At August 28, 2021, our stores were in the following locations: 

Store Count Alabama 120 Alaska 8 Arizona 162 Arkansas 70 California 641 Colorado 95 Connecticut 53 Delaware 17 Florida 397 Georgia 209 Hawaii 11 Idaho 32 Illinois 243 Indiana 160 Iowa 36 Kansas 54 Kentucky 102 Louisiana 129 Maine 14 Maryland 88 Massachusetts 83 Michigan 214 Minnesota 60 Mississippi 98 Missouri 120 Montana 15 Nebraska 24 Nevada 66 New Hampshire 23 New Jersey 117 New Mexico 63 New York 211 North Carolina 228 North Dakota 7 Ohio 277 Oklahoma 85 Oregon 53 Pennsylvania 211 Puerto Rico 50 Rhode Island 17 Saint Thomas 1 South Carolina 101 South Dakota 9 Tennessee 174 Texas 652 Utah 70 Vermont 2 Virginia 146 Washington 97 Washington, DC 5 West Virginia 45 Wisconsin 77 Wyoming 9 Total Domestic stores 6,051 Mexico 664 Brazil 52 Total stores 6,767 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Store Formats Substantially all stores are based on standard store formats, resulting in generally consistent appearance, merchandising and product mix. Approximately 90 to 99 of each store s square footage is selling space. In our satellite stores, approximately 40 to 50 of our space is dedicated to hard parts inventory, while our hub stores and mega hubs have 70 to 85 of their space utilized for hard parts. The hard parts inventory area is generally fronted by counters or pods that run the depth or length of the store, dividing the hard parts area from the remainder of the store. The remaining selling space contains displays of maintenance, accessories and non-automotive items. We believe our stores are destination stores, generating their own traffic rather than relying on traffic created by adjacent stores. Therefore, we situate most stores on major thoroughfares with easy access and good parking. Store Personnel and Training We provide on-the-job training as well as formal training programs, including an annual national sales meeting with related cascading meetings at our distribution centers, regional offices and stores; store meetings on specific sales and product topics; standardized computer-based training to support culture, safety, salesmanship, compliance and product and job knowledge; and several specialist, vendor and third-party programs to support learning and development in areas requiring technical expertise and specific job knowledge. All domestic AutoZoners are encouraged to complete our in-house product knowledge program and Parts Expert certification, which is developed in partnership with our key suppliers. Training is supplemented with frequent store visits by management. Advanced leadership training is an additional area of investment that is used to deepen bench strength and support succession planning. Store managers, commercial sales managers and managers at various levels across the organization receive financial incentives through performance-based bonuses. In addition, our growth has provided opportunities for the promotion of qualified AutoZoners. We believe these opportunities are important to attract, motivate and retain high quality AutoZoners. All store support functions are centralized in our store support centers located in Memphis, Tennessee; Monterrey, Mexico; Chihuahua, Mexico and Sao Paulo, Brazil. We believe that this centralization enhances consistent execution of our merchandising and marketing strategies at the store level, while reducing expenses and cost of sales. Store Automation All of our stores have Z-net, our proprietary electronic catalog that enables our AutoZoners to efficiently look up the parts that our customers need and to provide complete job solutions, advice and information for customer vehicles. Z-net provides parts information based on the year, make, model and engine type of a vehicle and also tracks inventory availability at the store, at other nearby stores and through special order. The Z-net display screens are placed on the hard parts counter or pods, where both the AutoZoner and customer can view the screen. Our stores utilize our computerized proprietary Point-of-Sale System, which includes bar code scanning and point-of-sale data collection terminals. Our proprietary Store Management System provides administrative assistance, as well as enhanced merchandising information and improved inventory control. We believe the Point-of-Sale System also enhances customer service through faster processing of transactions, while the Store Management System provides simplified warranty and product return procedures. Commercial Our commercial sales program operates in a highly fragmented market, and we are a leading distributor of automotive parts and other products to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations and public sector accounts in the Americas. As a part of the domestic store program, we offer credit and delivery to our customers, as well as online ordering through www.autozonepro.com or through the AutoZone Pro smartphone application. Through our hub stores, we offer a greater range of parts and products desired by professional technicians. We have dedicated sales teams focused on independent repair shops as well as national, regional and public sector commercial accounts. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Store Development The following table reflects our location development during the past five fiscal years: 

Fiscal Year 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Locations: Beginning 6,549 6,411 6,202 6,029 5,814 Sold (1) 26 New 219 138 209 201 215 Closed 1 2 Net new 218 138 209 199 215 Relocated 12 5 2 7 5 Ending 6,767 6,549 6,411 6,202 6,029 (1) 26 Interamerican Motor Corporation IMC branches sold on April 4, 2018. We believe expansion opportunities exist in markets we do not currently serve, as well as in markets where we can achieve a larger presence. We undertake substantial research prior to entering new markets. The most important criteria for opening a new store are the projected future profitability and the ability to achieve our required investment hurdle rate. Key factors in selecting new site and market locations for stores include population, demographics, vehicle profile, customer buying trends, commercial businesses, number and strength of competitors stores and the cost of real estate. In reviewing the vehicle profile, we also consider the number of vehicles that are seven years old and older, or our kind of vehicles these vehicles are generally no longer under the original manufacturers warranties and require more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles. We seek to open new stores in high visibility sites in high traffic locations within or contiguous to existing market areas and attempt to cluster development in markets in a relatively short period of time. In addition to continuing to lease or develop our own locations, we evaluate and may make strategic acquisitions. Marketing and Merchandising Strategy We are dedicated to providing customers with superior service and trustworthy advice as well as quality automotive parts and products at a great value in conveniently located, well-designed stores. Key elements of this strategy are: Customer Service Customer service is the most important element in our marketing and merchandising strategy, which is based upon consumer marketing research. We emphasize that our AutoZoners should always put customers first by providing prompt, courteous service and trustworthy advice. Our electronic parts catalog assists in the selection of parts as well as identifying any associated warranties offered by us or our vendors. We sell automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive parts through www.autozone.com, for pick-up in store or to be shipped directly to a customer s home or business, with next day delivery covering approximately 82 of the U.S. population. Additionally, we offer a smartphone application that provides customers with store locations, driving directions, operating hours, product availability, the ability to purchase products and other information. We also provide specialty tools through our suite of free services. Through our Loan-A-Tool program customers can borrow a specialty tool, such as a steering wheel puller, for which a do-it-yourself DIY customer or a repair shop would have little or no use other than for a single job. AutoZoners also provide free diagnostic and related services, including check engine light readings through our AutoZone Fix Finder service, testing of starters, alternators and batteries, battery charging and the collection of used oil for recycling. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Merchandising The following tables show some of the types of products we sell by major category of items: 

Failure Maintenance Discretionary A/C Compressors Batteries Accessories Bearings Belts Hoses Calipers Chassis Clutches CV Axles Engines Fuel Pumps Fuses Ignition Lighting Mufflers Radiators Starters Alternators Thermostats Tire Repair Water Pumps Antifreeze Windshield Washer Fluid Brake Drums, Rotors, Shoes Pads Chemicals, including Brake Power Steering Fluid, Oil Fuel Additives Oil Transmission Fluid Oil, Cabin, Air, Fuel Transmission Filters Oxygen Sensors Paint Accessories Refrigerant Accessories Shock Absorbers Struts Spark Plugs Wires Windshield Wipers Air Fresheners Cell Phone Accessories Drinks Snacks Floor Mats Seat Covers Interior Exterior Accessories Mirrors Performance Products Protectants Cleaners Sealants Adhesives Steering Wheel Covers Stereos Radios Tools Towing Wash Wax We believe customer satisfaction is often impacted by our ability to promptly provide specific automotive products as requested. Each store carries the same basic products, but we tailor our hard parts inventory to the makes and models of the vehicles in each store s trade area, and our sales floor products are tailored to the local store s demographics. Our hub stores (including mega hubs, which carry an even broader assortment) carry a larger assortment of products that are delivered to local satellite stores. We are constantly updating the products we offer to ensure our inventory matches the products our customers need or desire. Pricing We want to be the value leader in our industry, by consistently providing quality merchandise at the right price, backed by a satisfactory warranty and outstanding customer service. For many of our products, we offer multiple value choices in a good/better/best assortment, with appropriate price and quality differences from the good products to the better and best products. A key differentiating component versus our competitors is our exclusive line of in-house brands, which includes Duralast and the family of Duralast brands, ProElite, ShopPro, SureBilt, TruGrade and Valucraft. We believe that our overall value compares favorably to that of our competitors. Brand Marketing: Marketing and Loyalty We believe that targeted advertising and promotions play important roles in succeeding in today s environment. We are constantly working to understand our customers wants and needs so we can build long-lasting, loyal relationships. We utilize advertising, direct marketing, loyalty programs and promotions primarily to highlight our great value, the availability of high quality parts and develop a relationship with an expanding base of customers. Broadcast and digital media are our primary advertising methods of driving retail traffic to our stores, while we leverage a dedicated sales force and our ProVantage loyalty program to drive commercial sales. Store Design, Visual Merchandising and Promotional Execution We design and build stores for high visual impact. The typical store utilizes colorful exterior and interior signage, exposed beams and ductwork and brightly lit interiors. Maintenance products, accessories and non-automotive items are attractively displayed for easy browsing by customers. In-store signage and special displays promote products on floor displays, end caps and shelves. We utilize in-store signage, creative product placement and promotions to help educate customers about products that they need. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Purchasing and Supply Chain Merchandise is selected and purchased for all stores through our store support centers located in Memphis, Tennessee; Monterrey, Mexico and Sao Paulo, Brazil. Additionally, we have an office in Shanghai, China to support our sourcing efforts in Asia. In fiscal 2021, one class of similar products accounted for approximately 13 percent of our total revenues, and one vendor supplied approximately 10 percent of our total purchases. No other class of similar products accounted for 10 percent or more of our total revenues, and no other individual vendor provided more than 10 percent of our total purchases. We believe alternative sources of supply exist, at similar costs, for most types of product sold. Most of our merchandise flows through our distribution centers to our stores by our fleet of tractors and trailers or by third-party trucking firms. The distribution centers replenish all stores up to multiple times per week depending on store sales volumes. We ended fiscal 2021 with 237 total domestic hub stores, which have a larger assortment of products as well as regular replenishment items that can be delivered to a store in its network within 24 hours. Hub stores are generally replenished from distribution centers multiple times per week. Hub stores have increased our ability to distribute products on a timely basis to many of our stores and to expand our product assortment. As a subset of our domestic hub stores, we ended fiscal 2021 with 58 domestic mega hubs, an increase of 14 since the end of fiscal 2020. Mega hubs work in concert with our hubs to drive customer satisfaction through improved local parts availability and expanded product assortments. A mega hub store carries inventory of 80,000 to 110,000 unique SKUs, approximately twice what a hub store carries. Mega hubs provide coverage to both surrounding stores and other hub stores multiple times a day or on an overnight basis. Currently, we have over 5,900 domestic stores with access to mega hub inventory. A majority of these 5,900 stores currently receive their service same day. Competition The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive due to numerous factors, including name recognition, product availability, customer service, store location and price. AutoZone competes in the aftermarket auto parts industry, which includes both the retail DIY and commercial do-it-for-me DIFM auto parts and products markets. Our competitors include national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, online automotive parts stores or marketplaces, wholesale distributors, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition to discount and mass merchandise stores, hardware stores, supermarkets, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores and other retailers that sell aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals, accessories, tools and maintenance parts. AutoZone competes on the basis of customer service, including the knowledge and expertise of our AutoZoners; merchandise quality, selection and availability; product warranty; store layouts, location and convenience; price; and the strength of our AutoZone brand name, trademarks and service marks. Government Relations We are subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations, many of which are complex, frequently revised and subject to varying interpretations. Some of the more significant regulations include, but are not limited to, regulations governing the disposal of hazardous materials, environmental regulations and occupational health and safety laws. For example, in connection with our used oil, oil filter and battery recycling programs, our customers may bring hazardous materials onto our property and our employees must abide by appropriate policies and procedures to ensure the safe handling of these materials before a third party takes possession for recycling or disposal. The terms of our contracts with third party vendors require that they are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Additionally, as an owner or operator of real property, we may be liable for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in such property. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 While compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including environmental regulations, has not had a material adverse effect on capital expenditures, earnings or our competitive position to date, we can make no assurances as to the future costs of compliance. For more information, see the Risk Factor titled Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected by the adoption of new laws, changes to existing laws, increased enforcement activity or other governmental actions. in Part I. Item 1A, Risk Factors in this report. Trademarks and Patents We have registered several service marks and trademarks in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as well as in certain other countries, including our service marks: ALLDATA Collision, ALLDATA Diagnostics, ALLDATA Shop Manager, ALLDATA Tech-Assist, AutoZone, AutoZone Rewards, Do-It-Yourself Doesn t Mean You Have To Do It Alone, Get in the Zone, Parts Are Just Part of What We Do, ProVantage, The Best Parts in Auto Parts, Zone and trademarks: ALLDATA Manage, ALLDATA Mobile, ALLDATA Repair, AutoZone, AutoZone Design, BatteryZone, Duralast, Duralast Aero Blade, Duralast Ceramic Blade, Duralast Elite, Duralast Flex Blade, Duralast Gold, Duralast Gold Cmax, Duralast GT, Duralast Platinum, Duralast ProPower, Duralast ProPower Plus, Duralast ProPower Ultra, Duralast ProPower AGM, Duralast Max, Econocraft, Loan-A-Tool, ProElite, ProElite Design, Shop Pro, SureBilt, Tougher Through Technology, TruGrade, Valucraft, V Design and Z-net. We believe that these service marks and trademarks are important components of our marketing and merchandising strategies. Seasonality Our business is somewhat seasonal in nature, with the highest sales typically occurring in the spring and summer months of February through September, and the lowest sales in the months of December and January. During short periods of time, a store s sales can be affected by weather conditions. Extremely hot or extremely cold weather may enhance sales by causing parts to fail; thereby increasing sales of seasonal products. Mild or rainy weather tends to soften sales, as parts failure rates are lower in mild weather and elective maintenance is deferred during periods of rainy weather. Over the longer term, we believe the effects of weather balance out, as we have stores throughout the Americas. AutoZone Websites Our primary website is at www.autozone.com. We make available, free of charge, at www.autozone.com, by clicking Investor Relations located at the bottom of the page, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, registration statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably feasible after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our website and the information contained therein or linked thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information about our Executive Officers The following list describes our executive officers, which are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The title of each executive officer includes the words Customer Satisfaction which reflects our commitment to customer service. William C. Rhodes, III, 56 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Customer Satisfaction William C. Rhodes, III, was named Chairman of AutoZone during fiscal 2007 and has been President, Chief Executive Officer and a director since March 2005. Prior to his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Rhodes served in various capacities within the Company since 1994. Prior to 1994, Mr. Rhodes was a manager with Ernst Young LLP. Mr. Rhodes is a member of the Board of Directors for Dollar General Corporation. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Jamere Jackson, 52 Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Finance and Store Development, Customer Satisfaction Jamere Jackson was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer-Elect on September 13, 2020 and Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Finance and Store Development effective January 1, 2021. Prior to joining AutoZone, from 2018 to 2020, Mr. Jackson served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc., a worldwide rental company. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Jackson served as Chief Financial Officer of Nielsen Holdings plc, an information, data and measurement company. Prior to 2014, Mr. Jackson held a variety of leadership roles at General Electric Company. Mr. Jackson serves on the Board of Directors for Eli Lilly Co. and Hibbett, Inc. Philip B. Daniele, 52 Executive Vice President Merchandising, Supply Chain and Marketing, Customer Satisfaction Philip B. Daniele was named Executive Vice President Merchandising, Supply Chain and Marketing in June 2021. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President Commercial from 2015 to 2021, Vice President Commercial Support from 2013 to 2015 and Vice President Merchandising from 2008 to 2013. He was also a Divisional Vice President Store Operations from 2005 to 2008. Prior to 2005, Mr. Daniele held several other key management positions with the Company. Mark A. Finestone, 60 Executive Vice President Strategy and Innovation, Customer Satisfaction Mark A. Finestone was named Executive Vice President Strategy and Innovation in June 2021. From 2015 to 2021, he was Executive Vice President Merchandising Supply Chain and Marketing. From 2008 to 2015, he was Senior Vice President Merchandising, and from 2002 to 2008, he was Vice President Merchandising. Prior to joining AutoZone in 2002, Mr. Finestone worked for May Department Stores for 19 years where he held a variety of leadership roles which included Divisional Vice President Merchandising. Preston B. Frazer, 45 Executive Vice President Store Operations, Commercial and Loss Prevention, Customer Satisfaction Preston B. Frazer was named Executive Vice President Store Operations, Commercial and Loss Prevention in June 2021. From 2019 to 2021, he was Senior Vice President Store Operations. Prior to that, he held the position of Divisional Vice President in addition to serving as Vice President Store Operations Support. He began his career with AutoZone in 2006 in Finance and has held several key functional roles of increasing responsibility. Prior to joining AutoZone, Mr. Frazer was a senior manager with the accounting firm of KPMG, LLP. Thomas B. Newbern, 59 Executive Vice President International, Information Technology and ALLDATA, Customer Satisfaction Thomas B. Newbern was named Executive Vice President International, Information Technology and ALLDATA in June 2021. From 2015 to 2021, he was Executive Vice President Store Operations, Commercial, Loss Prevention and ALLDATA. From 2013 to 2015, he was Senior Vice President Store Operations and Loss Prevention. From 2012 to 2013, he was Senior Vice President Store Operations and Store Development. From 2007 to 2012, he was Senior Vice President Store Operations, and from 1998 to 2007, he was Vice President Store Operations. Prior to 1998, Mr. Newbern held several other key management positions with the Company. K. Michelle Borninkhof, 47 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Customer Satisfaction K. Michelle Borninkhof was elected Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer during April 2021. Prior to that, she was Chief Information Officer and Vice President for U.S. Technology at McDonald s since 2018. Prior to joining McDonald s, Ms. Borninkhof spent 11 years with Walmart Stores holding various leadership roles including Vice President International Technology Delivery. Throughout her career, Ms. Borninkhof held various roles in store retail, distribution center operations and process improvement. Eric S. Gould, 52 Senior Vice President Supply Chain, Customer Satisfaction Eric S. Gould was named Senior Vice President, Supply Chain, in February 2021. From 2017 to 2021, he served as Vice President, Supply Chain Replenishment and from 2013 to 2017 he served as Vice President Commercial Sales. He was also Vice President Replenishment from 2003 to 2013. Prior to 2003, Mr. Gould held several other key management positions within the Company. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Domingo J. Hurtado, 60 Senior Vice President International, Customer Satisfaction Domingo J. Hurtado Rodr guez was named Senior Vice President International in September 2018. Prior to that, he was President AutoZone de M xico. Mr. Hurtado has served in various capacities within the Company since 2001, which included leading the Company s expansion into Mexico. Prior to 2001, he held different positions with RadioShack including Director General in Mexico and General Manager in Venezuela. Dennis W. LeRiche, 53 Senior Vice President Store Operations, Customer Satisfaction Dennis W. LeRiche was named Senior Vice President Store Operations in June 2021. From 2015 to 2021, he was a Divisional Vice President Store Operations. Prior to 2015, Mr. LeRiche held several other key management positions with the Company. Grant E. McGee, 59 Senior Vice President Commercial, Customer Satisfaction Grant E. McGee was named Senior Vice President Commercial in June 2021. From 2007 to 2021, he was a Divisional Vice President Store Operations. From 2004 to 2007, he was Vice President Commercial. Prior to 2004, Mr. McGee held several other key positions with the Company. Seong K. Ohm, 57 Senior Vice President Merchandising, Customer Satisfaction Seong K. Ohm was named Senior Vice President Merchandising on October 26, 2020. Previously, Ms. Ohm served as the Group Commercial Development Officer for the Dairy Farm Group. Ms. Ohm also was the Chief Commercial Officer for Home Plus, the second largest retailer in Korea. Prior to these roles, she was Senior Vice President General Merchandise Manager for both Walmart and Sam s Club and Vice President/Divisional Merchandise Manager Technology for Walmart Stores, Inc. Ms. Ohm began her career with General Electric. Charlie Pleas, III, 56 Senior Vice President and Controller, Customer Satisfaction Charlie Pleas, III, was elected Senior Vice President and Controller during 2007. Prior to that, he was Vice President and Controller since 2003. Previously, he was Vice President Accounting since 2000, and Director of General Accounting since 1996. Prior to joining AutoZone, Mr. Pleas was a Division Controller with Fleming Companies, Inc. where he served in various capacities during his tenure from 1988 to 1996. Prior to 1988, he worked with Ernst Young. Mr. Pleas is a member of the Board of Directors for Kirkland s Inc. Albert Saltiel, 57 Senior Vice President Marketing and E-Commerce, Customer Satisfaction Albert Saltiel was named Senior Vice President Marketing and E-Commerce during October 2014. Previously, he was Senior Vice President Marketing since 2013. Prior to that, he was Chief Marketing Officer and a key member of the leadership team at Navistar International Corporation. Mr. Saltiel has also been with Sony Electronics as General Manager, Marketing, and Ford Motor Company where he held multiple marketing roles. Richard C. Smith, 57 Senior Vice President Human Resources, Customer Satisfaction Richard C. Smith was elected Senior Vice President Human Resources in December 2015. He has been an AutoZoner since 1985, previously holding the position of Vice President of Stores since 1997. Prior thereto, he served in various capacities within the Company. Kristen C. Wright, 45 Senior Vice President General Counsel Secretary, Customer Satisfaction Kristen C. Wright was named Senior Vice President General Counsel Secretary effective January 2014. She previously held the title of Vice President Assistant General Counsel Assistant Secretary since January 2012. Before joining AutoZone, she was a partner with the law firm of Bass, Berry Sims PLC. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. The risks and uncertainties described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows and stock price. The following information should be read in conjunction with the other information contained in this report and other filings that we make with the SEC. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. Our business could also be affected by additional factors that are presently unknown to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial to our business. Strategic and Operational Risks The COVID-19 pandemic persists in the U.S. and many other parts of the world and may have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flow. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact numerous aspects of our business, and the long-term impact to our business remains unknown. This is due to the numerous uncertainties that have risen from the pandemic, including the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, the likelihood of resurgences of the outbreak, including due to the emergence and spread of variants, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities in response to the disease, the timing, distribution, efficacy and public acceptance of vaccines, and unintended consequences of the foregoing. In particular, it is unclear what near-term and long-term impact these factors will have on the number of vehicle miles driven, traffic to our stores, as well as demand for our products from our retail and commercial customers. While we have added safety measures to protect our employees and customers, continued business disruption caused by COVID-19 may require further significant actions to mitigate the impact, including but not limited to employee furloughs, reductions in store hours and store closings as well as ongoing increases in expenses. Conversely, if the unprecedented levels of customer demand we have experienced during the pandemic revert or subside, we may be unable to reduce expenses or otherwise react quickly and effectively to such changes. Further, the continuing pandemic and related economic uncertainty may result in prolonged disruption and volatility to our business, cause additional negative impacts of which we are not currently aware and also magnify other risks associated with our business and operations, including risks associated with sourcing quality merchandise domestically and outside the U.S.; our ability to promptly adjust inventory levels to meet fluctuations in customer demand; our ability to comply with complex and evolving laws and regulations related to customers and AutoZoners health and safety; our ability to open new store locations and expand or remodel existing stores; and our ability to hire and train qualified employees to address temporary or sustained labor shortages. Accordingly, the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products, workforce availability and our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows. If demand for our products slows, then our business may be materially adversely affected. Demand for the products we sell may be affected by a number of factors we cannot control, including: the number of older vehicles in service. Vehicles seven years old or older are generally no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers warranties and tend to need more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles. 

rising energy prices. Increases in energy prices may cause our customers to defer purchases of certain of our products as they use a higher percentage of their income to pay for gasoline and other energy costs and may drive their vehicles less, resulting in less wear and tear and lower demand for repairs and maintenance. 

the economy. In periods of declining economic conditions, consumers may reduce their discretionary spending by deferring vehicle maintenance or repair. Additionally, such conditions may affect our customers ability to obtain credit. During periods of expansionary economic conditions, more of our DIY customers may pay others to repair and maintain their vehicles instead of working on their own vehicles, or they may purchase new vehicles. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

the weather. Milder weather conditions may lower the failure rates of automotive parts, while extended periods of rain and winter precipitation may cause our customers to defer maintenance and repair on their vehicles. Extremely hot or cold conditions may enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers automotive parts. Additionally, global warming trends and other significant climate changes can create more variability in the short term or lead to other weather conditions that could impact our business. technological advances. Advances in automotive technology, such as electric vehicles, and parts design can result in cars needing maintenance less frequently and parts lasting longer. 

the number of miles vehicles are driven annually. Higher vehicle mileage increases the need for maintenance and repair. Mileage levels may be affected by gas prices, ride sharing and other factors. 

the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the length of the warranties or maintenance offered on new vehicles. 

restrictions on access to telematics and diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation. These restrictions may cause vehicle owners to rely on dealers to perform maintenance and repairs. These factors could result in a decline in the demand for our products, which could adversely affect our business and overall financial condition. If we are unable to compete successfully against other businesses that sell the products that we sell, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline. The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive, and sales volumes are dependent on many factors, including name recognition, product availability, customer service, store location and price. Competitors are opening locations near our existing locations. AutoZone competes as a provider in both the DIY and DIFM auto parts and accessories markets. Our competitors include national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, online automotive parts stores or marketplaces, wholesale distributors, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition to discount and mass merchandise stores, hardware stores, supermarkets, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, and other retailers that sell aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals, accessories, tools and maintenance parts. Although we believe we compete effectively on the basis of customer service, including the knowledge and expertise of our AutoZoners; merchandise quality, selection and availability; product warranty; store layout, location and convenience; price; and the strength of our AutoZone brand name, trademarks and service marks, some of our competitors may gain competitive advantages, such as greater financial and marketing resources allowing them to sell automotive products at lower prices, larger stores with more merchandise, longer operating histories, more frequent customer visits and more effective advertising. Online and multi-channel retailers often focus on delivery services, offering customers faster, guaranteed delivery times and low-price or free shipping. Some online businesses have lower operating costs than we do. In addition, because our business strategy is based on offering superior levels of customer service to complement the products we offer, our cost structure is higher than some of our competitors, which also puts pressure on our margins. Consumers are embracing shopping online and through mobile commerce applications. With the increasing use of digital tools and social media, and our competitors increased focus on optimizing customers online experience, our customers are quickly able to compare prices, product assortment and feedback from other customers before purchasing our products either online, in the physical stores or through a combination of both offerings. We believe that we compete effectively on the basis of merchandise availability as a result of investments in inventory available for immediate sale, the development of a robust hub and mega hub distribution network providing efficient access to obtain products required on-demand, options to order products online or by telephone and pick them up in stores and options for special orders directly from our vendors. We also offer hassle-free returns to our customers. In addition, we believe that customers value the personal interaction with a salesperson who is qualified to offer trustworthy advice and provide other free services such as parts testing. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 We also utilize promotions, advertising and our loyalty programs to drive customer traffic and compete more effectively, and we must regularly assess and adjust our efforts to address changes in the competitive marketplace. If we are unable to continue to manage readily-available inventory demand and competitive delivery options as well as develop successful competitive strategies, including the maintenance of effective promotions, advertising and loyalty programs, or if our competitors develop more effective strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline. We may not be able to sustain our historic rate of sales growth. We have increased our store count in the past five fiscal years, growing from 5,814 stores at August 27, 2016, to 6,767 stores at August 28, 2021, a compounded annual growth rate of three percent. Additionally, we have increased annual revenues in the past five fiscal years from 10.636 billion in fiscal 2016 to 14.630 billion in fiscal 2021, with a compounded annual growth rate of seven percent. Annual revenue growth is driven by the opening of new stores, the development of new commercial programs and increases in same store sales. See Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further discussion of same store sales. We open new stores only after evaluating customer buying trends and market demand/needs, all of which could be adversely affected by persistent unemployment, wage cuts, small business failures and microeconomic conditions unique to the automotive industry. Same store sales are impacted both by customer demand levels and by the prices we are able to charge for our products, which can also be negatively impacted by economic pressures. Additionally, the unprecedented levels of customer demand we have experienced for our products during the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant increases in same store sales growth during fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2021. Therefore, we may not be able to sustain these growth trends if customer demand returns to pre-pandemic levels. If we cannot profitably increase our market share in the commercial auto parts business, our sales growth may be limited. Although we are one of the largest sellers of auto parts in the commercial market, we must effectively compete against national and regional auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, wholesalers and jobbers in order to increase our commercial market share. Although we believe we compete effectively in the commercial market on the basis of customer service, merchandise quality, selection and availability, price, product warranty, distribution locations and the strength of our AutoZone brand name, trademarks and service marks, some automotive aftermarket participants have been in business for substantially longer periods of time than we have, and as a result have developed long-term customer relationships and have large available inventories. If we are unable to profitably develop new commercial customers, our sales growth may be limited. Our business depends upon hiring, training and retaining qualified employees. We believe much of our brand value lies in the quality of the approximately 100,000 AutoZoners employed in our stores, distribution centers, store support centers and ALLDATA. Our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including market pressures with respect to prevailing wage rates and unemployment levels. Our business is also subject to employment laws and regulations, including requirements related to minimum wage, benefits and scheduling requirements. In addition, the implementation of potential regulatory changes relating to overtime exemptions and benefits for certain employees under federal and state laws could result in increased labor costs to our business and negatively impact our operating results. We compete with other retail businesses for many of our associates in hourly positions, and these positions have historically had high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and retention costs, particularly in a competitive labor market. We cannot be assured that we can continue to hire, train and retain qualified employees at current wage rates since we operate in a competitive labor market, and there is a risk of market increases in compensation. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 If we are unable to hire, properly train and retain qualified employees, we could experience higher employment costs, reduced sales, losses of customers and diminution of our brand or company culture, which could adversely affect our earnings. If we do not maintain competitive wages or benefit packages, our customer service could suffer due to a declining quality of our workforce or, alternatively, our earnings could decrease if we increase our wage rates. A violation or change in employment and labor laws (including changes in existing employment benefit programs such as health insurance) could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Inability to acquire and provide quality merchandise at competitive prices could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. We are dependent upon our domestic and international vendors continuing to supply us with quality merchandise at competitive prices and payment terms. If our merchandise offerings do not meet our customers expectations regarding quality, innovation and safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and exposure to legal and reputational risk. All of our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety and quality standards. Events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement action or private litigation, result in costly product recalls and other liabilities and lead to reputational harm and loss of customer confidence. To the extent our suppliers are subject to added government regulation of their product design and/or manufacturing processes, the cost of the merchandise we purchase may rise. In addition, negative customer perceptions regarding the safety or quality of the products we sell could cause our customers to seek alternative sources for their needs, resulting in lost sales. In those circumstances, it may be difficult and costly for us to rebuild our reputation and regain the confidence of our customers. Furthermore, our vendors are impacted by global economic conditions which in turn impact our ability to source merchandise at competitive prices. For example, the recent surges in consumer demand, shortages of raw materials and disruption to the global supply chain have negatively impacted costs and inventory availability and may continue to have a negative impact on future results and profitability. Credit market and other macroeconomic conditions could also have a material adverse effect on the ability of our global and domestic suppliers to finance and operate their businesses. If we experience transitions or changeover with any of our significant vendors, or if they experience financial difficulties or otherwise are unable to deliver merchandise to us on a timely basis, or at all, we could have product shortages in our stores that could adversely affect customers perceptions of us and cause us to lose customers and sales. Risks associated with products sourced outside the U.S. We directly imported approximately 13 of our purchases in fiscal 2021, but many of our domestic vendors directly import their products or components of their products. Changes to the price or flow of these goods for any reason, such as civil unrest or acts of war, currency fluctuations, disruptions in maritime lanes, port labor disputes, economic conditions and instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers failure to meet our standards, issues with labor practices of our suppliers or labor problems they may experience (such as strikes, stoppages or slowdowns, which could also increase labor costs during and following the disruption), the availability and cost of raw materials to suppliers, increased import duties or tariffs, merchandise quality or safety issues, shipping and transport availability and cost, increases in wage rates and taxes, transport security, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located or from which they import, often are beyond our control and could adversely affect our operations and profitability. In addition, the foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, import limitations on certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade and port labor agreements are beyond our control. These and other factors, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our business and financial performance. As we or our domestic vendors increase our imports of merchandise from foreign vendors, the risks associated with these imports will also increase. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Our ability to grow depends in part on new store openings, existing store remodels and expansions and effective utilization of our existing supply chain and hub network. Our continued growth and success will depend in part on our ability to open and operate new stores and expand and remodel existing stores to meet customers needs on a timely and profitable basis. Accomplishing our new and existing store expansion goals will depend upon a number of factors, including the ability to partner with developers and landlords to obtain suitable sites for new and expanded stores at acceptable costs, the hiring and training of qualified personnel and the integration of new stores into existing operations. There can be no assurance we will be able to achieve our store expansion goals, manage our growth effectively, successfully integrate the planned new stores into our operations or operate our new, remodeled and expanded stores profitably. In addition, we extensively utilize our hub network, our supply chain and logistics management techniques to efficiently stock our stores. We have made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain to improve our ability to provide the best parts at the right price and to meet consumer product needs. If we fail to effectively utilize our existing hubs and/or supply chains or if our investments in our supply chain initiatives, including directly sourcing some products from outside the U.S., do not provide the anticipated benefits, we could experience sub-optimal inventory levels in our stores or increases in our operating costs, which could adversely affect our sales volume and/or our margins. Our success in international operations is dependent on our ability to manage the unique challenges presented by international markets. The various risks we face in our U.S. operations generally also exist when conducting operations in and sourcing products and materials from outside of the U.S., in addition to the unique costs, risks and difficulties of managing international operations. Our expansion into international markets may be adversely affected by local laws and customs, U.S. laws applicable to foreign operations, and political and socio-economic conditions. Risks inherent in international operations also include potential adverse tax consequences, potential changes to trade policies and trade agreements, compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights, challenges to identify and gain access to local suppliers, and possibly misjudging the response of consumers in foreign countries to our product assortment and marketing strategy. In addition, our operations in international markets are conducted primarily in the local currency of those countries. Since our Consolidated Financial Statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales, and other revenues and expenses denominated in local currencies must be translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. As a result, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may adversely impact our financial performance. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Business interruptions may negatively impact our operating hours, operability of our computer and other systems, availability of merchandise and otherwise have a material negative effect on our sales and our business. War or acts of terrorism, political or civil unrest, unusual weather conditions, including due to the impacts of climate change, hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, fires, earthquakes and floods, global health epidemics (such as COVID-19) and other natural or other disasters or the threat of any of them, may result in certain of our stores, distribution centers, store support centers or sourcing offices being closed for a period of time or permanently or have a negative impact on our ability to obtain merchandise available for sale in our stores. Some of our merchandise is imported from other countries. If imported goods become difficult or impossible to bring into the U.S., and if we cannot obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar costs, our sales and profit margins may be negatively affected. In the event commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially delayed, our business may be adversely impacted, as we may have difficulty transporting merchandise to our distribution centers and stores resulting in lost sales and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty. Transportation issues could also cause us to cancel purchase orders if we are unable to receive merchandise in our distribution centers. Our failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name and profitability. We believe our continued strong sales growth is driven in significant part by our brand name. The value in our brand name and its continued effectiveness in driving our sales growth are dependent to a significant degree on our ability to maintain our reputation for safety, high product quality, friendliness, service, trustworthy advice, integrity and business ethics. Any negative publicity about these or other areas involving our business, including our response or lack thereof to external events involving civil unrest, social justice, and political issues, whether or not based in fact, could damage our reputation and may result in reduced demand for our merchandise. The increasing use of technology also poses a risk as customers are able to quickly compare products and prices and use social media to provide feedback in a manner that is rapidly and broadly dispersed. Our reputation could be impacted if customers have a bad experience and share it over social media. Failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, environmental and anti-corruption standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse actions by consumer or environmental groups, employees or regulatory bodies. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. Cyber-security and Data Privacy Risks We rely heavily on our information technology systems for our key business processes. Any failure or interruption in these systems could have a material adverse impact on our business. We rely extensively on our information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to manage inventory, communicate with customers, process transactions and summarize results. Our systems and the third-party systems we rely on are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, facility damage, physical theft, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, malicious cyber-attacks, catastrophic events, and design or usage errors by our AutoZoners, contractors or third-party service providers. Although we and our third-party service providers work diligently to maintain our respective systems, we may not be successful in doing so. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions, which could result in lost sales, inability to process purchase orders and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 We are in the process of developing and implementing various information systems, as well as modifying existing systems. These technological changes will require significant investment of human and financial resources, and we may experience significant delays, cost increases and other obstacles with these projects. Although we have invested significant resources during our planning, project management and training, implementation issues may arise which may disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business operations, financial condition and cash flows. Failure to protect or effectively respond to a breach of the privacy and security of customers , suppliers , AutoZoners or Company information could damage our reputation, subject us to litigation and cause us to incur substantial costs. Our business, like that of most retailers and distributors, involves the receipt, storage and transmission of personal information about our customers, suppliers and AutoZoners, some of which is entrusted to third-party service providers and vendors. Failure to protect the security of our customers , suppliers , AutoZoners and Company information could subject us to costly regulatory enforcement actions, expose us to litigation and impair our reputation, which may have a negative impact on our sales. We consider information security to be a top priority and undertake cyber-security planning and activities throughout the Company. Senior management and the Board of Directors are actively engaged in cyber-security risk management. While we and our third-party service providers and vendors take significant steps to protect customer, supplier, employee and other confidential information, including maintaining compliance with payment card industry standards and a security program that includes updating technology and security policies, employee training and monitoring and routine testing of our systems, these security measures may be breached in the future due to cyber-attack, employee error, system compromises, fraud, trickery, hacking or other intentional or unintentional acts, and unauthorized parties may obtain access to this data. We believe our preventative actions provide adequate measures of protection against security breaches and generally reduce our cyber-security risks. However, our business or our third party providers, with which we share sensitive information, may not discover a security breach or loss of information for a significant period after the security breach occurs. Failure to effectively respond to system compromises may undermine our security measures. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. To date, we have not experienced a material breach of cyber-security; however, our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to unauthorized access or phishing attempts, computer viruses, malware, ransomware or other malicious codes. In particular, in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, there has been a spike in cyber-security attacks as shelter in place orders and work from home measures have led businesses to increase reliance on virtual environments and communications systems, which have been subjected to increasing third-party vulnerabilities and security risks. As the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous and complex, compliance with these requirements could also result in significant additional costs. There can be no assurance that our security measures will prevent or limit the impact of a future incident. The cost to remediate damages to our systems suffered as a result of a cyber-attack could be significant. We accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit, debit, electronic payments (such as PayPal, Apple Pay, etc.) and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time, which may have information security risk implications. As a retailer accepting debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to various industry data protection standards and protocols, such as the American National Standards Institute encryption standards and payment network security operating guidelines and Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. Even though we comply with these standards and protocols and other information security measures, we cannot be certain that the security measures we maintain to protect all of our information technology systems are able to prevent, contain or detect any cyber-attacks, cyber terrorism, or security breaches from known cyber-attacks or malware that may be developed in the future. We maintain insurance coverage that may protect us from certain cyber-attack claims; however, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover significant losses in any particular situation. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 To the extent any cyber-attack or intrusion in our or one of our third-party service provider s information systems results in the loss, damage or misappropriation of information, we may be materially adversely affected by claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card networks and others. In certain circumstances, payment card association rules and obligations to which we are subject under our contracts with payment card processors make us liable to payment card issuers if information in connection with payment cards and payment card transactions we hold is compromised, which liabilities could be substantial. In addition, the cost of complying with stricter and more complex data privacy, data collection and information security laws and standards could be significant to us. We have invested in information technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. Although these plans are in place, we must provide ongoing monitoring and consistently revise our plans as technologies change rapidly and our efforts to overcome security risks continue to become increasingly more complex and concentrated. Indebtedness, Financial and Market Risks We are self-insured for certain costs associated with our operations and an increase in our insurance claims and expenses may have a material negative impact on us. We are self-insured up to certain limits for workers compensation, employee group medical, general liability, product liability, property and automobile. The types and amounts of insurance may vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention and regulatory requirements. Our reserves are established using historical trends and, where appropriate, using a third party actuary to estimate costs to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. Estimated costs are subject to a variety of assumptions and other factors including the severity, duration and frequency of claims, legal costs associated with claims, healthcare trends and projected inflation of related factors. Material increases in the number of insurance claims, changes to healthcare costs, accident frequency and severity, legal expenses and other factors could result in unfavorable difference between actual self-insurance costs and our reserve estimates. As a result, our self-insurance costs could increase which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. A downgrade in our credit ratings or a general disruption in the credit markets could make it more difficult for us to access funds, refinance our debt, obtain new funding or issue debt securities. Our short-term and long-term debt is rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. These investment-grade credit ratings have historically allowed us to take advantage of lower interest rates and other favorable terms on our short-term credit lines, in our senior debt offerings and in the commercial paper markets. To maintain our investment-grade ratings, we are required to meet certain financial performance ratios. A change by the rating agencies in these ratios, an increase in our debt, and/or a decline in our earnings could result in downgrades in our credit ratings. A downgrade in our credit ratings could limit our access to public debt markets, limit the institutions willing to provide credit facilities to us, result in more restrictive financial and other covenants in our public and private debt and would likely significantly increase our overall borrowing costs and adversely affect our earnings. Moreover, significant deterioration in the financial condition of large financial institutions during the Great Recession resulted in a severe loss of liquidity and availability of credit in global credit markets and in more stringent borrowing terms. We can provide no assurance that such similar events that occurred during the Great Recession will not occur again in the foreseeable future. Conditions and events in the global credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our access to short-term and long-term debt and the terms and cost of that debt. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected by the adoption of new laws, changes to existing laws, increased enforcement activity or other governmental actions. We are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, many of which are complex, frequently revised and subject to varying interpretations. These include laws governing employment and labor, wage and hour, environmental matters, proper handling and disposal of hazardous materials and waste, healthcare, data privacy, cybersecurity, the pricing and sale of goods, import and export compliance, transportation and logistics, consumer protection and advertising, among others. These laws may differ substantially in the areas where we operate. Although we have implemented policies and procedures to help ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no certainty that our employees and third parties with whom we do business will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable laws. If we fail to comply with these laws, rules and regulations, or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, we may be subject to governmental enforcement action or private litigation resulting in monetary penalties, reputational harm and increased costs of regulatory compliance. Any changes in regulations, the imposition of additional regulations, or the enactment of any new legislation could have an adverse impact, directly or indirectly, on our financial condition and results of operations. We may also be subject to investigations or audits by governmental authorities and regulatory agencies as a result of enforcing existing laws and regulations or changes in enforcement priorities, which can occur in the ordinary course of business or may result from increased scrutiny from a particular agency or toward a particular industry. We may be adversely affected by legal, regulatory or market responses to global climate change. Growing concern over climate change has led policy makers in the U.S. to consider the enactment of legislative and regulatory proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on greenhouse gas emissions. Such laws, if enacted, are likely to impact our business in a number of ways. For example, significant increases in fuel economy requirements, new federal or state restrictions on emissions of carbon dioxide or new federal or state incentive programs that may be imposed on vehicles and automobile fuels could adversely affect demand for vehicles, annual miles driven or the products we sell. We may not be able to accurately predict, prepare for and respond to new kinds of technological innovations with respect to electric vehicles and other technologies that minimize emissions. Compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers. Our inability to appropriately respond to such changes could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be affected by litigation. We are involved in lawsuits, regulatory investigations, governmental and other legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of business. Such matters involve significant expense and divert management s attention and resources from other matters. The damages sought against us in these proceedings may be material and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 General Risks Significant changes in macroeconomic and geo-political factors could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Macroeconomic conditions impact both our customers and our suppliers. Job growth in the U.S. was stagnated and unemployment was at historically high levels at the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic. While the unemployment rate has improved, the rate has not returned to pre-pandemic levels. Moreover, the U.S. government continues to operate under historically large deficits and debt burden. Continued distress in global credit markets, business failures, civil unrest, inflation, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, significant geo-political conflicts, proposed or additional tariffs, continued volatility in energy prices, the impact of a public health crisis or pandemic (such as COVID-19), constraints on the global supply chain and other factors continue to affect the global economy. Moreover, rising energy prices could impact our merchandise distribution, commercial delivery, utility and product costs. It is unclear how such factors could impact our business in the short term. Over a longer period of time, these macroeconomic and geo-political conditions could adversely affect our sales growth, margins and overhead. These could adversely affect our financial condition and operations. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties The following table reflects the square footage and number of leased and owned properties for our stores as of August 28, 2021: 

No. of Store Square Stores Footage (1) Leased 3,641 23,911,656 Owned 3,126 21,145,587 Total 6,767 45,057,243 (1) Square footage excludes store support centers, regional offices, distribution centers and the areas that hold the local mega hub and hub expanded assortment. 
 We have approximately 5.9 million square feet in distribution centers servicing our stores, of which approximately 1.8 million square feet is leased and the remainder is owned. Our 12 distribution centers are located in Arizona, California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Washington and two in Mexico. Our primary store support center is located in Memphis, Tennessee, and consists of approximately 320,000 square feet. We also have three additional store support centers located in Monterrey, Mexico; Chihuahua, Mexico and Sao Paulo, Brazil. Our International Sourcing Office is located in Shanghai, China. The ALLDATA headquarters in Elk Grove, California is leased, and we also own or lease other properties which are not material in the aggregate. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings Item 103 of Regulation S-K requires disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and such proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that we reasonably believe will exceed an applied threshold of 1 million. Applying this threshold, there are no environmental matters to disclose for this period. We are involved in various other legal proceedings incidental to the conduct of our business, including, but not limited to, several lawsuits containing class-action allegations in which the plaintiffs are current and former hourly and salaried employees who allege various wage and hour violations and unlawful termination practices. We do not currently believe that, either individually or in the aggregate, these matters will result in liabilities material to our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The principal market on which our common stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AZO. On October 18, 2021, there were 1,936 stockholders of record, which does not include the number of beneficial owners whose shares were represented by security position listings. We currently do not pay a dividend on our common stock. Our ability to pay dividends is subject to limitations imposed by Nevada law. Any future payment of dividends would be dependent upon our financial condition, capital requirements, earnings and cash flow. During 1998, the Company announced a program permitting the Company to repurchase a portion of its outstanding shares not to exceed a dollar maximum established by the Company s Board of Directors. The program was most recently amended on October 5, 2021, to increase the repurchase authorization by 1.5 billion, bringing the total value of authorized share repurchases to 27.65 billion. Beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we restarted our share repurchases under our share repurchase program, which had been temporarily suspended during fiscal 2020 in response to the uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic. We will continue to evaluate current and expected business conditions and adjust the level of share repurchases under our share repurchase program as we deem appropriate. Shares of common stock repurchased by the Company during the quarter ended August 28, 2021 were as follows: 

Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Dollar Value that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs May 9, 2021 to June 5, 2021 119,391 1,463.82 119,391 1,142,800,316 June 6, 2021 to July 3, 2021 179,195 1,420.00 179,195 888,343,302 July 4, 2021 to July 31, 2021 164,072 1,580.00 164,072 629,109,159 August 1, 2021 to August 28, 2021 129,802 1,629.71 129,802 417,569,204 Total 592,460 1,519.09 592,460 417,569,204 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 The Company also repurchased, at market value, an additional 7,611, 8,287 and 17,201 shares in fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, from employees electing to sell their stock under the Company s Sixth Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the Employee Plan ), qualified under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code, under which all eligible employees may purchase AutoZone s common stock at 85 of the lower of the market price of the common stock on the first day or last day of each calendar quarter through payroll deductions. Maximum permitted annual purchases are 15,000 per employee or 10 percent of compensation, whichever is less. Under the Employee Plan, 8,479, 10,525 and 11,011 shares were sold to employees in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. At August 28, 2021, 133,762 shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance under the Employee Plan. Once executives have reached the maximum purchases under the Employee Plan, the Sixth Amended and Restated Executive Stock Purchase Plan (the Executive Plan permits all eligible executives to purchase AutoZone s common stock up to 25 percent of his or her annual salary and bonus. Purchases by executives under the Executive Plan were 997, 1,204 and 1,483 shares in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. At August 28, 2021, 234,364 shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance under the Executive Plan. Stock Performance Graph The graph below presents changes in the value of AutoZone s stock as compared to Standard Poor s 500 Composite Index S P 500 and to Standard Poor s Retail Index S P Retail Index for the five-year period beginning August 27, 2016 and ending August 28, 2021. Item 6. Reserved Not required. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations We are the leading retailer, and a leading distributor, of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the Americas. We began operations in 1979 and at August 28, 2021, operated 6,051 stores in the U.S., 664 stores in Mexico and 52 stores in Brazil. Each store carries an extensive product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products. At August 28, 2021, in 5,179 of our domestic stores, we also had a commercial sales program that provides commercial credit and prompt delivery of parts and other products to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations and public sector accounts. We also have commercial programs in all stores in Mexico and Brazil. We also sell the ALLDATA brand automotive diagnostic, repair and shop management software through www.alldata.com. Additionally, we sell automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products through www.autozone.com, and our commercial customers can make purchases through www.autozonepro.com. We also provide product information on our Duralast branded products through www.duralastparts.com. We do not derive revenue from automotive repair or installation services. COVID-19 Impact COVID-19 continues to impact numerous aspects of our business. Our sales remain at record levels as we have experienced unprecedented customer demand for our products during the COVID-19 pandemic, as we believe that many of our customers have benefitted from pandemic-related government stimulus and benefits. Our main priority continues to be the health, safety and well-being of our customers and AutoZoners. We continue to invest in supplies for the protection of our employees and customers and increased the frequency of cleaning and disinfecting our stores. For fiscal 2021, we incurred approximately 43.0 million in pandemic related expenses, including Emergency Time-Off benefit enhancements for both full-time and part-time employees as compared to approximately 83.9 million in the comparable prior year period. The long-term impact to our business remains unknown as we are unable to accurately predict the impact that COVID-19 will have due to numerous uncertainties, including the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, the likelihood of additional variants and resurgences of the outbreak, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities in response to the disease, the timing, distribution, efficacy and public acceptance of vaccines, and unintended consequences of the foregoing. Furthermore, the continuing pandemic and related economic uncertainty may result in prolonged disruption and volatility to our business and magnify certain risks, including risks associated with sourcing quality merchandise domestically and outside the U.S.; our ability to promptly adjust inventory levels to meet fluctuations in customer demand; our ability to comply with complex and evolving laws and regulations related to customers and AutoZoners health and safety; our ability to open new store locations and expand or remodel existing stores; and our ability to hire and train qualified employees to address temporary or sustained labor shortages. Executive Summary For fiscal 2021, we achieved record net income of 2.170 billion, a 25.2 increase over the prior year, and sales growth of 1.998 billion, a 15.8 increase over the prior year. Domestic commercial sales increased 22.6 , which represents approximately 23 of our total sales. Both our retail sales and commercial sales grew this past year as we continue to experience unprecedented demand for our products during the COVID-19 pandemic and make progress on our initiatives aimed at improving our ability to say Yes to our customers more frequently, drive traffic to our stores and accelerate our commercial growth. Our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to fuel costs, wage rates, supply chain disruptions, hiring and other economic conditions, including for fiscal 2021 and 2020, the effects of, and responses to, COVID-19. Given the nature of these macroeconomic factors, we cannot predict whether or for how long certain trends will continue, nor can we predict to what degree these trends will impact us in the future. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 One macroeconomic factor affecting our customers and our industry during fiscal 2021 was gas prices. During fiscal 2021, the average price per gallon of unleaded gasoline in the U.S. was 2.62, compared to 2.32 during fiscal 2020. We believe fluctuations in gas prices impact our customers level of disposable income. With approximately 10 billion gallons of unleaded gas consumption each month across the U.S., each 1 decrease at the pump contributes approximately 10 billion of additional spending capacity to consumers each month. Given the unpredictability of gas prices, we cannot predict whether gas prices will increase or decrease, nor can we predict how any future changes in gas prices will impact our sales in future periods. We have also experienced continued accelerated pressure on wages in the U.S. during fiscal 2021. Some of this is attributed to regulatory changes in certain states and municipalities, while the larger portion is being driven by general market pressures and some specific actions taken recently by other retailers. The regulatory changes are expected to continue, as evidenced by the areas that have passed legislation to increase employees wages substantially over the next few years, but we are still assessing to what degree these changes will impact our earnings growth in future periods. During fiscal 2021, failure and maintenance related categories represented the largest portion of our sales mix, at approximately 83 of total sales, with failure related categories continuing to comprise our largest set of categories. While we have not experienced any fundamental shifts in our category sales mix as compared to previous years, in our domestic stores we continue to see a slight increase in mix of sales of the discretionary category as compared to last year. We believe the improvement in this sales category resulted from the pandemic as many of our customers continue to have more time to work on discretionary projects. The two statistics we believe have the closest correlation to our market growth over the long-term are miles driven and the number of seven year old or older vehicles on the road. Miles Driven We believe as the number of miles driven increases, consumers vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in the need for automotive hard parts and maintenance items. While over the long-term we have seen a close correlation between our net sales and the number of miles driven, we have also seen certain time frames of minimal correlation in sales performance and miles driven. During the periods of minimal correlation between net sales and miles driven, we believe net sales have been positively impacted by other factors, including macroeconomic factors and the number of seven year old or older vehicles on the road. Since the beginning of the fiscal year and through July 2021 (latest publicly available information), miles driven in the U.S. decreased by 5.2 compared to the same period in the prior year. We believe this decrease is a result of the pandemic, but we are unable to predict if this decline will continue and are uncertain of the impact it will have to our business. Seven Year Old or Older Vehicles According to the latest data provided by the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, new light vehicle sales for the year ended August 2021 increased 11.5 as compared to the comparable prior year period. We estimate vehicles are driven an average of approximately 12,500 miles each year. In seven years, the average miles driven equates to approximately 87,500 miles. Our experience is that at this point in a vehicle s life, most vehicles are not covered by warranties and increased maintenance is needed to keep the vehicle operating. According to the latest data provided by the Auto Care Association, as of January 1, 2021, the average age of light vehicles on the road was 12.1 years. The average age of light vehicles has exceeded 11 years since 2012. We expect the aging vehicle population to continue to increase as consumers keep their cars longer in an effort to save money. Additionally, there is increased demand for used vehicles as a result of new vehicle inventory shortages during the COVID-19 pandemic. As the number of seven year old or older vehicles on the road increases, we expect an increase in demand for the products we sell. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations The following table highlights selected financial information over the last 5 years: Fiscal Year Ended August (in thousands, except per share data, same store sales and selected operating data) 2021 (1) 2020 (1) 2019 (2) 2018 (3) 2017 Income Statement Data Net sales 14,629,585 12,631,967 11,863,743 11,221,077 10,888,676 Cost of sales, including warehouse and delivery expenses 6,911,800 5,861,214 5,498,742 5,247,331 5,149,056 Gross profit 7,717,785 6,770,753 6,365,001 5,973,746 5,739,620 Operating, selling, general and administrative expenses 4,773,258 4,353,074 4,148,864 4,162,890 3,659,551 Operating profit 2,944,527 2,417,679 2,216,137 1,810,856 2,080,069 Interest expense, net 195,337 201,165 184,804 174,527 154,580 Income before income taxes 2,749,190 2,216,514 2,031,333 1,636,329 1,925,489 Income tax expense (4) 578,876 483,542 414,112 298,793 644,620 Net income (4) 2,170,314 1,732,972 1,617,221 1,337,536 1,280,869 Diluted earnings per share (4) 95.19 71.93 63.43 48.77 44.07 Weighted average shares for diluted earnings per share (4) 22,799 24,093 25,498 27,424 29,065 Same Store Sales Increase in domestic comparable store net sales (5) 13.6 7.4 3.0 1.8 0.5 Balance Sheet Data Current assets 6,415,303 6,811,872 5,028,685 4,635,869 4,611,255 Operating lease right-of-use assets (6) 2,718,712 2,581,677 Working capital (deficit) (954,451) 528,781 (483,456) (392,812) (155,046) Total assets 14,516,199 14,423,872 9,895,913 9,346,980 9,259,781 Current liabilities 7,369,754 6,283,091 5,512,141 5,028,681 4,766,301 Debt 5,269,820 5,513,371 5,206,344 5,005,930 5,081,238 Finance lease liabilities, less current portion (6) 186,122 155,855 123,659 102,013 102,322 Operating lease liabilities, less current portion (6) 2,632,842 2,501,560 Stockholders deficit (1,797,536) (877,977) (1,713,851) (1,520,355) (1,428,377) Selected Operating Data Number of locations at beginning of year 6,549 6,411 6,202 6,029 5,814 Sold locations (7) 26 New locations 219 138 209 201 215 Closed locations 1 2 Net new locations 218 138 209 199 215 Relocated locations 12 5 2 7 5 Number of locations at end of year 6,767 6,549 6,411 6,202 6,029 AutoZone domestic commercial programs 5,179 5,007 4,893 4,741 4,592 Inventory per location (in thousands) 686 683 674 636 644 Total AutoZone store square footage (in thousands) 45,057 43,502 42,526 41,066 39,684 Average square footage per AutoZone store 6,658 6,643 6,633 6,621 6,611 Increase in AutoZone store square footage 3.6 2.3 3.6 3.5 3.9 Average net sales per AutoZone store (in thousands) 2,160 1,914 1,847 1,778 1,756 Net sales per AutoZone store average square foot 325 288 279 269 266 Total employees at end of year (in thousands) 105 100 96 89 87 Inventory turnover (8) 1.5x 1.3x 1.3x 1.3x 1.4x Accounts payable to inventory ratio 129.6 115.3 112.6 111.8 107.4 After-tax return on invested capital (9) 41.0 35.7 35.7 32.1 29.9 Adjusted debt to EBITDAR (10) 2.0 2.4 2.5 2.5 2.6 Net cash provided by operating activities (in thousands) (4) 3,518,543 2,720,108 2,128,513 2,080,292 1,570,612 Cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt (in thousands) (11) 3,048,841 2,185,418 1,758,672 1,596,367 1,017,585 Share repurchases (in thousands) (12) 3,378,321 930,903 2,004,896 1,592,013 1,071,649 Number of shares repurchased (in thousands) (12) 2,592 826 2,182 2,398 1,495 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 (1) The 52 weeks ended August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020 were negatively impacted by pandemic related expenses, including Emergency Time-Off of approximately 43.0 million (pre-tax) and 83.9 million (pre-tax), respectively. 
 (2) The fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 consisted of 53 weeks. 
 (3) Fiscal 2018 was negatively impacted by pension termination charges of 130.3 million (pre-tax) recognized in the fourth quarter and asset impairments of 193.2 million (pre-tax) recognized in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. Fiscal 2019 and 2018 also includes a benefit to net income related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 6.3 million and 132.1 million, net of repatriation tax, respectively. 
 (4) Fiscal 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018 and 2017 include excess tax benefits from stock option exercises of 56.4 million, 20.9 million, 46.0 million, 31.3 million and 31.2 million, respectively. 
 (5) The domestic comparable sales increases are based on sales for all AutoZone domestic stores open at least one year. Same store sales are computed on a 52-week basis. Relocated stores are included in the same store sales computation based on the year the original store was opened. Closed store sales are included in the same store sales computation up to the week it closes, and excluded from the computation for all periods subsequent to closing. All sales through our www.autozone.com website, including consumer direct ship-to-home sales, are also included in the computation. 
 (6) The Company adopted ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), beginning with its first quarter ended November 23, 2019 which resulted in the Company recognizing a right-of-use asset ROU asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance sheet. 
 (7) 26 IMC branches were sold on April 4, 2018. 
 (8) Inventory turnover is calculated as cost of sales divided by the average merchandise inventory balance over the trailing 5 quarters. 
 (9) After-tax return on invested capital is defined as after-tax operating profit (excluding rent charges) divided by invested capital (which includes a factor to capitalize leases). For fiscal 2019, after-tax operating profit was adjusted for the impact of the average revaluation of deferred tax liabilities, net of repatriation tax. For fiscal 2018, after-tax operating profit was adjusted for impairment charges, pension termination charges and the impact of the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities, net of repatriation tax. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 (10) Adjusted debt to EBITDAR is defined as the sum of total debt, finance lease obligations and annual rents times six; divided by net income plus interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense. For fiscal 2018, net income was adjusted for impairment charges and pension termination charges before tax impact. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 (11) Cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt is defined as the change in cash and cash equivalents less the change in debt plus treasury stock purchases. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 (12) During the third quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company temporarily suspended share repurchases under the share repurchase program in response to COVID-19 which was restarted beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. 

29 

Table of Contents 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared with Fiscal 2020 For the fiscal year ended August 28, 2021, we reported net sales of 14.630 billion compared with 12.632 billion for the year ended August 29, 2020, a 15.8 increase from fiscal 2020. This growth was driven primarily by a domestic same store sales increase of 13.6 and net sales of 215.8 million from new stores. Domestic commercial sales increased 617.7 million, or 22.6 , over domestic commercial sales for fiscal 2020. At August 28, 2021, we operated 6,051 domestic stores, 664 in Mexico and 52 in Brazil, compared with 5,885 domestic stores, 621 in Mexico and 43 in Brazil at August 29, 2020. We reported a total auto parts segment (domestic, Mexico and Brazil) sales increase of 15.9 for fiscal 2021. Gross profit for fiscal 2021 was 7.718 billion, or 52.8 of net sales, an 85 basis point decrease compared with 6.771 billion, or 53.6 of net sales for fiscal 2020. The decrease in gross margin was primarily driven by the initiatives to accelerate growth in our commercial business. Operating, selling, general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2021 increased to 4.773 billion, or 32.6 of net sales, from 4.353 billion, or 34.5 of net sales for fiscal 2020. The reduction in operating expenses as a percentage of sales was driven by strong sales growth and a decrease in pandemic related expenses. Interest expense, net for fiscal 2021 was 195.3 million compared with 201.2 million during fiscal 2020. Average borrowings for fiscal 2021 were 5.401 billion, compared with 5.393 billion for fiscal 2020. Weighted average borrowing rates were 3.28 and 3.26 for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our effective income tax rate was 21.1 of pre-tax income for fiscal 2021 compared to 21.8 for fiscal 2020. The decrease in the tax rate was primarily attributable to an increased benefit from stock options exercised during fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. The benefit of stock options exercised for fiscal 2021 was 56.4 million compared to 20.9 million for fiscal 2020 (see Note D Income Taxes in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). Net income for fiscal 2021 increased by 25.2 to 2.170 billion, and diluted earnings per share increased 32.3 to 95.19 from 71.93 in fiscal 2020. The impact on the fiscal 2021 diluted earnings per share from stock repurchases was an increase of 5.13. Fiscal 2020 Compared with Fiscal 2019 A discussion of changes in our results of operations from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2020 has been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, but may be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 29, 2020, filed with the SEC on October 26, 2020, which is available free of charge on the SECs website at www.sec.gov and at www.autozone.com, by clicking Investor Relations located at the bottom of the page. Quarterly Periods Each of the first three quarters of our fiscal year consists of 12 weeks, and the fourth quarter consisted of 16 weeks in 2021 and 2020 and 17 weeks in 2019. Because the fourth quarter contains seasonally high sales volume and consists of 16 or 17 weeks, compared with 12 weeks for each of the first three quarters, our fourth quarter represents a disproportionate share of our annual net sales and net income. The fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021 represented 33.6 of annual sales and 36.2 of net income; the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020 represented 36.0 of annual sales and 42.7 of net income; and the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019 represented 33.6 of annual sales and 35.0 of net income. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources The primary source of our liquidity is our cash flows realized through the sale of automotive parts, products, and accessories. Unprecedented customer demand from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and continued progress on our initiatives improved our operating performance for the fiscal year, which drove a substantial increase in cash flows from operations. We believe that our cash generated from operating activities, available cash reserves and available credit, supplemented with our long-term borrowings will provide ample liquidity to fund our operations while allowing us to make strategic investments to support long-term growth initiatives and return excess cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. As of August 28, 2021, we held 1.171 billion of cash and cash equivalents, as well as 1.998 billion in undrawn capacity on our revolving credit facility. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, repay our debt as it becomes due and fund our share repurchases over the short-term and long-term. In addition, we believe we have the ability to obtain alternative sources of financing, if necessary. Net cash provided by operating activities was 3.519 billion in 2021, 2.720 billion in 2020 and 2.129 billion in 2019. Cash flows from operations are favorable compared to last year primarily due to favorable changes in accounts payable, driven by higher sustained inventory purchase volume in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020, and growth in net income due to accelerated sales growth as a result of the pandemic. Our net cash flows used in investing activities were 601.8 million in fiscal 2021, 497.9 million in fiscal 2020 and 491.8 million in fiscal 2019. The increase in net cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2021, compared to fiscal 2020, was due to an increase in capital expenditures. We invested 621.8 million in capital assets in fiscal 2021, 457.7 million in fiscal 2020 and 496.1 million in fiscal 2019. The increase in capital expenditures from fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2021 was primarily driven by increased store openings. We had 218 net new store openings for fiscal 2021, 138 for fiscal 2020 and 209 for fiscal 2019. We invest a portion of our assets held by our wholly owned insurance captive in marketable debt securities. We purchased 63.7 million in marketable debt securities in fiscal 2021, 90.9 million in fiscal 2020 and 55.5 million in fiscal 2019. We had proceeds from the sale of marketable debt securities of 95.4 million in fiscal 2021, 84.2 million in fiscal 2020 and 53.1 million in fiscal 2019. Net cash used in financing activities was 3.5 billion in fiscal 2021, 643.6 million in fiscal 2020 and 1.674 billion in fiscal 2019. The net cash used in financing activities reflected purchases of treasury stock, which totaled 3.378 billion for fiscal 2021, 930.9 million for fiscal 2020 and 2.005 billion for fiscal 2019. The increase in purchases of treasury stock for fiscal 2021 in comparison to fiscal 2020 was due to resuming our share repurchase program which was temporarily suspended in fiscal 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The treasury stock purchases in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 were primarily funded by cash flows from operations. During the year ended August 28, 2021, we repaid our 250 million 2.500 Senior Notes due April 2021, which were callable at par in March 2021. We did not issue any new debt in fiscal 2021, and issued 1.850 billion and 750 million in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. In fiscal 2020, the proceeds from the issuance of debt were used for general corporate purposes, repayment of our outstanding commercial paper and repayment of our 500 million Senior Notes due in November 2020 which were callable at par in August 2020. In fiscal 2019, the proceeds from the issuance of debt were used to repay a portion of our outstanding commercial paper borrowings, our 250 million Senior Notes due in April 2019 and for general corporate purposes. We did not have any commercial paper or short term borrowing activity during fiscal 2021. Net repayments of commercial paper and short term borrowings were 1.030 billion and 295.3 million for 2020 and 2019, respectively. During fiscal 2022, we expect to increase the investment in our business as compared to fiscal 2021. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to expansion of our store base and supply chain to fuel the growth of our domestic and Mexico businesses, which includes new stores, including mega hubs, as well as distribution center expansions and remodels. The amount of investments in our new stores is impacted by different factors, including whether the building and land are purchased (requiring higher investment) or leased (generally lower investment) and whether such buildings are located in the U.S., Mexico or Brazil, or located in urban or rural areas. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 During fiscal 2021 our capital expenditures increased by approximately 36 , compared to a decrease of 8 and 5 , for fiscal 2020 and 2019 respectively. Fiscal 2021 capital expenditures increased significantly due to delays in capital spending for the third and fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 related to COVID-19. In addition to building and land costs, our new stores require working capital, predominantly for inventories. Historically, we have negotiated extended payment terms from suppliers, reducing the working capital required and resulting in a high accounts payable to inventory ratio. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors capacity to factor their receivables from us. Certain vendors participate in arrangements with financial institutions whereby they factor their AutoZone receivables, allowing them to receive early payment from the financial institution on our invoices at a discounted rate. The terms of these agreements are between the vendor and the financial institution. Upon request from the vendor, we confirm to the vendor s financial institution the balances owed to the vendor, the due date and agree to waive any right of offset to the confirmed balances. A downgrade in our credit or changes in the financial markets may limit the financial institutions willingness to participate in these arrangements, which may result in the vendor wanting to renegotiate payment terms. A reduction in payment terms would increase the working capital required to fund future inventory investments. Extended payment terms from our vendors have allowed us to continue our high accounts payable to inventory ratio. We had an accounts payable to inventory ratio of 129.6 at August 28, 2021 and 115.3 at August 29, 2020. The increase from fiscal 2020 was primarily due to increased accounts payable purchases with favorable vendor terms and higher inventory turns. Depending on the timing and magnitude of our future investments (either in the form of leased or purchased properties or acquisitions), we anticipate that we will rely primarily on internally generated funds and available borrowing capacity to support a majority of our capital expenditures, working capital requirements and stock repurchases. The balance may be funded through new borrowings. We anticipate we will be able to obtain such financing in view of our credit ratings and favorable experiences in the debt markets in the past. Our cash balances are held in various locations around the world. As of August 28, 2021, and August 29, 2020, cash and cash equivalents of 80.4 million and 62.4 million, respectively, were held outside of the U.S. and were generally utilized to support the liquidity needs in our foreign operations. For the fiscal year ended August 28, 2021, our adjusted after-tax return on invested capital ROIC ), which is a non-GAAP measure, was 41.0 as compared to 35.7 for the comparable prior year period. Adjusted ROIC is calculated as after-tax operating profit (excluding rent charges) divided by invested capital (which includes a factor to capitalize operating leases). We use adjusted ROIC to evaluate whether we are effectively using our capital resources and believe it is an important indicator of our overall operating performance. Refer to the Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for further details of our calculation. Debt Facilities We entered into a Master Extension, New Commitment and Amendment Agreement dated as of November 18, 2017 (the Extension Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 18, 2016, as amended, modified, extended or restated from time to time (the Revolving Credit Agreement ). Under the Extension Amendment: (i) our borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Agreement was increased from 1.6 billion to 2.0 billion; (ii) the maximum borrowing under the Revolving Credit Agreement may, at our option, subject to lenders approval, be increased from 2.0 billion to 2.4 billion; (iii) the termination date of the Revolving Credit Agreement was extended from November 18, 2021 until November 18, 2022; and (iv) we have the option to make one additional written request of the lenders to extend the termination date then in effect for an additional year. Under the Revolving Credit Agreement, we may borrow funds consisting of Eurodollar loans, base rate loans or a combination of both. Interest accrues on Eurodollar loans at a defined Eurodollar rate, defined as LIBOR plus the applicable percentage, as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement, depending upon our senior, unsecured, (non-credit enhanced) long-term debt ratings. Interest accrues on base rate loans as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 As of August 28, 2021, we had no outstanding borrowings and 1.7 million of outstanding letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Agreement. We intend to amend and restate our Revolving Credit Agreement and anticipate closing the agreement during the first quarter of fiscal year 2022. Under our Revolving Credit Agreement, covenants include restrictions on liens, a maximum debt to earnings ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a change of control provision that may require acceleration of the repayment obligations under certain circumstances. The Revolving Credit Agreement requires that our consolidated interest coverage ratio as of the last day of each quarter shall be no less than 2.5:1. This ratio is defined as the ratio of (i) consolidated earnings before interest, taxes and rents to (ii) consolidated interest expense plus consolidated rents. Our consolidated interest coverage ratio as of August 28, 2021 was 6.9:1. On April 3, 2020, we entered into a 364-Day Credit Agreement (the 364-Day Credit Agreement to supplement our existing Revolving Credit Agreement. The 364-Day Credit Agreement provided for loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to 750 million. The 364-Day Credit Agreement had a termination date of, and any amounts borrowed under the 364-Day Credit Agreement were due and payable on April 2, 2021. Revolving loans under the 364-Day Credit Agreement could be base rate loans, Eurodollar loans, or a combination of both at our election. Effective February 2021, we terminated the 364-Day Credit Agreement. There were no borrowings outstanding under the 364-Day Credit Agreement. We entered into the 364-Day Agreement to augment our access to liquidity due to the macroeconomic conditions existing at the time, and we determined the additional access to liquidity was no longer necessary. As of August 28, 2021, the 500 million 3.700 Senior Notes due April 2022 were classified as long-term in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as we had the ability and intent to refinance them on a long-term basis through available capacity in our revolving credit facility. As of August 28, 2021, we had 1.998 billion of availability under our 2.0 billion Revolving Credit Agreement, which would allow us to replace these short-term obligations with a long-term financing facility. On March 15, 2021, we repaid the 250 million 2.500 Senior Notes due April 2021 which were callable at par in March 2021. On August 14, 2020, we issued 600 million in 1.650 Senior Notes due January 2031 under our automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3, filed with the SEC on April 4, 2019 (File No. 333-230719) (the 2019 Shelf Registration Statement ). The 2019 Shelf Registration Statement allows us to sell an indeterminate amount in debt securities to fund general corporate purposes, including repaying, redeeming or repurchasing outstanding debt and for working capital, capital expenditures, new store openings, stock repurchases and acquisitions. Proceeds from the debt issuance were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of the 500 million in 4.000 Senior Notes due in November 2020 that were callable at par in August 2020. On March 30, 2020, we issued 500 million in 3.625 Senior Notes due April 2025 and 750 million in 4.000 Senior Notes due April 2030 under the 2019 Shelf Registration Statement. Proceeds from the debt issuance were used to repay a portion of the outstanding commercial paper borrowings and for other general corporate purposes. On April 18, 2019, we issued 300 million in 3.125 Senior Notes due April 2024 and 450 million in 3.750 Senior Notes due April 2029 under the 2019 Shelf Registration Statement. Proceeds from the debt issuance were used to repay a portion of our outstanding commercial paper borrowings, the 250 million in 1.625 Senior Notes due in April 2019 and for other general corporate purposes. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 All Senior Notes are subject to an interest rate adjustment if the debt ratings assigned are downgraded (as defined in the agreements). Further, the Senior Notes contain a provision that repayment may be accelerated if we experience a change in control (as defined in the agreements). Our borrowings under our Senior Notes contain minimal covenants, primarily restrictions on liens, sale and leaseback transactions and consolidations, mergers and the sale of assets. All of the repayment obligations under our borrowing arrangements may be accelerated and come due prior to the applicable scheduled payment date if covenants are breached or an event of default occurs. Interest is paid on a semi-annual basis. As of August 28, 2021, we were in compliance with all covenants and expect to remain in compliance with all covenants under our borrowing arrangements. We also maintain a letter of credit facility that allows us to request the participating bank to issue letters of credit on our behalf up to an aggregate amount of 25 million. The letter of credit facility is in addition to the letters of credit that may be issued under the Revolving Credit Agreement. As of August 28, 2021, we had 23.9 million in letters of credit outstanding under the letter of credit facility which expires in June 2022. In addition to the outstanding letters of credit issued under the committed facility discussed above, we had 136.8 million in letters of credit outstanding as of August 28, 2021. These letters of credit have various maturity dates and were issued on an uncommitted basis. For the fiscal year ended August 28, 2021, our adjusted debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense EBITDAR ratio was 2.0:1 as compared to 2.4:1 as of the comparable prior year end. We calculate adjusted debt as the sum of total debt, finance lease liabilities and rent times six; and we calculate adjusted EBITDAR by adding interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense to net income. We target our debt levels to a specified ratio of adjusted debt to EBITDAR in order to maintain our investment grade credit ratings and believe this is important information for the management of our debt levels. Management expects the ratio of adjusted debt to EBITDAR to return to pre-pandemic levels in the future, increasing debt levels. Once the target ratio is achieved, to the extent adjusted EBITDAR increases, we expect our debt levels to increase; conversely, if adjusted EBITDAR decreases, we would expect our debt levels to decrease. Refer to the Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for further details of our calculation. Stock Repurchases During 1998, we announced a program permitting us to repurchase a portion of our outstanding shares not to exceed a dollar maximum established by our Board of Directors (the Board ). On December 15, 2020, the Board voted to increase the authorization by 1.5 billion. On March 23, 2021, the Board voted to increase the repurchase authorization by an additional 1.5 billion, which raised the total value of shares authorized to be repurchased to 26.15 billion. From January 1998 to August 28, 2021, we have repurchased a total of 150.3 million shares at an aggregate cost of 25.732 billion. We repurchased 2.6 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of 3.378 billion during fiscal 2021, 826 thousand shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of 930.9 million during fiscal 2020 and 2.2 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of 2.005 billion during fiscal 2019. The increase in purchases of treasury stock for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 was due to the temporary suspension of the share repurchase program during fiscal 2020 in order to preserve cash as a result of the uncertainty related to the pandemic. Purchases under the program resumed beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. Considering cumulative repurchases as of August 28, 2021, we had 417.6 million remaining under the Board s authorization to repurchase our common stock. We will continue to evaluate current and expected business conditions and adjust the level of share repurchases under our share repurchase program as we deem appropriate. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 For the fiscal year ended August 28, 2021, cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt was 3.049 billion as compared to 2.185 billion during the comparable prior year period. Cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt is calculated as the net increase or decrease in cash and cash equivalents less net increases or decreases in debt (excluding deferred financing costs) plus share repurchases. We use cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt to calculate the cash flows remaining and available. We believe this is important information regarding our allocation of available capital where we prioritize investments in the business and utilize the remaining funds to repurchase shares, while maintaining debt levels that support our investment grade credit ratings. Refer to the Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for further details of our calculation. On October 5, 2021, the Board voted to authorize the repurchase of an additional 1.5 billion of our common stock in connection with our ongoing share repurchase program. Since the inception of the repurchase program in 1998, the Board has authorized 27.65 billion in share repurchases. Subsequent to August 28, 2021 and through October 18, 2021, we have repurchased 220,022 shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of 362.8 million. Considering the cumulative repurchases and the increase in authorization subsequent to August 28, 2021 and through October 18, 2021, we have 1.555 billion remaining under the Board s authorization to repurchase its common stock. Financial Commitments The following table shows our significant contractual obligations as of August 28, 2021: 

Total Payment Due by Period Contractual Less than Between Between Over (in thousands) Obligations 1 year 1 3 years 3 5 years 5 years Debt (1) 5,300,000 500,000 1,100,000 1,300,000 2,400,000 Interest payments (2) 911,863 175,025 284,488 214,675 237,675 Operating leases (3) 3,682,998 323,245 672,142 573,073 2,114,538 Finance leases (3) 304,499 91,228 106,969 57,922 48,380 Self-insurance reserves (4) 259,585 95,263 87,953 37,188 39,181 Construction commitments 48,217 48,217 10,507,162 1,232,978 2,251,552 2,182,858 4,839,774 (1) Debt balances represent principal maturities, excluding interest, discounts, and debt issuance costs. (2) Represents obligations for interest payments on long-term debt. (3) Operating and finance lease obligations include related interest in accordance with ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). (4) Self-insurance reserves reflect estimates based on actuarial calculations and are presented net of insurance receivables. Although these obligations do not have scheduled maturities, the timing of future payments are predictable based upon historical patterns. Accordingly, we reflect the net present value of these obligations in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Our tax liability for uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, was 31.8 million at August 28, 2021. Approximately 3.0 million is classified as current liabilities and 28.8 million is classified as long-term liabilities. We did not reflect these obligations in the table above as we are unable to make an estimate of the timing of payments of the long-term liabilities due to uncertainties in the timing and amounts of the settlement of these tax positions. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements The following table reflects outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds as of August 28, 2021: 

Total Other (in thousands) Commitments Standby letters of credit 162,393 Surety bonds 35,362 197,755 A substantial portion of the outstanding standby letters of credit (which are primarily renewed on an annual basis) and surety bonds are used to cover reimbursement obligations to our workers compensation carriers. There are no additional contingent liabilities associated with these instruments as the underlying liabilities are already reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The standby letters of credit and surety bond arrangements expire within one year but have automatic renewal clauses. Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations includes certain financial measures not derived in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). These non-GAAP financial measures provide additional information for determining our optimum capital structure and are used to assist management in evaluating performance and in making appropriate business decisions to maximize stockholders value. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be used as a substitute for GAAP financial measures, or considered in isolation, for the purpose of analyzing our operating performance, financial position or cash flows. However, we have presented the non-GAAP financial measures, as we believe they provide additional information that is useful to investors as it indicates more clearly our comparative year-to-year operating results. Furthermore, our management and Compensation Committee of the Board use the above-mentioned non-GAAP financial measures to analyze and compare our underlying operating results and use select measurements to determine payments of performance-based compensation. We have included a reconciliation of this information to the most comparable GAAP measures in the following reconciliation tables. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Cash Flow Before Share Repurchases and Changes in Debt The following table reconciles net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents to cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt, which is presented in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations : 

Fiscal Year Ended August (in thousands) 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Net cash provided by/(used in): Operating activities 3,518,543 2,720,108 2,128,513 2,080,292 1,570,612 Investing activities (601,778) (497,875) (491,846) (521,860) (553,599) Financing activities (3,500,417) (643,636) (1,674,088) (1,632,154) (914,329) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 4,172 (4,082) (4,103) (1,724) 852 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (579,480) 1,574,515 (41,524) (75,446) 103,536 Less: increase/(decrease) in debt, excluding deferred financing costs (250,000) 320,000 204,700 (79,800) 157,600 Plus: Share repurchases 3,378,321 930,903 (1) 2,004,896 1,592,013 1,071,649 Cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt 3,048,841 2,185,418 1,758,672 1,596,367 1,017,585 (1) During the third quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company temporarily suspended share repurchases under the share repurchase program in response to COVID-19. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted After-tax ROIC The following table calculates the percentage of ROIC. ROIC is calculated as after-tax operating profit (excluding rent) divided by invested capital (which includes a factor to capitalize operating leases). The ROIC percentages are presented in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations : 

Fiscal Year Ended August (in thousands, except percentage) 2021 2020 2019 (1) 2018 (2) 2017 Net income 2,170,314 1,732,972 1,617,221 1,337,536 1,280,869 Adjustments: Impairment before tax 193,162 Pension termination charges before tax 130,263 Interest expense 195,337 201,165 184,804 174,527 154,580 Rent expense (3) 345,380 329,783 332,726 315,580 302,928 Tax effect (4) (114,091) (115,747) (105,576) (211,806) (153,265) Deferred tax liabilities, net of repatriation tax (5) (6,340) (132,113) Adjusted after-tax return 2,596,940 2,148,173 2,022,835 1,807,149 1,585,112 Average debt (6) 5,416,471 5,375,356 5,126,286 5,013,678 5,061,502 Average stockholders deficit (6) (1,397,892) (1,542,355) (1,615,339) (1,433,196) (1,730,559) Add: Rent x 6 (3)(7) 2,072,280 1,978,696 1,996,358 1,893,480 1,817,568 Average finance lease liabilities (6) 237,267 203,998 162,591 156,198 150,066 Invested capital 6,328,126 6,015,695 5,669,896 5,630,160 5,298,577 Adjusted after-tax ROIC 41.0 35.7 35.7 32.1 29.9 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted Debt to EBITDAR The following table calculates the ratio of adjusted debt to EBITDAR. Adjusted debt to EBITDAR is calculated as the sum of total debt, financing lease liabilities and annual rents times six; divided by net income plus interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense. The adjusted debt to EBITDAR ratios are presented in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations : 

Fiscal Year Ended August (in thousands, except ratio) 2021 2020 2019 (1) 2018 (2) 2017 Net income 2,170,314 1,732,972 1,617,221 1,337,536 1,280,869 Add: Impairment before tax 193,162 Pension termination charges before tax 130,263 Add: Interest expense 195,337 201,165 184,804 174,527 154,580 Income tax expense 578,876 483,542 414,112 298,793 644,620 Adjusted EBIT 2,944,527 2,417,679 2,216,137 2,134,281 2,080,069 Add: Depreciation and amortization expense 407,683 397,466 369,957 345,084 323,051 Rent expense (3) 345,380 329,783 332,726 315,580 302,928 Share-based expense 56,112 44,835 43,255 43,674 38,244 Adjusted EBITDAR 3,753,702 3,189,763 2,962,075 2,838,619 2,744,292 Debt 5,269,820 5,513,371 5,206,344 5,005,930 5,081,238 Financing lease liabilities 276,054 223,353 179,905 154,303 150,456 Add: Rent x 6 (3)(7) 2,072,280 1,978,696 1,996,358 1,893,480 1,817,568 Adjusted debt 7,618,154 7,715,420 7,382,607 7,053,713 7,049,262 Adjusted debt to EBITDAR 2.0 2.4 2.5 2.5 2.6 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 (1) The fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 consisted of 53 weeks. (2) For fiscal 2018, after-tax operating profit was adjusted for impairment charges and pension settlement charges. (3) Effective September 1, 2019, the Company adopted ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), the new lease accounting standard that required the Company to recognize operating lease assets and liabilities in the balance sheet. The table below outlines the calculation of rent expense and reconciles rent expense to total lease cost, per ASC 842, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, for the 52 weeks ended, August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020. 

For the year ended (in thousands) August 28,2021 August 29,2020 Total lease cost, per ASC 842, for the trailing four quarters 427,443 415,505 Less: Finance lease interest and amortization (56,334) (60,275) Less: Variable operating lease components, related to insurance and common area maintenance (25,729) (25,447) Rent expense for the trailing four quarters 345,380 329,783 (4) For fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, the effective tax rate was 21.1 , 21.8 , and 20.4 , respectively. The effective tax rate during fiscal 2018 was 24.2 for impairment, 28.1 for pension termination and 26.2 for interest and rent expense. For fiscal 2017, the effective tax rate was 33.5 . (5) For fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 after-tax operating profit was adjusted for the impact of the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities, net of repatriation tax. (6) All averages are computed based on trailing five quarters. (7) Rent is multiplied by a factor of six to capitalize operating leases in the determination of pre-tax invested capital. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note A of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion on recent accounting pronouncements. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period and related disclosures of contingent liabilities. In the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements, we describe our significant accounting policies used in preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our policies are evaluated on an ongoing basis and are drawn from historical experience and other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ under different assumptions or conditions. Our senior management has identified the critical accounting policies for the areas that are materially impacted by estimates and assumptions and have discussed such policies with the Audit Committee of our Board. The following items in our Consolidated Financial Statements represent our critical accounting policies that require significant estimation or judgment by management: Self-Insurance Reserves We retain a significant portion of the risks associated with workers compensation, general, product liability, property and vehicle liability; and we obtain third party insurance to limit the exposure related to certain of these risks. Our self-insurance reserve estimates totaled 284.0 million at August 28, 2021, and 288.6 million at August 29, 2020. Where estimates are possible, losses covered by insurance are recognized on a gross basis with a corresponding insurance receivable. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 The assumptions made by management in estimating our self-insurance reserves include consideration of historical cost experience, judgments about the present and expected levels of cost per claim and retention levels. We utilize various methods, including analyses of historical trends and use of a specialist, to estimate the cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. The actuarial methods develop estimates of the future ultimate claim costs based on the claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. When estimating these liabilities, we consider factors, such as the severity, duration and frequency of claims, legal costs associated with claims, healthcare trends and projected inflation of related factors. In recent history, our methods for determining our exposure have remained consistent, and our historical trends have been appropriately factored into our reserve estimates. As we obtain additional information and refine our methods regarding the assumptions and estimates we use to recognize liabilities incurred, we will adjust our reserves accordingly. Management believes that the various assumptions developed and actuarial methods used to determine our self- insurance reserves are reasonable and provide meaningful data and information that management uses to make its best estimate of our exposure to these risks. Arriving at these estimates, however, requires a significant amount of subjective judgment by management, and as a result these estimates are uncertain and our actual exposure may be different from our estimates. For example, changes in our assumptions about healthcare costs, the severity of accidents and the incidence of illness, the average size of claims and other factors could cause actual claim costs to vary materially from our assumptions and estimates, causing our reserves to be overstated or understated. For instance, a 10 change in our self-insurance liability would have affected net income by approximately 19.1 million for fiscal 2021. Our liabilities for workers compensation, general and product liability, property and vehicle claims do not have scheduled maturities; however, the timing of future payments is predictable based on historical patterns and is relied upon in determining the current portion of these liabilities. Accordingly, we reflect the net present value of the obligations we determine to be long-term using the risk-free interest rate as of the balance sheet date. If the discount rate used to calculate the present value of these reserves changed by 25 basis points, net income would have been affected by approximately 1.4 million for fiscal 2021. Income Taxes Our income tax returns are audited by state, federal and foreign tax authorities, and we are typically engaged in various tax examinations at any given time. Tax contingencies often arise due to uncertainty or differing interpretations of the application of tax rules throughout the various jurisdictions in which we operate. The contingencies are influenced by items such as tax audits, changes in tax laws, litigation, appeals and prior experience with similar tax positions. We regularly review our tax reserves for these items and assess the adequacy of the amount we have recorded. As of August 28, 2021, we had approximately 31.8 million reserved for uncertain tax positions. We evaluate exposures associated with our various tax filings by estimating a liability for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step requires us to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. We believe our estimates to be reasonable and have not experienced material adjustments to our reserves in the previous three years; however, actual results could differ from our estimates, and we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material. Specifically, management has used judgment and made assumptions to estimate the likely outcome of uncertain tax positions. Additionally, to the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability has been established, or must pay in excess of recognized reserves, our effective tax rate in any particular period could be materially affected. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Vendor Allowances We receive various payments and allowances from our vendors through a variety of programs and arrangements, including allowances for warranties, advertising and general promotion of vendor products. Vendor allowances are treated as a reduction of the cost of inventory, unless they are provided as a reimbursement of specific, incremental, identifiable costs incurred by the Company in selling the vendor s products. Approximately 85 of the vendor funds received during fiscal 2021 were recorded as a reduction of the cost of inventories and recognized as a reduction to cost of sales as these inventories are sold. Based on our vendor agreements, a significant portion of vendor funding we receive is earned as we purchase inventory. Therefore, we record receivables for funding earned but not yet received as we purchase inventory. During the year, we regularly review the receivables from vendors to ensure vendors are able to meet their obligations. We generally have not recorded a reserve against these receivables as we have not experienced significant losses and typically have a legal right of offset with our vendors for payments owed them. Historically, we have had write-offs less than 1 million in each of the last three years. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We are exposed to market risk from, among other things, changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and fuel prices. From time to time, we use various derivative instruments to reduce interest rate and fuel price risks. To date, based upon our current level of foreign operations, no derivative instruments have been utilized to reduce foreign exchange rate risk. All of our hedging activities are governed by guidelines that are authorized by the Board. Further, we do not buy or sell derivative instruments for trading purposes. Interest Rate Risk Our financial market risk results primarily from changes in interest rates. At times, we reduce our exposure to changes in interest rates by entering into various interest rate hedge instruments such as interest rate swap contracts, treasury lock agreements and forward-starting interest rate swaps. We have historically utilized interest rate swaps to convert variable rate debt to fixed rate debt and to lock in fixed rates on future debt issuances. We reflect the current fair value of all interest rate hedge instruments as a component of either other current assets or accrued expenses and other. Our interest rate hedge instruments are designated as cash flow hedges. As of August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020 no such interest rate swaps were outstanding. Unrealized gains and losses on interest rate hedges are deferred in stockholders deficit as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss. These deferred gains and losses are recognized in income as a decrease or increase to interest expense in the period in which the related cash flows being hedged are recognized in expense. However, to the extent that the change in value of an interest rate hedge instrument does not perfectly offset the change in the value of the cash flow being hedged, that ineffective portion is immediately recognized in earnings. The fair value of our debt was estimated at 5.683 billion as of August 28, 2021, and 6.081 billion as of August 29, 2020, based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar debt issues or on the current rates available to us for debt having the same remaining maturities. Such fair value is greater than the carrying value of debt by 413.1 million and 567.5 million at August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, respectively, which reflects its face amount, adjusted for any unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts. We had no variable rate debt outstanding at August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020. We had outstanding fixed rate debt of 5.270 billion, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 30.2 million, at August 28, 2021, and 5.513 billion, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 36.6 million, at August 29, 2020. A one percentage point increase in interest rates would have reduced the fair value of our fixed rate debt by approximately 258.3 million at August 28, 2021. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Foreign Currency Risk Foreign currency exposures arising from transactions include firm commitments and anticipated transactions denominated in a currency other than our entities functional currencies. To minimize our risk, we generally enter into transactions denominated in the respective functional currencies. We are exposed to Brazilian reals, Canadian dollars, euros, Chinese yuan renminbi and British pounds, but our primary foreign currency exposure arises from Mexican peso-denominated revenues and profits and their translation into U.S. dollars. Foreign currency exposures arising from transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are not material. We view our investments in Mexican subsidiaries as long-term. As a result, we generally do not hedge these net investments. The net asset exposure in the Mexican subsidiaries translated into U.S. dollars using the year-end exchange rates was 310.1 million at August 28, 2021 and 293.1 million at August 29, 2020. The year-end exchange rates with respect to the Mexican peso increased by approximately 10 with respect to the U.S. dollar during fiscal 2021 and decreased by approximately 10 with respect to the U.S. dollar during fiscal 2020. The potential loss in value of our net assets in the Mexican subsidiaries resulting from a hypothetical 10 percent adverse change in quoted foreign currency exchange rates at August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, would have been approximately 28.2 million and approximately 26.6 million, respectively. Any changes in our net assets in the Mexican subsidiaries relating to foreign currency exchange rates would be reflected in the foreign currency translation component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, unless the Mexican subsidiaries are sold or otherwise disposed. A hypothetical 10 percent adverse change in average exchange rates would not have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Index 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 44 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 45 Consolidated Statements of Income 48 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 48 Consolidated Balance Sheets 49 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 50 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 51 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 52 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Our internal control over financial reporting includes, among other things, defined policies and procedures for conducting and governing our business, sophisticated information systems for processing transactions and properly trained staff. Mechanisms are in place to monitor the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, including regular testing performed by the Company s internal audit team. Actions are taken to correct deficiencies as they are identified. Our procedures for financial reporting include the active involvement of senior management, our Audit Committee and a staff of highly qualified financial and legal professionals. Management, with the participation of our principal executive and financial officers, assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of August 28, 2021, the end of our fiscal year. Management based its assessment on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 framework. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of August 28, 2021. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Ernst Young LLP s attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 28, 2021 is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

44 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of AutoZone, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited AutoZone Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of August 28, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, AutoZone, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 28, 2021, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 28, 2021, and the related notes and our report dated October 25, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Ernst Young LLP Memphis, Tennessee October 25, 2021 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of AutoZone, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AutoZone, Inc. (the Company) as of August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 28, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 28, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 28, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated October 25, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Valuation of Self-insurance Reserves Description of the Matter At August 28, 2021, the Company s self-insurance reserve estimate was 284 million. As more fully described in Note A of the consolidated financial statements, the Company retains a significant portion of the risks associated with workers compensation, general liability, product liability, property and vehicle insurance. Accordingly, the Company utilizes various methods, including analyses of historical trends and actuarial methods, to estimate the costs of these risks. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit Auditing the self-insurance reserve is complex and required the involvement of specialists due to the judgmental nature of estimating the costs to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. There are a number of factors and/or assumptions (e.g., severity, duration and frequency of claims, projected inflation of related factors, and the risk-free rate) used in the measurement process which have a significant effect on the estimated self-insurance reserve. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s controls over the self-insurance reserve process. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the self-insurance reserve calculations, the significant actuarial assumptions and the data inputs provided to the actuary. To evaluate the self-insurance reserve, our audit procedures included, among others, assessing the methodologies used, evaluating the significant actuarial assumptions discussed above and testing the completeness and the accuracy of the underlying claims data used by the Company. We compared the actuarial assumptions used by management to historical trends and evaluated the change in the self-insurance reserve from the prior year due to changes in these assumptions. In addition, we involved our actuarial specialists to assist in assessing the valuation methodologies and significant assumptions used in the valuation analysis, we evaluated management s methodology for determining the risk-free interest rate utilized in measuring the net present value of the long-term portion of the self-insurance reserve, we compared the significant assumptions used by management to industry accepted actuarial assumptions and we compared the Company s reserve to a range developed by our actuarial specialists based on assumptions developed by the specialists. /s/ Ernst Young LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 1988. Memphis, Tennessee October 25, 2021 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 AutoZone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Income August 28, August 29, August 31, 2021 2020 2019 (in thousands, except per share data) (52 weeks) (52 weeks) (53 weeks) Net sales Cost of sales, including warehouse and delivery expenses Gross profit Operating, selling, general and administrative expenses Operating profit Interest expense, net Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Weighted average shares for basic earnings per share Effect of dilutive stock equivalents Weighted average shares for diluted earnings per share Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. AutoZone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Year Ended August 28, August 29, August 31, 2021 2020 2019 (in thousands) (52 weeks) (52 weeks) (53 weeks) Net income Other comprehensive gain (loss) income: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized (losses) gains on marketable debt securities, net of taxes ) Net derivative activities, net of taxes ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (1) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 AutoZone, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets 

August 28, August 29, (in thousands) 2021 2020 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Merchandise inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment: Land Buildings and improvements Equipment Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Property and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Deferred income taxes Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable Current portion of operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other Income taxes payable Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities, less current portion Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders deficit: Preferred stock, authorized shares; shares issued Common stock, par value per share, authorized shares; shares issued and shares outstanding as of August 28, 2021; shares issued and shares outstanding as of August 29, 2020 Additional paid-in capital Retained deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders deficit See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 AutoZone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended August 28, August 29, August 31, 2021 2020 2019 (in thousands) (52 weeks) (52 weeks) (53 weeks) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and intangibles Amortization of debt origination fees Deferred income taxes ) Share-based compensation expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Merchandise inventories ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Income taxes payable ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Purchase of marketable debt securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of marketable debt securities Investment in tax credit equity investments ) ) Proceeds from disposal of capital assets and other, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net payments of commercial paper ) ) Proceeds from issuance of debt Repayment of debt ) ) ) Net proceeds from sale of common stock Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Repayment of principal portion of finance lease liabilities ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Interest paid, net of interest cost capitalized Income taxes paid Leased assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 AutoZone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 

Accumulated Common Additional Other Shares Common Paid-in Retained Comprehensive Treasury (in thousands) Issued Stock Capital Deficit Loss Stock Total Balance at August 25, 2018 ) ) ) ) Cumulative effect of adoption of ASU 2014-09 ) ) Balance at August 25, 2018, as adjusted ) ) ) ) Net income Total other comprehensive income ) ) Purchase of shares of treasury stock ) ) Retirement of treasury shares ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock options and stock purchase plans Share-based compensation expense Balance at August 31, 2019 ) ) ) ) Net income Total other comprehensive income ) ) Purchase of shares of treasury stock ) ) Retirement of treasury shares ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock options and stock purchase plans Share-based compensation expense Balance at August 29, 2020 ) ) ) ) Net income Total other comprehensive income Purchase of shares of treasury stock ) ) Retirement of treasury shares ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock options and stock purchase plans Share-based compensation expense Balance at August 28, 2021 ) ) ) ) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements stores in the U.S., stores in Mexico and stores in Brazil. Each store carries an extensive product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products. At the end of fiscal 2021, of the domestic stores had a commercial sales program that provides commercial credit and prompt delivery of parts and other products to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations and public sector accounts. The Company also had commercial programs in all stores in Mexico and Brazil. The Company also sells the ALLDATA brand automotive diagnostic, repair and shop management software through www.alldata.com. Additionally, the Company sells automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories, and non-automotive products through www.autozone.com, and its commercial customers can make purchases through www.autozonepro.com. The Company also provides product information on its Duralast branded products through www.duralastparts.com. The Company does not derive revenue from automotive repair or installation services. million as of August 28, 2021 and million as of August 29, 2020, and was included within the Other long-term assets caption in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. at the date of purchase. Cash equivalents include proceeds due from credit and debit card transactions with settlement terms of . Credit and debit card receivables included within cash and cash equivalents were million at August 28, 2021 and million at August 29, 2020. Cash balances are held in various locations around the world. Cash and cash equivalents of million and million were held outside of the U.S. as of August 28, 2021, and August 29, 2020, respectively, and were generally utilized to support the liquidity needs in foreign operations. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 million at August 28, 2021, and million at August 29, 2020. million at August 28, 2021, and million at August 29, 2020. ; building improvements, 5 to ; equipment, including software, 3 to ; and leasehold improvements, over the shorter of the asset s estimated useful life or the remaining lease term, which includes any reasonably assured renewal periods. Depreciation and amortization include amortization of assets under finance leases. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 million of goodwill, which is allocated to the Auto Parts Stores operating segment at August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020. The Company performs its annual impairment assessment in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, unless circumstances dictate more frequent assessments. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 and 2020, the Company concluded its remaining goodwill was not impaired. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 million and million at August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, respectively. The assumptions made by management in estimating its self-insurance reserves include consideration of historical cost experience, judgments about the present and expected levels of cost per claim and retention levels. The Company utilizes various methods, including analyses of historical trends and use of a specialist, to estimate the costs to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. The actuarial methods develop estimates of the future ultimate claim costs based on claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. When estimating these liabilities, the Company considers factors, such as the severity, duration and frequency of claims, legal costs associated with claims, healthcare trends and projected inflation of related factors. The Company s liabilities for workers compensation, general and product liability, property and vehicle claims do not have scheduled maturities; however, the timing of future payments is predictable based on historical patterns and is relied upon in determining the current portion of these liabilities. Accordingly, the Company reflects the net present value of the obligations it determines to be long-term using the risk-free interest rate as of the balance sheet date. Finance leases for vehicles typically have original terms between one and , and finance leases for real estate typically have terms of or more years. The Company subleases certain properties that are not used in its operations. Sublease income was not significant for the periods presented. Lease-related assets and liabilities are recognized for all leases with an initial term of 12 months or greater. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Company s sole discretion. The Company evaluates renewal options at commencement and on an ongoing basis and includes options that are reasonably certain to exercise in its expected lease terms when classifying leases and measuring lease liabilities. Certain lease agreements require variable payments based upon actual costs of common-area maintenance, real estate taxes and insurance. Lease components are not separated from the non-lease components (typically fixed common-area maintenance costs at its retail store locations) for all classes of leased assets, except vehicles which contain variable non-lease components that are expensed as incurred. The Company uses the stated borrowing rate in determining the present value of the lease payments over the lease term for vehicles. The Company s incremental borrowing rate is used to determine the present value of the lease payments over the lease term for substantially all the operating and financing leases for retail stores, distribution centers and other real estate, as these leases typically do not have a stated borrowing rate. For operating leases that commenced prior to the date of adoption of ASU 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842), the Company used the incremental borrowing rate that corresponded to the remaining lease term as of the date of adoption. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. (Refer to Note M Leases for additional disclosures regarding the Company s leases.) 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company reevaluates these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis or when new information becomes available to management. These reevaluations are based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, successfully settled issues under audit, expirations due to statutes and new audit activity. Such a change in recognition or measurement could result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an increase to the tax accrual. The Company classifies interest related to income tax liabilities, and if applicable, penalties, as a component of Income tax expense. The income tax liabilities and accrued interest and penalties are expected to be payable within one year of the balance sheet date are presented within the Accrued expenses and other caption in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The remaining portion of the income tax liabilities and accrued interest and penalties are presented within the Other long-term liabilities caption in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets because payment of cash is not anticipated within one year of the balance sheet date. (Refer to Note D Income Taxes for additional disclosures regarding the Company s income taxes.) 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 million in fiscal 2021, million in fiscal 2020 and million in fiscal 2019. Vendor promotional funds, which reduced advertising expense, amounted to million in fiscal 2021, million in fiscal 2020 and million in fiscal 2019. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 to lifetime. In most cases, the Company s vendors are primarily responsible for warranty claims. Warranty costs relating to merchandise sold under warranty not covered by vendors are estimated and recorded as warranty obligations at the time of sale based on each product s historical return rate. These obligations, which are often funded by vendor allowances, are recorded within the Accrued expenses and other caption in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For vendor allowances in excess of the related estimated warranty expense for the vendor s products, the excess is recorded in inventory and recognized as a reduction to cost of sales as the related inventory is sold. , and stock options excluded for the year ended August 28, 2021, August 29, 2020 and August 31, 2019, respectively because they would have been anti-dilutive. class of similar products accounted for approximately percent of the Company s total revenues, and percent of the Company s total purchases. No other class of similar products accounted for percent or more of total revenues , and no other individual vendor provided more than percent of total purchases. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 percent of his or her annual salary and bonus. Amended and Restated AutoZone, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan On December 15, 2010, the Company s stockholders approved the 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the 2011 Plan ), allowing the Company to provide equity-based compensation to non-employee directors and employees for their service to AutoZone or its subsidiaries or affiliates. Prior to the Company s adoption of the 2011 Plan, equity-based compensation was provided to employees under the 2006 Stock Option Plan and to non-employee directors under the 2003 Director Compensation Plan (the 2003 Comp Plan ). During fiscal 2016, the Company s stockholders approved the Amended and Restated AutoZone, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the Amended 2011 Equity Plan ). The Amended 2011 Equity Plan imposes a maximum limit on the compensation, measured as the sum of any cash compensation and the aggregate grant date fair value of awards granted under the Amended 2011 Equity Plan, which may be paid to non-employee directors for such service during any calendar year. The Amended 2011 Equity Plan also applies a term on the Amended 2011 Equity Plan through December 16, 2025 and extends the Company s ability to grant incentive stock options under the Amended 2011 Equity Plan through October 7, 2025. AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan On December 16, 2020, the Company s stockholders approved the AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan (the 2020 Omnibus Plan ), which serves as the successor to the Amended 2011 Equity Plan. The 2020 Omnibus Plan provides equity-based compensation to our non-employee directors and employees for their service to AutoZone or our subsidiaries or affiliates. Under the 2020 Omnibus Plan, participants may receive equity-based compensation in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, dividend equivalents, deferred stock, stock payments, performance based awards, cash based awards and other incentive awards structured by the Compensation Committee and the Board within parameters set forth in the 2020 Omnibus Plan. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 million for fiscal 2021, million for fiscal 2020 and million for fiscal 2019. As of August 28, 2021, share-based compensation expense for unvested awards not yet recognized in earnings is million and will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. General terms and methods of valuation for the Company s share-based awards are as follows: Stock Options The Company grants options to purchase common stock to certain of its employees under its plan at prices equal to the market value of the stock on the date of grant. Options have a term of from grant date. Employee options generally vest in equal annual installments on the first, second, third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date and generally have 30 or after the service relationship ends, or after death, to exercise all vested options. The fair value of each option grant is separately estimated for each vesting date. The fair value of each option is amortized into compensation expense on a straight-line basis between the grant date for the award and each vesting date. The Company has estimated the fair value of all stock option awards as of the date of the grant by applying the Black-Scholes-Merton multiple-option pricing valuation model. The following table presents the weighted average for key assumptions used in determining the fair value of options granted and the related share-based compensation expense: Risk-free interest rate Weighted average expected lives (in years) Forfeiture rate Dividend yield The following methodologies were applied in developing the assumptions used in determining the fair value of options granted: Expected price volatility This is a measure of the amount by which a price has fluctuated or is expected to fluctuate. The Company uses actual historical changes in the market value of its stock to calculate the volatility assumption as it is management s belief that this is the best indicator of future volatility. The Company calculates daily market value changes from the date of grant over a past period representative of the expected life of the options to determine volatility. An increase in the expected volatility will increase compensation expense. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 during fiscal 2021, during fiscal 2020 and during fiscal 2019. The intrinsic value of options exercised was million in fiscal 2021, million in fiscal 2020 and million in fiscal 2019. The total fair value of options vested was million in fiscal 2021, million in fiscal 2020 and million in fiscal 2019. Granted Exercised ) Cancelled ) Outstanding August 28, 2021 Exercisable Expected to vest Available for future grants Restricted Stock Units Restricted stock unit awards are valued at the market price of a share of the Company s stock on the date of grant and vest ratably on an annual basis over a service period and are payable in shares of common stock on the vesting date. Compensation expense for grants of employee restricted stock units is recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period, less estimated forfeitures, which are consistent with stock option forfeiture assumptions. As of August 28, 2021, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to nonvested restricted stock unit awards, net of estimated forfeitures, was approximately million, before income taxes, which we expect to recognize over an estimated weighted average period of years. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Granted Vested ) Canceled or forfeited ) Nonvested at August 28, 2021 Stock Appreciation Rights At August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, the Company had million and million, respectively of accrued compensation expense. There were outstanding units issued under the 2003 Comp Plan and prior plans. As directors retire, this balance will be reduced. additional shares of stock or units will be issued in future years under the 2003 Comp Plan or prior plans. Employee Stock Purchase Plan and Executive Stock Purchase Plan The Company recognized million in compensation expense related to the discount on the selling of shares to employees and executives under the various share purchase plans in fiscal 2021, million in fiscal 2020 and million in fiscal 2019. Under the Employee Plan, , and shares were sold to employees in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The Company repurchased , and shares in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, all at market value from employees electing to sell their stock. Purchases under the Executive Plan were , and shares in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Issuances of shares under the Employee Plan are netted against repurchases and such repurchases are not included in share repurchases disclosed in Note K Stock Repurchase Program. At August 28, 2021, shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance under the Employee Plan, and shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance under the Executive Plan. Property, sales and other taxes Medical and casualty insurance claims (current portion) Finance lease liabilities Accrued interest Accrued gift cards Accrued sales and warranty returns Other The Company retains a significant portion of the insurance risks associated with workers compensation, employee health, general, product liability, property and vehicle insurance. A portion of these self-insured losses is managed through a wholly owned insurance captive. The Company maintains certain levels for stop-loss coverage for each self-insured plan in order to limit its liability for large claims. The retained limits per claim type are million for workers compensation, million for auto liability, million for property and million for general and product liability. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 International State International Deferred: Federal ) State ) International ) ) ) Income tax expense State income taxes, net Share-based compensation ) ) ) Impact of tax reform ) Global intangible lower-taxed income GILTI Foreign Tax Credits ) ) ) Other ) ) Effective tax rate For the year ended August 28, 2021, August 29, 2020, and August 31, 2019, the Company recognized excess tax benefits from stock option exercises of million, million, and million, respectively. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Accrued benefits Operating lease liabilities Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowances ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment ) ) Inventory ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Operating lease assets ) ) Other ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) For the year ended August 31, 2019, the Company held the assertion, with few exceptions, that current and accumulated earnings from foreign operations were not indefinitely reinvested. During the year ended August 29, 2020, the Company asserted indefinite reinvestment for basis differences and accumulated earnings through fiscal 2020 with respect to its foreign subsidiaries. For the year ended August 28, 2021, the Company does not assert permanent reinvestment of current year earnings with respect to its Mexican subsidiaries while maintaining its assertion of indefinite reinvestment of earnings of other foreign subsidiaries. Where necessary, taxes resulting from foreign distributions of current and accumulated earnings (e.g., withholding taxes) have been considered in the Company s provision for income taxes. As of August 28, 2021, we have not recorded incremental income taxes for outside basis differences of million in our investments in foreign subsidiaries, as these amounts are indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to the outside basis differences in these entities is not practicable. At August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, the Company had net operating loss NOL carryforwards totaling million million tax effected) and million million tax effected), respectively. Certain NOLs have no expiration date and others will expire, if not utilized, in various years from fiscal through . At August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, the Company had deferred tax assets for income tax credit carryforwards of and million, respectively. Income tax credit carryforwards will expire, if not utilized, in various years from fiscal through . 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively, on deferred tax assets associated with NOL and tax credit carryforwards for which management has determined it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Management believes it is more likely than not that the remaining deferred tax assets will be fully realized. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: August 28, August 29, (in thousands) 2021 2020 Beginning balance Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) Reductions due to settlements ) Reductions due to statute of limitations ) ) Ending balance Included in the August 28, 2021 and the August 29, 2020 balances are million and million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would reduce the Company s effective tax rate. The balances above also include amounts of million and million for August 28, 2021 and the August 29, 2020, respectively, that are accounted for as reductions to deferred tax assets for NOL carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. It is anticipated that in the event the associated uncertain tax positions are disallowed, the NOL carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards would be utilized to settle the liability. The Company accrues interest on unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. Penalties, if incurred, would be recognized as a component of income tax expense. The Company had million and million accrued for the payment of interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits at August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, respectively. The Company files U.S. federal, U.S. state and local, and international income tax returns. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, U.S. state and local, or Non-U.S. examinations by tax authorities for fiscal year 2016 and prior. The Company is typically engaged in various tax examinations at any given time by U.S. federal, U.S. state and local, and Non-U.S. taxing jurisdictions. As of August 28, 2021, the Company estimates that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits could be reduced by approximately million over the next twelve months as a result of tax audit settlements. While the Company believes that it is adequately accrued for possible audit adjustments, the final resolution of these examinations cannot be determined at this time and could result in final settlements that differ from current estimates. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Other long-term assets August 29, 2020 (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Fair Value Other current assets Other long-term assets At August 28, 2021, the fair value measurement amounts for assets and liabilities recorded in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet consisted of short-term marketable debt securities of million, which are included within Other current assets and long-term marketable debt securities of million, which are included in Other long-term assets. The Company s marketable debt securities are typically valued at the closing price in the principal active market as of the last business day of the quarter or through the use of other market inputs relating to the debt securities, including benchmark yields and reported trades. A discussion on how the Company s cash flow hedges are valued is included in Note H Derivative Financial Instruments, while the fair values of the marketable debt securities by asset class are described in Note F Marketable Debt Securities. Non-Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis Certain non-financial assets and liabilities are required to be measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis in certain circumstances, including the event of impairment. These non-financial assets and liabilities could include assets and liabilities acquired in an acquisition as well as goodwill, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment that are determined to be impaired. At August 28, 2021, the Company did not have any other significant non-financial assets or liabilities that had been measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis subsequent to initial recognition. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 ) Government bonds ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Asset-backed securities and other ) ) August 29, 2020 Amortized Gross Gross Cost Unrealized Unrealized Fair (in thousands) Basis Gains Losses Value Corporate debt securities ) Government bonds Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities and other ) ) The marketable debt securities held at August 28, 2021, had effective maturities ranging from . The Company did not realize any material gains or losses on its marketable debt securities during fiscal 2021, 2020 or 2019. In evaluating whether a credit loss exists for the marketable debt securities, the Company considers factors such as the severity of the loss position, the credit worthiness of the investee, the term to maturity and the intent and ability to hold the investments until maturity or recovery of fair value. An allowance for credit losses was deemed unnecessary given consideration of the factors above. Included above in total marketable debt securities are million and million of marketable debt securities transferred by the Company s insurance captive to a trust account to secure its obligations to an insurance company related to future workers compensation and casualty losses as of August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, respectively. 
 67 

Table of Contents) ) ) Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (2)(3) Balance at August 29, 2020 ) ) ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income (2)(3) Balance at August 28, 2021 ) ) ) (1) Foreign currency is shown net of U.S. tax to account for foreign currency impacts of certain undistributed non-U.S. subsidiaries earnings. Other foreign currency is not shown net of additional U.S. tax as other basis differences of non-U.S. subsidiaries are intended to be permanently reinvested (2) Amounts in parentheses indicate debits to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss. (3) Amounts shown are net of taxes/tax benefits. million recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss related to net realized losses associated with terminated interest rate swap and treasury rate lock derivatives which were designated as hedging instruments. Net losses are amortized into Interest expense over the remaining life of the associated debt. During fiscal 2021, the Company reclassified million of net losses from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss to Interest expense. During fiscal 2020, the Company reclassified million of net losses from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss to Interest expense. The Company expects to reclassify million of net losses from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss to Interest expense over the next 12 months. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Senior Notes due , effective interest rate of Senior Notes due , effective interest rate of Senior Notes due , effective interest rate of Senior Notes due , effective interest rate of Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate of Senior Notes due , effective interest rate of Senior Notes due , effective interest rate of Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate of Total debt before discounts and debt issuance costs Less: Discounts and debt issuance costs Long-term debt The Company entered into a Master Extension, New Commitment and Amendment Agreement dated as of November 18, 2017 (the Extension Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 18, 2016, as amended, modified, extended or restated from time to time (the Revolving Credit Agreement ). Under the Extension Amendment: (i) the Company s borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Agreement was increased from billion to billion; (ii) the maximum borrowing under the Revolving Credit Agreement may, at the Company s option, subject to lenders approval, be increased from billion to billion; (iii) the termination date of the Revolving Credit Agreement was extended from until ; and (iv) the Company has the option to make one additional written request of the lenders to extend the termination date then in effect for an additional year. As of August 28, 2021, the Company had outstanding borrowings and million of outstanding letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Agreement. The Company intends to amend and restate its Revolving Credit Agreement and anticipates closing the agreement during the first quarter of fiscal year 2022. Under the Company s Revolving Credit Agreement, covenants include restrictions on liens, a maximum debt to earnings ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a change of control provision that may require acceleration of the repayment obligations under certain circumstances. The Revolving Credit Agreement requires that the Company s consolidated interest coverage ratio as of the last day of each quarter shall be no less than :1. This ratio is defined as the ratio of (i) consolidated earnings before interest, taxes and rents to (ii) consolidated interest expense plus consolidated rents. The Company s consolidated interest coverage ratio as of August 28, 2021 was :1. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 borrowings outstanding under the 364-Day Credit Agreement. The Company entered into the 364-Day Credit Agreement to augment its access to liquidity due to macroeconomic conditions existing at the time, and the Company determined the additional access to liquidity was no longer necessary. As of August 28, 2021, the million Senior Notes due April 2022 are classified as long-term in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as the Company has the ability and intent to refinance them on a long-term basis through available capacity in its Revolving Credit Agreement. As of August 28, 2021, the Company had billion of availability under its billion Revolving Credit Agreement, which would allow the Company to replace these short-term obligations with a long-term financing facility. On March 15, 2021 the Company repaid the million Senior Notes due April 2021, which were callable at par in March 2021. On August 14, 2020, the Company issued million in Senior Notes due January 2031 under its automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3, filed with the SEC on April 4, 2019 (File No. 333-230719) (the 2019 Shelf Registration Statement ). The 2019 Shelf Registration Statement allows the Company to sell an indeterminate amount in debt securities to fund general corporate purposes, including repaying, redeeming or repurchasing outstanding debt and for working capital, capital expenditures, new store openings, stock repurchases and acquisitions. Proceeds from the debt issuance were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of the million in Senior Notes due in November 2020 that were callable at par in August 2020. On March 30, 2020, the Company issued million in Senior Notes due April 2025 and million in Senior Notes due April 2030 under the 2019 Shelf Registration Statement. Proceeds from the debt issuance were used to repay a portion of the outstanding commercial paper borrowings and for other general corporate purposes. On April 18, 2019, the Company issued million in Senior Notes due April 2024 and million in Senior Notes due April 2029 under the 2019 Shelf Registration Statement. Proceeds from the debt issuance were used to repay a portion of the outstanding commercial paper borrowings, the million in Senior Notes due in April 2019 and for other general corporate purposes. All Senior Notes are subject to an interest rate adjustment if the debt ratings assigned to the Senior Notes are downgraded (as defined in the agreements). Further, the Senior Notes contain a provision that repayment of the Senior Notes may be accelerated if the Company experiences a change in control (as defined in the agreements). The Company s borrowings under its senior notes contain minimal covenants, primarily restrictions on liens. All of the repayment obligations under its borrowing arrangements may be accelerated and come due prior to the scheduled payment date if covenants are breached or an event of default occurs. Interest for Senior Notes is paid on a semi-annual basis. The Company also maintains a letter of credit facility that allows it to request the participating bank to issue letters of credit on its behalf up to an aggregate amount of million. The letter of credit facility is in addition to the letters of credit that may be issued under the Revolving Credit Agreement. As of August 28, 2021, the Company had million in letters of credit outstanding under the letter of credit facility which expires in June 2022. In addition to the outstanding letters of credit issued under the committed facility discussed above, the Company had million in letters of credit outstanding as of August 28, 2021. These letters of credit have various maturity dates and were issued on an uncommitted basis. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 billion as of August 28, 2021, and billion as of August 29, 2020, based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or on the current rates available to the Company for debt of the same terms (Level 2). Such fair value is greater than the carrying value of debt by million and million at August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, respectively. This amount reflects face amount, adjusted for any unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts. All of the Company s debt is unsecured. Scheduled maturities of debt are as follows: 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Subtotal Discount and debt issuance costs Total Debt Interest income ) ) ) Capitalized interest ) ) ) billion from billion and on March 23, 2021 to increase the repurchase authorization to billion. The Company has million remaining under the Board s authorization to repurchase its common stock. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Shares During fiscal year 2021, the Company retired million shares of treasury stock which had previously been repurchased under the Company s share repurchase program. The retirement increased Retained deficit by billion and decreased Additional paid-in capital by million. During the comparable prior year period, the Company retired million shares of treasury stock, which increased Retained deficit by billion and decreased Additional paid-in capital by million. Beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company restarted share repurchases under its share repurchase program, which had been temporarily suspended during fiscal 2020 in response to the uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company will continue to evaluate current and expected business conditions and adjust the level of share repurchases under its share repurchase program as it deems appropriate. On October 5, 2021, the Board voted to authorize the repurchase of an additional billion of the Company s common stock in connection with the Company s ongoing share repurchase program. Since the inception of the repurchase program in 1998, the Board has authorized billion in share repurchases. Subsequent to August 28, 2021 and through October 18, 2021, the Company has repurchased shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of million. Considering the cumulative repurchases and the increase in authorization subsequent to August 28, 2021, the Company has billion remaining under the Board s authorization to repurchase its common stock. vesting of Company contributions and a savings option up to of qualified earnings. The Company makes matching contributions, per pay period, up to a specified percentage of employees contributions as approved by the Board. The Company made matching contributions to employee accounts in connection with the 401(k) plan of million in fiscal 2021, million in fiscal 2020 and million in fiscal 2019. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Finance Property and equipment Total lease assets Liabilities: Current: Operating Current portion of operating lease liabilities Finance Accrued expenses and other Noncurrent: Operating Operating lease liabilities, less current portion Finance Other long-term liabilities Total lease liabilities Accumulated amortization related to finance lease assets was million as of August 28, 2021 and million as of August 29, 2020. Lease costs for finance and operating leases for the 52 weeks ended August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020 are as follows: Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense, net Operating lease cost (1) Selling, general and administrative expenses Total lease cost (1) Includes short-term leases, variable lease costs and sublease income, which are immaterial. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) ) ) Present value of lease liabilities The following table summarizes the Company s lease term and discount rate assumptions: Finance leases vehicles Operating leases Weighted-average discount rate: Finance leases real estate Finance leases vehicles Operating leases Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities of million and million was reflected in cash flows from operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows for fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of August 28, 2021, the Company has entered into additional leases which have not yet commenced and are therefore not part of the right-of-use asset and liability. These leases have undiscounted future payments of approximately million and million for real estate and vehicles, respectively, and will commence when the Company obtains possession of the underlying leased asset. Commencement dates are expected to be from fiscal to fiscal . million at August 28, 2021. The Company had million in outstanding standby letters of credit and million in surety bonds as of August 28, 2021, which all have expiration periods of . A substantial portion of the outstanding standby letters of credit (which are primarily renewed on an annual basis) and surety bonds are used to cover reimbursement obligations to our workers compensation carriers. There are no additional contingent liabilities associated with these instruments as the underlying liabilities are already reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The standby letters of credit and surety bonds arrangements have automatic renewal clauses. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 reportable segment: Auto Parts Stores. The criteria the Company used to identify the reportable segment are primarily the nature of the products the Company sells and the operating results that are regularly reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision maker to make decisions about the resources to be allocated to the business units and to assess performance. The accounting policies of the Company s reportable segment are the same as those described in Note A Significant Accounting Policies. The Auto Parts Stores segment is a retailer and distributor of automotive parts and accessories through the Company s stores in the U.S., Mexico and Brazil. Each store carries an extensive product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products. The Other category reflects business activities of operating segments that are not separately reportable due to the materiality of these operating segments. The operating segments include ALLDATA, which produces, sells and maintains diagnostic and repair information software used in the automotive repair industry and E-commerce, which includes direct sales to customers through www.autozone.com for sales that are not fulfilled by local stores. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Other Total Segment Profit Auto Parts Stores Other Gross profit Operating, selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Income before income taxes Segment Assets: Auto Parts Stores Other Total Capital Expenditures: Auto Parts Stores Other Total Auto Parts Stores Sales by Product Grouping: Failure Maintenance items Discretionary Auto Parts Stores net sales 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Not applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of August 28, 2021, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of AutoZone s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as amended. Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of August 28, 2021. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A report of AutoZone s management on our internal control over financial reporting (as such term defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) and a report of Ernst Young, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, on the effectiveness of AutoZone s internal control over financial reporting are included in Part I, Item 8 of this document and is incorporated herein by reference. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reportings There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended August 28, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm Our internal control over financial reporting as of August 28, 2021 has been audited by Ernst Young, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, which also audited our Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended August 28, 2021, as stated in their report included herein, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 28, 2021. Item 9B. Other Information Not applicable. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information set forth in Part I, Item 1 of this document in the section entitled Information about our Executive Officers, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. Additionally, the information contained in AutoZone, Inc. s Proxy Statement dated October 25, 2021, in the sections entitled Corporate Governance Matters, Proposal 1 Election of Directors and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. The Company has adopted a Code of Ethical Conduct for Financial Executives that applies to its chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief accounting officer and other financial executives. The Company has made the Code of Ethical Conduct available at www.autozone.com, which can be accessed by clicking Investor Relations located at the bottom of the page. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information contained in AutoZone, Inc. s Proxy Statement dated October 25, 2021, in the section entitled Executive Compensation, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information contained in AutoZone, Inc. s Proxy Statement dated October 25, 2021, in the sections entitled Security Ownership of Management and Board of Directors, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Equity Compensation Plans is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information contained in AutoZone, Inc s Proxy Statement dated October 25, 2021, in the sections entitled Related Party Transactions and Corporate Governance Matters Independence is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information contained in AutoZone, Inc. s Proxy Statement dated October 25, 2021, in the section entitled Proposal 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules The following information required under this item is filed as part of this report. (a) Financial Statements The following financial statements, related notes and reports of independent registered public accounting firm are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Part II, Item 8: 

 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended August 28, 2021, August 29, 2020 and August 31, 2019 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended August 28, 2021, August 29, 2020 and August 31, 2019 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended August 28, 2021, August 29, 2020 and August 31, 2019 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the fiscal years ended August 28, 2021, August 29, 2020 and August 31, 2019 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (b) Exhibits The following exhibits are being filed herewith: 

3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation of AutoZone, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 13, 1999. 3.2 Seventh Amended and Restated By-Laws of AutoZone, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 19, 2018. 4.1 Indenture dated as of August 8, 2003, between AutoZone, Inc. and Bank One Trust Company, N.A. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-107828) filed August 11, 2003. 4.2 Officers Certificate dated April 24, 2012, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 3.700 Senior Notes due 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 24, 2012. 4.3 Form of 3.700 Senior Notes due 2022. Incorporated by reference from the Form 8-K dated April 24, 2012 . 4.4 Officers Certificate dated November 13, 2012, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 2.875 Senior Notes due 2023. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 13, 2012. 4.5 Form of 2.875 Senior Notes due 2023. Incorporated by reference from the Form 8-K dated November 13, 2012. 4.6 Officers Certificate dated April 29, 2013, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 3.125 Senior Notes due 2023. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 29, 2013. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 4.7 Form of 3.125 Senior Notes due 2023. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K dated April 29, 2013. 4.8 Officers Certificate dated April 29, 2015, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 2.500 Senior Notes due 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 29, 2015. 4.9 Form of 2.500 Senior Notes dated 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 29, 2015. 4.10 Officers Certificate dated April 29, 2015, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 3.250 Senior Notes due 2025. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 29, 2015. 4.11 Form of 3.250 Senior Notes due 2025. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 29, 2015. 4.12 Officers Certificate dated April 21, 2016, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 3.125 Senior Notes due 2026. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 21, 2016. 4.13 Form 3.125 Senior Notes due 2026. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 21, 2016. 4.14 Officers Certificate dated April 18, 2017, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 3.750 Senior Notes due 2027. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2017. 4.15 Form of 3.750 Senior Notes due 2027. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2017. 4.16 Officers Certificate dated April 18, 2019, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 3.125 Senior Notes due 2024. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2019. 4.17 Officers Certificate dated April 18, 2019, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 3.750 Senior Notes due 2029. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2019. 4.18 Form of 3.125 Senior Notes due 2024. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2019. 4.19 Form of 3.750 Senior Notes due 2029. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2019. 4.20 Officers Certificate dated March 30, 2020, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture, dated March 30, 2020, setting forth the terms of the 3.625 Senior Notes due 2025. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 30, 2020. 4.21 Officers Certificate dated March 30, 2020, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture, dated March 30, 2020, setting forth the terms of the 4.000 Senior Notes due 2030. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 30, 2020. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 4.22 Form of 3.625 Note due 2025. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 30, 2020. 4.23 Form of 4.000 Note due 2030. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 30, 2020. 4.24 Form of 4.000 Note due 2030. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 30, 2020. 4.25 Form of 1.650 Note due 2031. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 14, 2020. 4.26 Form of 1.650 Note due 2031. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 14, 2020. 4.27 Officers Certificate dated August 14, 2020, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture, dated August 14, 2020, setting forth the terms of the 1.650 Senior Notes due 2031. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 14, 2020. 4.28 Description of Securities of AutoZone, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.24 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K dated October 28, 2019. 10.1 Second Amended and Restated 1998 Director Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 26, 2000. 10.2 AutoZone, Inc. 2003 Director Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Appendix D to the definitive proxy statement dated November 1, 2002, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held December 12, 2002. 10.3 Third Amendment to the AutoZone, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K dated December 12, 2012. 10.4 AutoZone, Inc. 2006 Stock Option Plan. Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the definitive proxy statement dated October 25, 2006, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held December 13, 2006. 10.5 Form of Stock Option Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 25, 2007. 10.6 Amended and Restated AutoZone, Inc. 2003 Director Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 4, 2008. 10.7 Form of non-compete and non-solicitation agreement for Section 16 executive officers and by AutoZone, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 15, 2008. 10.8 Agreement dated February 14, 2008, between AutoZone, Inc. and William C. Rhodes, III. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 15, 2008. 10.9 AutoZone, Inc. 2015 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the definitive proxy statement dated October 27, 2014, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held December 18, 2014. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 10.10 AutoZone, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the definitive proxy statement dated October 25, 2010, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held December 15, 2010. 10.11 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2006 Stock Option Plan, effective September 2010. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated December 16, 2010. 10.12 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2006 Stock Option Plan for certain executive officers, effective September 2010. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated December 16, 2010. 10.13 Form of Letter Agreement dated as of December 14, 2010, amending certain Stock Option Agreements of executive officers. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated December 16, 2010. 10.14 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated March 17, 2011. 10.15 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan for officers effective September 27, 2011. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 27, 2011. 10.16 First Amended and Restated AutoZone, Inc. Enhanced Severance Pay Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated March 17, 2011. 10.17 Reserved. 10.18 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan for certain executive officers effective September 27, 2011. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 27, 2011. 10.19 Second Amendment to the AutoZone, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 14, 2011. 10.20 Offer letter dated August 5, 2020, to Jamere Jackson. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K dated September 14, 2020. 10.21 Amended and Restated AutoZone, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan dated December 17, 2013. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated March 25, 2014. 10.22 AutoZone, Inc. Director Compensation Program effective January 1, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q date March 19, 2021. 10.23 Amended and Restated AutoZone, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan dated December 16, 2015. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the definitive proxy statement dated October 26, 2015, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held December 16, 2015. 10.24 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 18, 2016, among AutoZone, Inc., as Borrower, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 21, 2016. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 10.25 AutoZone, Inc. Sixth Amended and Restated Executive Stock Purchase Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the definitive proxy statement dated October 24, 2016, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held December 14, 2016. 10.26 Master Extension, New Commitment and Amendment Agreement dated as of November 18, 2017 among AutoZone, Inc. as Borrower; Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent and Swingline Lender; JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Syndication Agent; Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated and J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Joint Lead Arrangers; Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., U.S. Bank National Association, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and Barclay s Capital as Joint Book Runners; SunTrust Bank, U.S. Bank National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Barclay s Bank PLC as Documentation Agents; and the several lenders party thereto. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on the Form 8-K dated November 22, 2017. 10.27 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan for officers effective September 27, 2011. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated December 17, 2018. 10.28 364-Day Credit Agreement dated April 3, 2020, by and among the Company, as borrower, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and U.S. Bank, National Association., as administrative agent for the lenders. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 7, 2020. 10.29 AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 17, 2020. 10.30 Form of Grant Notice and Award Agreement for Stock Options granted to Officers under the AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 17, 2020. 10.31 Form of Grant Notice and Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units granted to Officers under the AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 17, 2020. 10.32 Form of Grant Notice and Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units granted to Directors under the AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 17, 2020. 10.33 AutoZone, Inc. Director Compensation Program. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 10-Q dated March 19, 2021. 10.34 Amendment No. 1 to the AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan . 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 104 Cover Page XBRL File Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. (c) Financial Statement Schedules Schedules are omitted because the information is not required or because the information required is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AUTOZONE, INC. By: /s/ WILLIAM C. RHODES, III William C. Rhodes, III Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: October 25, 2021 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

SIGNATURE TITLE DATE /s/ WILLIAM C. RHODES, III Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer October 25, 2021 William C. Rhodes, III (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ JAMERE JACKSON Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice October 25, 2021 Jamere Jackson President Finance and Store Development (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ CHARLIE PLEAS, III Senior Vice President and Controller October 25, 2021 Charlie Pleas, III (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ DOUGLAS H. BROOKS Director October 25, 2021 Douglas H. Brooks /s/ MICHAEL M. CALBERT Director October 25, 2021 Michael M. Calbert /s/ LINDA A. GOODSPEED Director October 25, 2021 Linda A. Goodspeed /s/ EARL G. GRAVES, JR. Director October 25, 2021 Earl, G. Graves, Jr. /s/ ENDERSON GUIMARAES Director October 25, 2021 Enderson Guimaraes /s/ D. BRYAN JORDAN Director October 25, 2021 D. Bryan Jordan /s/ GALE V. KING Director October 25, 2021 Gale V. King /s/ GEORGE R. MRKONIC, JR. Director October 25, 2021 George R. Mrkonic, Jr. /s/ JILL A. SOLTAU Director October 25, 2021 Jill A. Soltau 
 86 

<EX-10.34>
 2
 azo-20210828xex10d34.htm
 EX-10.34

Exhibit 10.34 AUTOZONE, INC. AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO 2020 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN This Amendment No. 1 to the AutoZone, Inc. (the Company 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan (the Amendment ), hereby amends the Company s 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan (the Plan as provided below. 1. Amendment . Article 4 of the Plan is hereby amended by adding Section 4.8 as follows: 
 4.8 Minimum Vesting Period . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, equity-based Awards granted under the Plan shall vest no earlier than the first anniversary of the date the Award is granted (excluding, for this purpose, any (i) Substitute Awards, (ii) Shares delivered in lieu of fully vested Cash-Based Awards and (iii) Awards to Non-Employee Directors that vest on the earlier of the one year anniversary of the date of grant or the next annual meeting of stockholders which is at least 50 weeks after the immediately preceding year s annual meeting); provided, that, the Administrator may grant equity-based Awards without regard to the foregoing minimum vesting requirement with respect to a maximum of five percent (5 of the Share Limit (subject to adjustment under Section 13.2); and, provided further, for the avoidance of doubt, that the foregoing restriction does not apply to the Administrator s discretion to provide for accelerated exercisability or vesting of any Award, including in cases of retirement, death, Disability or a Change in Control, in the terms of the Award or otherwise. 2. Miscellaneous . Except as amended by this Amendment, the Plan shall remain in full force and effect. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 azo-20210828xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

NAME STATE OR COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION OR INCORPORATION ALLDATA LLC Nevada AutoZone.com, Inc. Nevada AutoZone de M xico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico AutoZone Development LLC Nevada AutoZone IP LLC Nevada AutoZone Northeast LLC Nevada AutoZone Parts, Inc. Nevada AutoZone Puerto Rico, Inc. Puerto Rico AutoZone Stores LLC Nevada AutoZone Texas LLC Nevada AutoZone West LLC Nevada Riverside Captive Insurance Company Arizona 
 In addition, 44 subsidiaries operating in the United States and 27 subsidiaries operating outside of the United States have been omitted as they would not, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, constitute a significant subsidiary as defined by Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 azo-20210828xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-139559) pertaining to the AutoZone, Inc. 2006 Stock Option Plan Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-103665) pertaining to the AutoZone, Inc. 2003 Director Compensation Award Plan Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-42797) pertaining to the AutoZone, Inc. Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-88241) pertaining to the AutoZone, Inc. Amended and Restated Director Compensation Plan Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-75140) pertaining to the AutoZone, Inc. Executive Stock Purchase Plan Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-171186) pertaining to the AutoZone, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan Registration Statement (Form S-3ASR No. 333-180768) pertaining to a shelf registration to sell debt securities Registration Statement (Form S-3ASR No. 333-203439) pertaining to a shelf registration to sell debt securities Registration Statement (Form S-3ASR No. 333-230719) pertaining to a shelf registration to sell debt securities Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-251506) pertaining to the AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan; of our reports dated October 25, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of AutoZone, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of AutoZone, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of AutoZone, Inc. for the year ended August 28, 2021. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP Memphis, Tennessee October 25, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 azo-20210828xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, William C. Rhodes, III, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AutoZone, Inc. registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

October 25, 2021 /s/ WILLIAM C. RHODES, III William C. Rhodes, III Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 azo-20210828xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jamere Jackson, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AutoZone, Inc. registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

October 25, 2021 /s/ JAMERE JACKSON Jamere Jackson Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Finance and Store Development (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 azo-20210828xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of AutoZone, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 28, 2021 as filed with the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), I, William C. Rhodes, III, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

October 25, 2021 /s/ WILLIAM C. RHODES, III William C. Rhodes, III Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 azo-20210828xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of AutoZone, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 28, 2021, as filed with the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jamere Jackson, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

October 25, 2021 /s/ JAMERE JACKSON Jamere Jackson Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Finance and Store Development (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 azo-20210828.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 azo-20210828_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 azo-20210828_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 azo-20210828_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

