<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211214_10-K_edgar_data_1715433_0001493152-21-031425.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9201083</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>244013</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1271887</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3236548</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1855206</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2343868</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-031425.hdr.sgml : 20211214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211214170320
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-031425
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Leader Capital Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001715433
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				371853394
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56159
		FILM NUMBER:		211491758

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 2708-09, METROPOLIS TOWER
		STREET 2:		10 METROPOLIS DRIVE
		CITY:			HUNG HOM
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852 3487 6378

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 2708-09, METROPOLIS TOWER
		STREET 2:		10 METROPOLIS DRIVE
		CITY:			HUNG HOM
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-031425.txt : 20211214

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from_________ to __________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

 , , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

+ 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common
Stock, 0.0001 par value per share 
(Title of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of February 28,
2021, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately
 million based
upon the closing sale price reported on Friday, February 26, 2021 on the OTC Marketplace. 

As
of December 10, 2021, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.0001, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

LEADER
CAPITAL HOLDINGS CORP. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 7 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 18 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 18 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 18 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosure 
 18 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters And Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 19 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 25 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 25 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 25 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 26 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 27 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 27 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 28 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 30 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 31 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 32 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 35 

PART
 IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 36 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 37 

2 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATION 

 CONTAINED
IN THIS REPORT 

This
annual report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ),
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements give
our current expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly
to historical or current facts. You can find many (but not all) of these statements by looking for words such as approximates, 
 believes, hopes, expects, anticipates, estimates, projects, 
 intends, plans, would, should, could, may, 
or other similar expressions in this Form 10-K. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, future performance,
anticipated expenses, or projected financial results. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. These
risks and uncertainties include the following: 

the
 availability and adequacy of our cash flow to meet our requirements; 

economic,
 competitive, demographic, business, and other conditions in our local and regional markets; 

general
 economic conditions and events and the impact they may have on
 us and our clients, including but not limited to the impact of COVID-19; 

changes
 or developments in laws, regulations or taxes in our industry; 

there
 are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules, and regulations; 

competition
 in our industry; 

the
 loss of or failure to obtain any license or permit necessary or desirable in the operation of our business; 

proceedings brought by the SEC against China-based accounting
 firms could result in our inability to file future financial statements in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act.; 

changes
 in our business strategy, capital improvements or development plans; 

the
 availability of additional capital to support capital improvements and development; and 

other
 risks identified in this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

We
may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place
undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations
disclosed in the forward-looking statements we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future
acquisitions, mergers, or joint ventures we may make or collaborations or strategic partnerships we may enter into. 

You
should read this Form 10-K and the documents that we have filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that
our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Unless
otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, the terms Leader Capital Holdings Corp., we, us, 
 our and the Company refer collectively to Leader Capital Holdings Corp. and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Business
Overview 

Leader
Capital Holdings Corp. is an early stage technology company that conducts its operations through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Leader
Financial Group Limited, a Seychelles corporation incorporated on March 6, 2017 LFGL ), and JFB Internet Service Limited,
a Hong Kong corporation incorporated on July 6, 2017 JFB ). 

Through
LFGL, we act as the service provider for a mobile application investment platform that is owned by JFB. The platform connects investors
with financial service providers in an effort to sharpen operational efficiency and seeks to address customer demands for more innovative
services. It is a ready-made application created to meet the needs of financial service providers, especially trust companies and insurance
companies. The platform is customizable and each financial institution can adjust the platform to better suit their client s needs. 

The
Company had an agreement with a third party whereby we authorized the third party to use our investment platform and related applications
until December 31, 2020 for a fee. The Company was in discussion with the third party and both parties decided to terminate the agreement
at maturity. 

The
Company has developed a new, more comprehensive mobile application, the FinMaster App. The FinMaster App intends to offer one-stop
solution for multi-facet financial services. Key services include real-time Taiwan stock market quotes, financial industry
information and news, social media activities, on-line live broadcast, A.I. stock selection and other features. With more than 350,000
downloads of the FinMaster App, the Company continues to collect data as well as user feedback to enhance current APP features and
fine tune R D plans to optimize customer experience. 

The
 key features of the FinMaster App are: 

Real-time
 Taiwan stock market quotes; delayed Hong Kong and U.S., stock market quotes; and financial market news feed 

AI
 Stock Selection Tools: Day Trading Analysis, Portfolio Health Check, Institutional Trading Tactics, AI Smart Screening Tools 

Instant
 news feed and quotes of pre-defined stocks under Watchlist 

Live
 Streaming sessions from the industry expert analysts 

Discussion
 Forums for users and experts direct communication 

In-App
 Messaging: chats, audio, and video calls between members 

Token
 System and Point Reward Redemption Corner 

Other
 key features are under development, such as: 

Online
 securities account-opening and online trading 

On-line
 Leader FinTech Academy programs 

AI
 Futures Selection and Screening Tools 

AI
 Options Selection and Screening Tools 

In-App
 Messaging: chats, audio, and video calls 

Acquisition
of Nice Products Inc. 

On
August 17, 2020, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary JFB Internet Service Limited, a company incorporated and existing under
the laws of Hong Kong (the Buyer ), acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock (the Acquisition of Nice Products Inc., a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and the Company s software ODM developer
of the FinMaster App NPI ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of that certain Stock Purchase Agreement, dated
as of August 17, 2020 (the Purchase Agreement ), among the Company, the Buyer, NPI, the selling shareholders of NPI identified
therein (each a Seller, and, collectively, the Sellers and the representative of the Sellers identified
therein (the Sellers Representative ). The aggregate purchase price for the acquisition was 4,850,000, less certain
discounts, expenses and reductions for outstanding NPI debt owed to the Company and/or its affiliates. The net purchase price for the
acquisition was 3,506,042, payable in 8,415,111 shares of the Company s common stock to the Sellers in accordance with their respective
pro rata percentage. 

Upon
the consummation of the acquisition, among other things, the Sellers: (a) resigned from their positions as directors and/or officers
of NPI, (b) released NPI from any claims and (c) entered into employment agreements with the Buyer. Jun-Yuan Chen, a Seller and the Sellers 
Representative under the Purchase Agreement, was already an employee of the Buyer prior to the acquisition, and therefore, did not enter
into an employment agreement with the Buyer at the closing of the acquisition. 

In
accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement, for a period of 5 years from the Closing Date, the Sellers agreed to not compete
with NPI s business in the following territories: (a) Greater China (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) and (b) any other country
or other territory in which NPI or the Buyer has provided services, offered or promoted services or otherwise conducted business at any
time in the past 2 years. During the same 5 year period, the Sellers are also subject to customary non-solicitation and non-disparagement
obligations. 

In
addition, the Sellers agreed to indemnify the Company, the Buyer, and each of their affiliates (including, after the closing, NPI), subject
to certain limitations, for any Losses (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) arising out of breaches by the Sellers of their respective
covenants and certain other matters specified in the Purchase Agreement. Subject to certain exclusions, such right to indemnification
will be available only after the aggregate amount of indemnifiable Losses exceeds 1,000. 

4 

As a
result of the acquisition, the Company now owns, indirectly through the Buyer, 100 of NPI. NPI, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
LOC Weibo Co., Ltd. LOC and Beijing DataComm Cloud Media Technology Co., Ltd. BJDC ), companies organized
under the laws of the Republic of China ROC or Taiwan and the laws of the People s Republic
of China PRC or China ), respectively, engages primarily in the development of ecological-system applications,
integration of big data and promotion of OTT applications. As a result of the acquisition, our FinMaster App was launched to the
market in a timely and efficient manner and clients on this open platform are served more effectively and satisfactorily. Based on the
successful development of our FinMaster App, LOC and BJDC jointly accumulated in-depth knowledge of FinTech App development, including
the marketing expertise built up and the perfect allocation of the Company s resources. We believe LCHD, through LOC and BJDC will
further conclude more customized App contracts to help the clients to incubate the avant-garde Apps to expand their businesses
efficiently and effectively. 

 Competition 

Our
market is competitive, and we expect competition in our market to increase as existing competitors enhance and expand their product and
service offerings and as new participants enter the market. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced profitability
and loss of market share. We cannot ensure that we will be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors. Some
of our customers and companies with which we have strategic relationships may also become competitors. 

Many
of our current and potential competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing, service and other resources than we have. As a
result, these companies may be able to offer lower prices, additional products or services, or other incentives that we cannot match
or offer. These competitors may be in a stronger position to respond more quickly to new technologies and may be able to undertake more
extensive marketing campaigns. We believe they may also pursue and adopt more aggressive pricing policies and make more attractive offers
to potential customers, employees and strategic partners. In addition, competitors with greater financial resources may make strategic
acquisitions to increase their ability to gain market share or improve the quality or marketability of their products. Furthermore, we
face challenges in selling our product to large companies in the process industries that have internally developed their own proprietary
software solutions. 

Today in Taiwan s
stock information App market, the competition is very keen. It is estimated that Mitake App by Mitake Information Corporation
and Yahoo Kimo Stock Market by Yahoo Finance, both have more than one million downloads; other Apps like ANUE App by ANUE.COM
and Inc, Mr. Investment by Yuanta Financial Holding, both have more than half a million downloads. The Company keeps fine-tuning the
marketing strategy and reaping the synergy by partnership with more diversified marketing channels to bring in more downloads. 

However, most of our
competitors only provide direct services to a single company, and users can only choose that company s App. The
FinMaster App has integrated various functions such as real time stock streaming, financial news, discussion forum, and voice
and video call in one application, which is different from most of its competitors. We believe that these integrated
functions provide us with an advantage over our competition. 

Marketing 

The FinMaster
App is marketed mainly through word of mouth. Currently, we also employ Facebook, Google and YouTube as our main marketing
tools. During the past fiscal years 2020 and 2021, we also broadcasted commercials on various television stations in Taiwan
to promote the FinMaster App. We also rely on our clients and business contacts, such as insurance brokerage houses,
real estate agent firms, social network groups, and securities firms to encourage their clients to download the FinMaster
App. 

5 

Intellectual
Property 

The
protection of our technology and intellectual property is an important component of our success. We rely on intellectual property laws,
including trade secrets, copyright, patent and trademark laws in the U.S. and abroad. We have not patented our proprietary technology
in order to keep our technology architecture, trade secrets, and engineering roadmap private. We may in the future file patent applications;
however, such applications may not result in the issuance of any patents, and any issued patents may not actually provide adequate defensive
protection or competitive advantages to us. Our ability to continually develop new intellectual property and deliver new functionality
quickly serves to protect us against our competitors. 

Employees 

As
of December 8, 2021, the Company had 63 employees. 

Corporate
Information 

We
were incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 22, 2017. Our principal executive office is located at Room 2708-09, Metropolis Tower,
10 Metropolis Drive, Hung Hom, Hong Kong. 

Government
Regulation and Approvals 

The
Company offers its clients a mobile application that allows their customers to review their asset portfolio(s) and communicate their
investment decisions with our clients in real-time. Neither of our Apps are a trading platform, broker dealer or exchange, and
therefore we do not expect to be subject to regulatory oversight by the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or other financial regulatory agencies. We are not aware of any governmental regulations or approvals required
for the marketing or use of the Apps or the services provided. 

Emerging
Growth Company 

The
Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS
Act ), and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and exemptions from the requirements of Sections 14A(a) and (b) of the Exchange
Act to hold a nonbinding advisory vote of stockholders on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

The
Company has elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates
for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements
may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (1) August 31, 2024, (2) the last day of the fiscal year
in which we have total gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, (3) the last day of our fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a
 large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act (which would occur if the market value of our
equity securities that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed
second fiscal quarter), or (4) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the preceding
three-year period. 

To
the extent that we continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company, as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the
Exchange Act, after we cease to qualify as an emerging growth company, certain of the exemptions available to us as an emerging growth
company may continue to be available to us as a smaller reporting company, including: (1) not being required to comply with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; (2) scaled executive compensation disclosures; and (3) the requirement
to provide only two years of audited financial statements, instead of three years. 

6 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

COVID-19
Pandemic Update 

Our
business continues to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Significant COVID-19 related restrictions, including those in response to
the outbreak of the Delta variant in the second and third quarters and the Omicron variant in the fourth quarter of calendar year 2021,
have continued and in some instances, have been significantly tightened, in markets in which we operate, especially (which has been affected
more severely in the second and third quarter of 2021 than before). Border controls and travel restrictions, such as those imposed in
Taiwan, Hong Kong, and the continuing uncertainty over the extent and timing of the re-opening of the border between Hong Kong and mainland
China, have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our operations. The impact of the pandemic and the measures taken by the
relevant governments to contain the disease on the global economy, the economies of the markets in which we operate, and the movement
of people have adversely affected, and we expect will continue to adversely affect, the roll out of our business plans and results of
operations throughout the fiscal year of 2021 and into fiscal year 2022. 

The
Chinese government may intervene in or influence our operations at any time, which could result in a material change in our operations
and significantly and adversely impact the value of our common stock. 

The
PRC government exerts substantial influence, discretion, oversight and control over the manner in which companies incorporated under
the laws and regulations of the PRC must conduct their business activities, including activities relating to overseas offerings of securities
and/or foreign investments in such companies. We are a Nevada corporation with subsidiaries located in Taiwan, Hong Kong, and mainland
China; however, we cannot guarantee that the PRC government will not seek to intervene or influence any of our operations at any time.
If we were to become subject to such direct influence, intervention, discretion, oversight or control, including those over overseas
offerings of securities (including and/or foreign investments, it may result in a material adverse change in our operations, significantly
limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of our common stock
to significantly decline or be worthless, which would materially affect the interests of investors. 

Changes
in the political and economic policies of the Chinese government or in relations between China and the United States may materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and the market price of our common stock. 

Due
to our operations in China, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be influenced to a significant
degree by economic, political, legal and social conditions in China or changes in government relations between China and the United States
or other governments. There is significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and China with respect
to trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. China s economy differs from the economies of developed countries
in many respects, including with respect to the amount of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, control of foreign
exchange and allocation of resources. The Chinese government has implemented various measures to encourage economic development and guide
the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the overall Chinese economy, but may have a negative effect on us. For
example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by government control over capital investments or
changes in tax regulations that are currently applicable to us. In addition, in the past the Chinese government implemented certain measures,
including interest rate increases, to control the pace of economic growth. These measures may cause decreased economic activity in China,
which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. In July 2021, the Chinese government provided new guidance on China-based
companies raising capital outside of China, including through arrangements called variable interest entities VIEs ). In
light of such developments, the SEC has imposed enhanced disclosure requirements on China-based companies seeking to register securities
with the SEC. Although we do not have a VIE structure, due to our operations in China, any future Chinese, U.S. or other rules and regulations
that place restrictions on capital raising or other activities by companies with operations in China could adversely affect our business
and results of operations. If the business environment in China deteriorates from the perspective of domestic or international investment,
or if relations between China and the United States or other governments deteriorate, the Chinese government may intervene with our operations
and our business in China and United States, as well as the market price of our common stock, may also be adversely affected. 

Compliance
with China s new Data Security Law, Cybersecurity Review Measures (revised draft for public consultation), Personal Information
Protection Law, regulations and guidelines relating to the multi-level protection scheme and any other future laws and regulations may
entail significant expenses and could materially affect our business. 

China
has implemented new rules relating to data protection, and the
new Data Security Law took effect in September 2021. The Data Security Law provides that the data processing activities must be conducted
based on data classification and hierarchical protection system for the purpose of data protection and prohibits entities
in China from transferring data stored in China to foreign law enforcement agencies or judicial authorities without prior approval by
the Chinese government. 

Additionally,
China s Cyber Security Law requires companies to take certain organizational, technical and administrative measures and other necessary
measures to ensure the security of their networks and data stored on their networks. Specifically, the Cyber Security Law provides that
China adopt a multi-level protection scheme (MLPS), under which network operators are required to perform obligations of security protection
to ensure that the network is free from interference, disruption or unauthorized access, and prevent network data from being disclosed,
stolen or tampered. Under the MLPS, entities operating information systems must have a thorough assessment of the risks and the conditions
of their information and network systems to determine the level to which the entity s information and network systems belong-from
the lowest Level 1 to the highest Level 5 pursuant to a series of national standards on the grading and implementation of the
classified protection of cyber security. The grading result will determine the set of security protection obligations that entities must
comply with. Entities classified as Level 2 or above should report the grade to the relevant government authority for examination
and approval. 

Recently,
the Cyberspace Administration of China has taken action against several Chinese Internet companies in connection with their initial public
offerings on U.S. securities exchanges, for alleged national security risks and improper collection and use of the personal information
of Chinese data subjects. According to the official announcement, the action was initiated based on the National Security Law, the Cyber
Security Law and the Measures on Cybersecurity Review, which are aimed at preventing national data security risks, maintaining
national security and safeguarding public interests. On July 10, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China published a
revised draft of the Cybersecurity Review Measures, expanding the cybersecurity review to data processing operators in possession of
personal information of over 1 million users if the operators intend to list their securities in a foreign country. 

7 

It
is unclear at the present time how widespread the cybersecurity review requirement and the enforcement action will be and what
effect they will have on the FinTech sector generally and the Company in particular. China s regulators may impose penalties
for non-compliance ranging from fines or suspension of operations, and this could lead to us delisting from the U.S. stock
market. 

Also,
on August 20, 2021, the Standing Committee of China s National People s Congress NPC passed the Personal
Information Protection Law PIPL ), which became effective on November 1, 2021. The Personal Information Protection Law
provides a comprehensive set of data privacy and protection requirements that apply to the processing of personal information and expands
data protection compliance obligations to cover the processing of personal information of persons by organizations and individuals in
China, and the processing of personal information of persons in China outside of China if such processing is for purposes of providing
products and services to, or analyzing and evaluating the behavior of, persons in China. The Personal Information Protection Law also
provides that critical information infrastructure operators and personal information processing entities who process personal information
meeting a volume threshold to be set by Chinese cyberspace regulators are also required to store in China personal information generated
or collected in China, and to pass a security assessment administered by Chinese cyberspace regulators for any export of such personal
information. Lastly, the Personal Information Protection Law contains proposals for significant fines for serious violations of up to
RMB 50 million or 5 of annual revenues from the prior year and may also be ordered to suspend any related activity by competent
authorities. We do not maintain, nor do we intend to maintain in the future, personally identifiable information of users in China. 

Interpretation,
application and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations evolve from time to time and their scope may continually change, through
new legislation, amendments to existing legislation or changes in enforcement. Compliance with the Cyber Security Law and the Data Security
Law could significantly increase the cost to us of providing our service offerings, require significant changes to our operations or
even prevent us from providing certain service offerings in jurisdictions in which we currently operate or in which we may operate in
the future. Despite our efforts to comply with applicable laws, regulations and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection
and information security, it is possible that our practices, offerings or platform could fail to meet all of the requirements imposed
on us by the Cyber Security Law, the Data Security Law and/or related implementing regulations. Any failure on our part to comply with
such law or regulations or any other obligations relating to privacy, data protection or information security, or any compromise of security
that results in unauthorized access, use or release of personally identifiable information or other data, or the perception or allegation
that any of the foregoing types of failure or compromise has occurred, could damage our reputation, discourage new and existing counterparties
from contracting with us or result in investigations, fines, suspension or other penalties by Chinese government authorities and private
claims or litigation, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even
if our practices are not subject to legal challenge, the perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the legal uncertainty created by the Data
Security Law and the recent Chinese government actions could materially adversely affect our ability, on favorable terms, to raise capital;
including engaging in follow-on offerings of our securities in the U.S. market. 

We
are a company with a limited operating history and our future profitability is uncertain. We anticipate future losses and negative cash
flows, and we may never be profitable. 

We
are a company with a limited operating history and limited revenues to date. We have incurred losses since our inception and expect to
experience operating losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future. As of August 31, 2021, we had a total accumulated deficit
of 23,001,067. We anticipate our losses will continue to increase from current levels because we expect to incur additional costs
and expenses related to the development of the FinMaster App, marketing and other promotional activities, the addition of personnel,
if necessary, and our continued efforts to form relationships with financial service providers and insurers. We may never generate significant
revenue and we may never be profitable. 

If
we do not receive additional financing when and as needed in the future, we may not be able to continue the development and commercialization
of the Apps and our business may fail. 

Because
the version of the FinMaster App we plan to sell is not yet fully developed, our business requires capital investments.
Our cash on hand, which at August 31, 2021 was 787,154, will not be sufficient to meet all of our future needs. Furthermore,
our target customers may be slow to adopt the App. We anticipate that we will require substantial additional funds in excess of
our current financial resources to complete the development of the App and to market it. Until the App generate revenues sufficient
to support our operations, we plan to obtain the necessary working capital for operations through the sale of our securities or loans
from related parties, but we may not be able to obtain financing in amounts sufficient to fund our business plan. If we cannot obtain
additional funding when and as needed, our business might fail. 

As
the Company has working capital deficiency and accumulated deficit, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

Our
consolidated financial statements included in this report include an explanatory paragraph that indicates that they were prepared assuming
that we would continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included with this report,
we had suffered recurring losses from operations, and recorded an accumulated deficit and a working capital deficit of 23,001,067
and 1,521,119 respectively as of August 31, 2021. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The ability to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon our profit generating operations in the future and/or obtaining the necessary financing to meet our obligations
and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they become due. There can be no assurance that we will be successful
in our plans described above or in attracting equity or alternative financing on acceptable terms, or if at all. These consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

8 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to remediate the material weaknesses
or maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results
or prevent fraud, and investor confidence and the market price of our shares may be adversely affected. 

To
implement Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or SOX 404, the SEC adopted rules requiring public companies to include a report
of management on the company s internal control over financial reporting in their annual reports on Form 10-K. Under current law,
we are subject to the requirement that we maintain internal controls and that management perform periodic evaluation of the effectiveness
of the internal controls, assuming our filing status remains as a smaller reporting company. A report of our management is included under
Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our management has identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting: 

(1) 
 We
 do not have an audit committee While we are not obligated to have an audit committee, it is management s view that
 such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an utmost important entity level control over the Company s financial
 reporting. Currently, our Chief Executive Officer and directors act in the capacity of the audit committee, and do not include a
 member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight over management s activities. 

(2) 
 We
 do not have adequate written policies and procedures Due to lack of adequate written policies and procedures for accounting
 and financial reporting, we did not establish a formal process to close our books monthly and account for all transactions in a timely
 manner. 

(3) 
 We
 did not implement appropriate information technology controls As of August 31, 2021, we retained copies of all financial
 data and material agreements; however, there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup of our data or off-site storage
 of the data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors and we do not have sufficient control policies
 that prevent inappropriate and unauthorized use of the system across all layers of systems. 

(4) 
 We
 do not have sufficient and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level of technical accounting knowledge and experience
 in the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. 

A
 material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We have taken measures and plan to continue to take measures to remedy this material
weakness. However, the implementation of these measures may not fully address the material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting. Our failure to address any control deficiency could result in inaccuracies in our financial statements and could also impair
our ability to comply with applicable financial reporting requirements and related regulatory filings on a timely basis. Moreover, effective
internal control over financial reporting is important to prevent fraud. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects, as well as the trading price of our shares, may be materially and adversely affected. 

Market
acceptance of the FinMaster App is difficult to predict. If the App does not achieve market acceptance, our business could
fail. 

We
are continuing to develop the App. If we are unable to effectively develop and demonstrate the App in a timely fashion, gain recognition
with financial service providers, insurers and their clients, and develop a critical level of successful sales, we may not be able to
successfully earn sales revenue and our results of operations and financial condition would then suffer. 

9 

Further,
we cannot predict the rate of adoption or acceptance of the Apps by potential customers and their clients. While we may be able to
effectively demonstrate the usefulness of the App, this does not guarantee that financial service providers, insurers, brokerage
houses and their clients will accept them, nor can we control the rate at which such acceptance may be achieved. If the App is
not widely adopted and downloaded by users who are willing to pay for some of the functions available for their purchase,
we may not be able to generate enough revenue and profits to support our operations, recover our development costs or become
profitable and our business could fail. 

Our
efforts may never demonstrate the feasibility of the App. 

Our
goal is to create a platform that is easily used by the general public. Technical problems may result in delays and cause us to
incur additional expenses that would increase our losses. If we cannot complete, or if we experience significant delays in completing,
development of the App for use in potential commercial applications, particularly after incurring significant expenditures, our business
may fail. 

We
face substantial political risks associated with doing business in Taiwan, particularly due to domestic political events and the tense
relationship between the Republic of China ROC and the People s Republic of China, which could adversely affect
our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
principal executive offices and substantially all of our assets are located in Hong Kong, Beijing, and Taiwan, and substantially
all of our revenues are derived from our operations in Taiwan. Accordingly, our business, financial condition and results of operations
and the market price of shares of our common stock may be affected by changes in ROC governmental policies, taxation, inflation
or interest rates and by social instability and diplomatic and social developments in or affecting Taiwan which are outside of our control.
Taiwan has a unique international political status. The PRC government asserts sovereignty over mainland China and Taiwan and does not
recognize the legitimacy of the government of the ROC. The PRC government has indicated that it may use military force to gain control
over Taiwan if Taiwan declares independence or if Taiwan refuses to accept the PRC s stated One China policy. In
addition, on March 14, 2005, the National People s Congress of the PRC passed what is widely referred to as the anti-secession 
law, a law authorizing the PRC military to respond to efforts by Taiwan to seek formal independence. An increase in tensions between
the ROC and the PRC and the possibility of instability and uncertainty could adversely affect the prices of our shares. It is unclear
what effects any of the events described above may have on relations with the PRC. Relations between Taiwan and the PRC and other factors
affecting Taiwan s political environment could affect our business. 

We
may not be able to obtain or renew all licenses, approvals or permits necessary for our current and future operations. 

Our
current and future operations in Taiwan and other regions require a number of regulatory licenses, approvals and permits. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to obtain licenses, approvals or permits necessary for our operations in these regions, or that upon the expiration
of our existing licenses, approvals or permits, we will be able to successfully renew them. 

We
may fail to adequately protect our proprietary technology, which would allow our competitors to take advantage of our research and development
efforts. 

We
rely upon trade secrets, proprietary know-how, and continuing technological innovation to develop new services and solutions and to remain
competitive. If our competitors learn of our proprietary technology or processes, they may use this information to produce services and
solutions that are equivalent or superior to our services and solutions, which could materially adversely affect our business, operations
and financial position. Our employees and consultants may breach their obligations not to reveal our confidential information, and any
remedies available to us may be insufficient to compensate our damages. Even in the absence of such breaches, our trade secrets and proprietary
know-how may otherwise become known to our competitors, or be independently discovered by our competitors, which could adversely affect
our competitive position. 

We
must adapt to changes in software technologies. 

In
order to stay competitive, we must anticipate and adapt to rapid technological changes affecting software development. Any inability
to respond to technological advances and implement new technologies could render our products obsolete or less marketable. Further, the
failure to pursue the development of new technology, platforms, or business models that obtain meaningful commercial success in a timely
manner may negatively affect our business, resulting in increased production costs and more strenuous competition. In order to remain
competitive in the market, we need to continuously develop and introduce new functions and designs for our Apps. 

We
are uncertain of our profit margins and whether such profit margins, if achieved, will be able to sustain our business , because
the Apps have not yet been fully developed. 

We
have not yet fully developed the Apps or the pricing that will be associated with them. As a result, we cannot reliably predict our profit
margins, if any. Our operating costs could increase significantly compared to those we currently anticipate due to unanticipated results
from the development process or application of the platform. Further, we envision our pricing to be highly dependent on the benefits
that our customers believe they will achieve using the Apps. Accordingly, we cannot predict whether or when we will achieve profitability,
and if achieved, the amount of such profit margins. 

Many
of our potential competitors have greater resources, and it may be difficult to compete against them. 

The
software application market is competitive, and we expect competition in this market to increase as existing competitors enhance and
expand their product and service offerings and as new participants enter the market. Increased competition may result in price reductions,
reduced profitability and loss of market share. We cannot ensure that we will be able to compete successfully against existing or future
competitors. Some of our customers and companies with which we have strategic relationships may also become competitors. 

10 

Many
of our current and potential competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing, service and other resources than we have. As a
result, these companies may be able to offer lower prices, additional products or services, or other incentives that we cannot match
or offer. These competitors may be in a stronger position to respond more quickly to new technologies and may be able to undertake more
extensive marketing campaigns. We believe they may also pursue and adopt more aggressive pricing policies and make more attractive offers
to potential customers, employees and strategic partners. In addition, competitors with greater financial resources may make strategic
acquisitions to increase their ability to gain market share or improve the quality or marketability of their products. Furthermore, we
face challenges in selling the Apps to large companies in the process industries that have internally developed their own proprietary
software solutions. 

Our
success is dependent on the performance of Yi-Hsiu Lin, our Chief Executive Officer, and the cooperation, performance and retention of
our key employees. 

Our
business and operations are substantially dependent on the performance of Yi-Hsiu Lin, our Chief Executive Officer. We do not maintain
 key person life insurance on him. The loss of Mr. Lin or other key employees could seriously harm our business. We cannot
assure that employees will not leave and subsequently compete against us. To mitigate such risk, we plan to require key employees to
sign non-disclosure agreements when they join the Company. 

We
are also dependent on our ability to retain and motivate high quality personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and we may
not be able to attract, assimilate or retain other highly qualified managerial, sales and technical personnel in the future. The inability
to attract and retain the necessary managerial, sales and technical personnel could cause our business, operating results or financial
condition to suffer. 

Our
principal executive offices are located in Hong Kong and our Company has non-U.S. resident officers and directors. As such, it may be
difficult to pursue legal action against our Company or directors. 

Due
to the fact that our Company s executive office is located in Hong Kong and our Company has non-U.S. resident officers and directors,
the enforceability of civil liability provisions of U.S. federal securities laws against our officers and directors, and our assets located
in foreign jurisdictions, will be limited and may not be possible. 

Digital
threats such as cyber-attacks, data protection breaches, computer viruses or malware may disrupt our mobile applications, harm our operating
results and damage our reputation, and cyber-attacks or data protection breaches on our clients networks could result in liability
for us, damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business. 

The
products and services we sell to clients, and our servers and data centers on which our data, and data of our clients and business partners
may be stored, are vulnerable to cyber-attacks, data protection breaches, computer viruses, and similar disruptions from unauthorized
tampering or human error. Any such event could compromise our networks or those of our clients, and the information stored on our networks
or those of our clients could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen, which could subject us to liability to our customers,
business partners and others, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition and
may cause damage to our reputation. Efforts to limit the ability of malicious third parties to disrupt the operations of the Internet
or undermine our own security efforts may be costly to implement and meet with resistance, and may not be successful. Breaches of network
security in our clients networks, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to a vulnerability in our products or services,
could result in liability for us, damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business. 

Any
failures or interruptions in our services or systems could damage our reputation and substantially harm our business and results of operations. 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to provide reliable remote services, technology integration and managed services to our clients.
The operations of our mobile platforms are susceptible to damage or interruption from human error, fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications
failure, terrorist attacks and similar events. We could also experience failures or interruptions of our systems and services, or other
problems in connection with our operations, as a result of: 

damage
 to or failure of our computer software or hardware or our connections; 

errors
 in the processing of data by our systems; 

computer
 viruses or software defects; 

11 

physical
 or electronic break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar events; 

increased
 capacity demands or changes in systems requirements of our customers; and 

errors
 by employees or third-party service providers. 

Any
interruptions in our systems or services could damage our reputation and substantially harm our business and results of operations. 

We
may not be able to successfully integrate the business and operations of entities that we have acquired or may acquire in the future
into our ongoing business operations, which may result in our inability to fully realize the intended benefits of these acquisitions,
or may disrupt our current operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and/or results
of operations. 

We
continue to integrate the operations of NPI and this process involves complex operational, technological and personnel-related challenges,
which are time-consuming and expensive and may disrupt our ongoing business operations. Furthermore, integration involves a number of
risks, including, but not limited to: 

difficulties
 or complications in combining the companies operations; 

differences
 in controls, procedures and policies, regulatory standards and business cultures among the combined companies; 

the
 diversion of management s attention from our ongoing core business operations; 

increased
 exposure to certain governmental regulations and compliance requirements; 

the
 potential loss of key personnel; 

the
 potential loss of key customers or suppliers who choose not to do business with the combined business; 

difficulties
 or delays in consolidating NPI s technology platforms, including implementing systems designed to maintain effective disclosure
 controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting for the combined company and enable the Company to continue
 to comply with U.S. GAAP and applicable U.S. securities laws and regulations; 

unanticipated
 costs and other assumed contingent liabilities; 

difficulty
 comparing financial reports due to differing financial and/or internal reporting systems; 

making
 any necessary modifications to internal financial control standards to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and
 regulations promulgated thereunder; and/or 

possible
 tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating the operations of the combined company. 

12 

These
factors could cause us to not fully realize the anticipated financial and/or strategic benefits of the acquisition, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 

Even
if we are able to successfully operate the acquired business, we may not be able to realize the revenue and other synergies and growth
that we anticipated from this acquisition in the time frame that we currently expect, and the costs of achieving these benefits may be
higher than what we currently expect, because of a number of risks, including, but not limited to, the possibility that the acquisition
may not further our business strategy as we expected. 

As
a result of these risks, the acquisition and integration may not contribute to our earnings as expected, we may not achieve expected
revenue synergies or our return on invested capital targets when expected, or at all, and we may not achieve the other anticipated strategic
and financial benefits of the acquisition of NPI. 

The
risks arising with respect to the historic business and operations of NPI may be different from what we anticipate, which could significantly
increase the costs and decrease the benefits of the acquisition and materially and adversely affect our operations going forward. 

Although
we performed financial, legal, technological and business due diligence with respect to our acquisition of NPI, we may not have appreciated,
understood or fully anticipated the extent of the risks associated with the acquisition. We have secured indemnification for certain
matters in connection with the acquisition in order to mitigate the consequences of breaches of representations, warranties and covenants
under the definitive acquisition agreement and the risks associated with historic operations, including those with respect to compliance
with laws, accuracy of financial statements, financial reporting controls and procedures, tax matters and undisclosed liabilities, and
certain matters known to us. We believe that the indemnification provisions of the definitive acquisition agreement will limit the economic
consequences of the issues we have identified in our due diligence to acceptable levels. Notwithstanding our exercise of due diligence
and risk mitigation strategies, the risks of the acquisition and the costs associated with these risks may be greater than we anticipate.
We may not be able to contain or control the costs associated with unanticipated risks or liabilities, which could materially and adversely
affect our business, liquidity, capital resources or results of operations. 

Any
impairment charge may have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

Under
U.S. GAAP, we are required to evaluate our investments and long-term non-financial assets, such as property, plant and equipment, intellectual
properties, intangible assets, goodwill, right-of-use assets and long-term purchase agreements, for impairment whenever triggering events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired and carrying value may not be recoverable. If certain criteria are
met, we are required to recognize an impairment charge. 

The
determination of an impairment charge at any given time is based significantly on our expected results of operations over a number of
years subsequent to that time. As a result, an impairment charge is more likely to occur during a period when our operating results are
otherwise already depressed. The valuation of long-term non-financial assets is subjective and requires us to make significant estimates
about our future performance and cash flows, as well as other assumptions. These estimates can be affected by numerous factors, including
changes in economic, industry or market conditions, changes in business operations, changes in competition or potential changes in our
stock price and market capitalization. Changes in these estimates and assumptions, or changes in actual performance compared with estimates
of our future performance, may affect the fair value of long-term non-financial assets, which may result in an impairment charge. See
 Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Goodwill and impairment of goodwill in our financial statements
for a discussion of how we assess if an impairment charge is required and, if so, how the amount is determined. 

The
determination of an impairment charge at any given time is mainly based on the projected results of operations over several years subsequent
to that time. Consequently, an impairment charge is more likely to occur during a period when our operating results are otherwise already
depressed. 

13 

Because
our officers and directors conduct outside business activities, the attention and efforts of our officers and directors are not solely
focused upon Leader Capital Holdings Corp. 

While
our officers and directors intend to devote as much time as necessary to the success and development of the Company, Mr. Lin in particular
has outside interests that require a portion of his time every week. Currently, Mr. Lin is prepared to dedicate 36 hours per week to
our operations. Although we believe their time, resources, and effort to be allocated appropriately to allow for the Company s
future success, there can be no guarantee that their priorities will not shift in the future. In the event that their outside interests
begin to take precedence over their positions in the Company, the Company may not experience the growth and success that is anticipated. 

Risks
Related to Owning Our Securities 

We
have the right to issue shares of preferred stock. If we were to issue preferred stock, it is likely to have rights, preferences and
privileges that may adversely affect our common stock or other securities. 

We
are authorized to issue 200,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock, with such rights, preferences and privileges
as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Our board of directors is empowered, without shareholder approval,
to issue preferred stock in one or more series, and to fix for any series the dividend rights, dissolution or liquidation preferences,
redemption prices, conversion rights, voting rights, and other rights, preferences and privileges for the preferred stock. No shares
of preferred stock are presently issued and outstanding and we have no immediate plans to issue shares of preferred stock. The issuance
of shares of preferred stock, depending on the rights, preferences and privileges attributable to the preferred stock, could adversely
reduce the voting rights and powers of the common stock and the portion of our assets allocated for distribution to common stock holders
in a liquidation event, and could also result in dilution in the book value per share of our common stock. The preferred stock could
also be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method for raising additional capital or discouraging, delaying or preventing a change
in control of the Company, to the detriment of holders of our common stock. We cannot assure you that we will not, under certain circumstances,
issue shares of our preferred stock. 

14 

We
may be required to raise additional financing by issuing new securities, which may have terms or rights superior to those of our shares
of common stock, which could adversely affect the market price of our shares of common stock. 

We
will require additional financing to fund development and commercialization of the Apps and for working capital and other purposes. We
may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms, if at all. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, the percentage
ownership of our then-current stockholders will be reduced. Further, we may have to offer new investors in our equity securities
rights that are superior to the holders of common stock, which could adversely affect the market price and the voting power of shares
of our common stock. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt securities, the holders of the debt securities would similarly have
rights senior to those of the holders of shares of common stock, and the terms of the debt securities could impose restrictions on operations
and create a significant interest expense for us which could have a materially adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We
have not paid dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. 

We
have not paid any dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. The payment
of dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, and will be contingent upon our revenues and earnings,
if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. We are under no contractual obligations or restrictions to declare or pay
dividends on shares of our common stock. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use
in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
will incur significant costs as a result of being a public company that reports to the SEC. Furthermore, the reporting requirements may
place undue strain on our personnel, systems and resources. 

As
a public company required reporting to the SEC, we expect to incur significant legal, accounting, investor relations, printing,
board compensation, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. 

We
are currently subject to the reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC that impose significant requirements
on public companies, including requiring us to establish and maintain effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate
governance practices. In addition, there are significant corporate governance and executive compensation-related provisions in the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Protection Act that, as we grow, could increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities
more difficult, time-consuming or costly. These requirements may place undue strain on our personnel, systems and resources. 

Our
officers and directors lack experience in, and with, the reporting and disclosure obligations of publicly-traded companies. 

Our
officers and directors lack experience in, and with, the reporting and disclosure obligations of publicly-traded companies and with serving
as an officer and/or director of a publicly-traded company. This lack of experience may impair our ability to maintain effective internal
controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, which may result in material misstatements to our financial
statements and an inability to provide accurate financial information to our stockholders. Consequently, our operations, future earnings
and ultimate financial success could suffer irreparable harm due to the lack of experience of our officers and directors with publicly-traded
companies and the reporting requirements in general. 

15 

Our
Chief Executive Officer is also our controlling shareholder. He may significantly influence matters to be voted on and his interests
may differ from, or be adverse to, the interests of our other stockholders. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and director, Mr. Yi-Hsiu Lin, beneficially owns 34.60 of our common
stock. Accordingly, Mr. Lin possesses significant influence over the Company on matters submitted to the stockholders for approval,
including the election of directors, mergers, consolidations, the sale of all or substantially all our assets, and also the power to
prevent or cause a change in control. This amount of control gives Mr. Lin a substantial ability to determine the future of our Company,
and as such, he may elect to close the business, change the business plan or make any number of other major business decisions without
the approval of stockholders. Mr. Lin s interests may differ from the interests of our other stockholders and could
therefore result in corporate decisions that are averse to other stockholders. 

The
audit reports included in this annual report have been prepared by auditors whose work was not inspected fully by the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB and, as such, the Company could be delisted if it is unable to timely meet the PCAOB
inspection requirements established by the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act. 

As
a public company with securities quoted on the OTCQB, we will be required to have our financial statements audited by an independent
registered public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB. A requirement of being registered with the PCAOB is that if requested by
the SEC or PCAOB, such accounting firm is required to make its audits and related audit work papers be subject to regular inspections
to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Since our auditor is located in Hong Kong and China, a jurisdiction
where the PCAOB has been unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the Chinese authorities due to various state secrecy laws
and the revised Securities Law, the PCAOB currently does not have free access to inspect the work of our auditor. This lack of the PCAOB
inspections in China prevents the PCAOB from fully evaluating audits and quality control procedures of our auditor. As a result, we and
investors in our ordinary shares are deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections, which could cause investors in our stock to
lose confidence in our audit procedures and the quality of our financial statements. 

On
December 18, 2020, the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or HFCAA, was enacted. In essence, the act requires the SEC to prohibit
securities of any foreign companies from being listed on U.S. securities exchanges or traded over-the-counter if a company
retains a foreign accounting firm that cannot be inspected by the PCAOB for three consecutive years, beginning in 2021. Our independent
registered public accounting firm is located in and organized under the laws of Hong Kong and China, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is
currently unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the Chinese authorities, and therefore our auditors are not currently
inspected by the PCAOB. 

On
March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final amendments, which will become effective 30 days after publication in the Federal Register,
relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements of the HFCAA. The interim final amendments will apply
to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting
firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB has determined it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because
of a position taken by an authority in that jurisdiction. Before any registrant will be required to comply with the interim final amendments,
the SEC must implement a process for identifying such registrants. As of the date of this Amendment, the SEC is seeking public comment
on this identification process. Consistent with the HFCAA, the amendments will require any identified registrant to submit documentation
to the SEC establishing that the registrant is not owned or controlled by a government entity in that jurisdiction, and will also require,
among other things, disclosure in the registrant s annual report regarding the audit arrangements of, and government influence
on, such registrant. 

On
June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed a bill which, if passed by the U.S. House of Representatives and signed into law, would reduce
the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCAA from three years to two. 

The
SEC may propose additional rules or guidance that could impact us if our auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspection. For example, on
August 6, 2020, the President s Working Group on Financial Markets, or the PWG, issued the Report on Protecting United States Investors
from Significant Risks from Chinese Companies to the then President of the United States. This report recommended that the SEC implement
five recommendations to address companies from jurisdictions that do not provide the PCAOB with sufficient access to fulfil its statutory
mandate. Some of the concepts of these recommendations were implemented with the enactment of the HFCAA. However, some of the recommendations
were more stringent than the HFCAA. For example, if a company was not subject to PCAOB inspection, the report recommended that the transition
period before a company would be delisted would end on January 1, 2022. 

It
is unclear when the SEC will complete its rulemaking, when such rules will become effective and what, if any, of the PWG recommendations
will be adopted. The enactment of the HFCAA and the implications of any additional rulemaking efforts to increase U.S. regulatory access
to audit information in China could cause investor uncertainty for affected SEC registrants, including us, and the market price of our
stock could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, whether the PCAOB will be able to conduct inspections of our auditors in
the next three years, or at all, is subject to substantial uncertainty and depends on a number of factors out of our control. If we are
unable to meet the PCAOB inspection requirement in time, our stock will not be permitted for trading over-the counter either.
Such a delisting would substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase our stock when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty
associated with delisting would have a negative impact on the price of our stock. Also, such a delisting would significantly affect our
ability to raise capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial
condition and prospects. 

Proceedings
instituted by the SEC against five PRC-based accounting firms could result in financial statements being determined to be not in compliance
with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

The
SEC previously instituted proceedings against mainland Chinese affiliates of the big four accounting firms, including the
affiliate of our auditor, for failing to produce audit work papers under Section 106 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act because of restrictions
under PRC law. Each of the big four accounting firms in mainland China agreed to a censure and to pay a fine to the SEC
to settle the dispute and stay the proceedings for four years, until the proceedings were deemed dismissed with prejudice on February
6, 2019. It remains unclear whether the SEC will commence a new administrative proceeding against the four mainland China-based accounting
firms. Any such new proceedings or similar action against our audit firm for failure to provide access to audit work papers could result
in the imposition of penalties, such as suspension of our auditor s ability to practice before the SEC. If our independent registered
public accounting firm, or its affiliate, was denied, even temporarily, the ability to practice before the SEC, and it was determined
that our financial statements or audit reports were not in compliance with the requirements of the U.S. Exchange Act, we could be at
risk of delisting or become subject to other penalties that would adversely affect our ability to remain listed on the U.S. stock exchanges. 

16 

In
recent years, U.S. regulators have continued to express their concerns about challenges in their oversight of financial statement audits
of United States on access to audit information, the United States enacted the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCA
Act, in December 2020. The HFCA Act includes requirements for the SEC to identify issuers whose audit reports are prepared by auditors
that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a restriction imposed by a non-U.S. authority in the auditor s
local jurisdiction. The HFCA Act also requires public companies on this SEC list to certify that they are not owned or controlled by
a foreign government and make certain additional disclosures in their SEC filings. In addition, if the auditor of a U.S. listed company s
financial statements is not subject to PCAOB inspections for three consecutive non-inspection years after the law becomes
effective, the SEC is required to prohibit the securities of such issuer from being traded on a U.S. national securities exchange, such
as the NYSE, or in U.S. over-the-counter markets. On March 24, 2021, the SEC announced that it had adopted interim final amendments to
implement the foregoing certification and disclosure requirements and that it was seeking public comment on the issuer identification
process as well as the submission and disclosure requirements. On May 13, 2021, the PCAOB issued proposed PCAOB Rule 6100 Board Determinations
under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act for public comment. The proposed rule provides a framework for making determinations
as to whether PCAOB is unable to inspect an audit firm in a foreign jurisdiction, including the timing, factors, bases, publication and
revocation or modification of such determinations, and such determinations will be made on a jurisdiction-wide basis in a consistent
manner applicable to all firms headquartered in the jurisdiction. Accordingly, our securities may be prohibited from trading on the U.S.
stock exchanges if our auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for three consecutive years, and this ultimately could result in our ordinary
shares being delisted. 

Furthermore,
on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which, if enacted, would amend
the HFCA Act and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is
not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three. On September 22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted a final rule
implementing the HFCAA, which became effective on November 4, 2021 and provided a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining,
as contemplated under the HFCAA, whether the Board is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms
located in a foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. On December 2, 2021,
the SEC adopted amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. The rules apply
to registrants the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting
firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate (Commission-Identified
Issuers). The final amendments require Commission-Identified Issuers to submit documentation to the SEC establishing that, if true,
it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in the public accounting firm s foreign jurisdiction. The SEC will
identify Commission-Identified Issuers for fiscal years beginning after Dec. 18, 2020. A Commission-Identified Issuer will be
required to comply with the submission and disclosure requirements in the annual report for each year in which it was identified. If
a registrant is identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer based on its annual report for the fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2021, the
registrant will be required to comply with the submission or disclosure requirements in its annual report filing covering the fiscal
year ended Dec. 31, 2022. 

While
we understand that there has been dialogue among the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC ), the SEC and the
PCAOB regarding the inspection of PCAOB-registered accounting firms in China, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply
with requirements imposed by U.S. regulators. If we are unable to meet the PCAOB inspection requirement in time, we could be subject
to additional submission and disclosure requirements, delisted from the OTCQB and our common stock will not be permitted for trading
 over-the-counter at all. If our securities are unable to be listed on another securities exchange by then, such a delisting
would substantially impair investors ability to sell or purchase our common stock when investor wish to do so, and the ongoing
risk and uncertainty associated with delisting would have a negative impact on the price of our common stock. Also, such a delisting
would significantly affect our ability to raise capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which would have a material adverse impact
on our business, financial condition and prospects. 

The
trading in our shares will be regulated by the Rule 15G-9 of the Exchange Act which defines a penny stock. 

Our
common stock is a penny stock, as defined in Rule 15G-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act. As discussed at Item 9 of this registration
statement, the Exchange Act and the penny stock rules generally impose additional sales practice and disclosure requirements on broker-dealers
who sell our securities to persons other than certain accredited investors or in transactions not recommended by the broker-dealer. For
transactions covered by the penny stock rules, a broker dealer must make certain mandated disclosures in penny stock transactions, including
the actual sale or purchase price and actual bid and offer quotations, the compensation to be received by the broker-dealer and certain
associated persons, and must deliver certain disclosures required by the SEC. Consequently, the penny stock rules may make it difficult
for you to resell any shares you may purchase. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules promulgated by the SEC, which are discussed in the immediately preceding risk factor, FINRA rules require
that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable
for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must
make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other
information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities
will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their
customers buy our common stock, which may limit the ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market value
for our shares. 

17 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this information. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
principal executive office is located at Room 2708-09, Metropolis Tower, 10 Metropolis Drive, Hung Hom, Hong Kong. We have an agreement
for use of office space at this location under a lease expiring on July 31, 2022. We do not own any real property. We believe that
our current facilities are adequate for our present needs and suitable additional facilities will be available as needed on commercially
reasonable terms. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

There
are presently no pending legal proceedings to which the Company, LFGL, JFB or any of its property is subject, or any material proceedings
to which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of any class
of voting securities is a party or has a material interest adverse to the Company, and no such proceedings are known to the Company to
be threatened or contemplated against it. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

18 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Since
November 6, 2020, our common stock has been quoted on the OTCQB Venture Market maintained by the OTC Markets under the symbol LCHD. 
The OTCQB is a regulated quotation service that displays real-time quotes, last-sale prices and volume information in over-the-counter
equity securities. The OTCQB securities are traded by a community of market makers that enter quotes and trade reports. This market is
limited in comparison to the national stock exchanges and any prices quoted may not be a reliable indication of the value of our common
stock. Any over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may
not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Holders
of Record 

As
of December 10, 2021, there were 137 stockholders of record of our common stock, not including an indeterminate number of
stockholders whose shares are held by brokers in street name. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid any dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. The payment
of dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, and will be contingent upon our revenues and earnings,
if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. We are under no contractual
obligations or restrictions to declare or pay dividends on shares of our common stock. it is the present intention of our board of directors
to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends
in the foreseeable future. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated
financial statements and the notes to those financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

19 

Certain
statements in this Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements, which involve
risks and uncertainties, regarding, among other things, (a) our projected sales, profitability, and cash flows, (b) our growth strategy,
(c) anticipated trends in our industry, (d) our future financing plans, and (e) our anticipated needs for, and use of, working capital.
They are generally identifiable by use of the words may, will, should, anticipate, 
 estimate, plan, potential, project, continuing, ongoing, 
 expects, management believes, we believe, we intend, or the negative of these
words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance
that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will in fact occur. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. 

The
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except to the extent required by federal securities
laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which
the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

Overview 

Leader
Capital Holdings Corp. is an early stage technology company that conducts its operations through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Leader
Financial Group Limited and JFB Internet Service Limited. 

Through
LFGL, we act as the service provider for a mobile application investment platform that is owned by JFB. The platform connects investors
with financial service providers in an effort to sharpen operational efficiency and seeks to address customer demands for more innovative
services. It is a ready-made application created to meet the needs of financial service providers, especially trust companies and insurance
companies. The platform is customizable and each financial institution can adjust the platform to better suit their client s needs. 

Use
of the JFB platform is currently free; however, we have an agreement with a third party whereby we have authorized the third party to
use our investment platform and related applications until December 31, 2020 for a fee. In the future, the Company intends to generate
additional revenue by developing a new, more comprehensive mobile application, with similar functions as the JFB platform, to offer to
our clients for a fee. 

The
Company is currently developing a new, more comprehensive FinMaster mobile application FinMaster App ), to offer to our
clients for a fee. This FinMaster App intends to offer one-stop shopping for multi financial services. Key services include real-time
Taiwan stock market quotes, financial industry information and news, social media activities, on-line live broadcast, A.I. stock selection
and other features. On August 17, 2020, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary JFB Internet Service Limited, a company incorporated
and existing under the laws of Hong Kong (the Buyer ), acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock (the Acquisition of Nice Products Inc., a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and the Company s software ODM developer
of the FinMaster App NPI ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of that certain Stock Purchase Agreement, dated
as of August 17, 2020, among the Company, the Buyer, NPI, the selling stockholders of NPI identified therein (each a Seller, 
and, collectively, the Sellers and the representative of the Sellers identified therein. The aggregate purchase price
for the acquisition was 4,850,000, less certain discounts, expenses and reductions for outstanding NPI debt owed to the Company and/or
its affiliates. The net purchase price for the acquisition was 3,506,042, payable in 8,415,111 shares of the Company s common
stock to the Sellers in accordance with their respective pro rata percentage. 

As
a result of the acquisition, the Company now owns, indirectly through the Buyer, 100 of NPI. NPI, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
LOC Weibo Co., Ltd. and Beijing DataComm Cloud Media Technology Co., Ltd., companies organized under the laws of the Republic of China
and the laws of the People s Republic of China, respectively, engages primarily in the development of ecological-system applications,
integration of big data and promotion of OTT applications. As a result of the acquisition, we believe the FinMaster App can be launched
to the market in a timely and efficient manner and clients on this open platform could be served more effectively and satisfactorily. 

20 

We
have incurred significant operating losses. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, our accumulated deficits were 23,001,067 and 11,307,575,
respectively. We generated revenue of 95,166 and 6,667 for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our net losses
were principally attributed to general and administrative expenses. 

Going
concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets
and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. 

We
have suffered recurring losses from operations, and recorded an accumulated deficit and a working capital deficit of 23,001,067
and 1,521,119 respectively as of August 31, 2021. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our profit generating operations in the future and/or obtaining
the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they become due. 

We
expect to finance our operations primarily through cash flow from operations, loans from existing directors and stockholders and
placements of capital stock for additional funding. In the event that we require additional funding to finance the growth of our current
and expected future operations as well as to achieve our strategic objectives, a shareholder has indicated the intent and ability to
provide additional financing. No assurance can be given that any future financing, if needed, will be available or, if available, that
it will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. Even if we are able to obtain additional financing, if needed, it may contain undue
restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in the case of equity
financing. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has created and may continue to create significant uncertainty in macroeconomic conditions, which may cause further
business slowdowns or shutdowns, depress demand for our business, and adversely impact our results of operations. We expect uncertainties
around our key accounting estimates to continue to evolve depending on the duration and degree of impact associated with the COVID-19
pandemic. Its estimates may change as new events occur and additional information emerges, and such changes are recognized or disclosed
in its consolidated financial statements. 

These
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and
classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Year ended August 31, 

2021 
 2020 

Revenue 
 95,166 
 6,667 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 (602,118 
 - 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 (203,646 
 - 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (9,702,342 
 (9,736,502 
 
 Impairment loss of intangible assets 
 (88,415 
 - 
 
 Impairment loss of goodwill 
 (1,226,419 
 - 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (11,727,774 
 (9,729,835 
 
 Interest expenses 
 (102,196 
 (63,256 
 
 Loss on change in fair value of convertible notes 
 (47,092 
 (199,000 
 
 Other income 
 145,432 
 149,262 
 
 Loss before income tax 
 (11,731,630 
 (9,842,829 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 38,138 
 - 

Net loss 
 (11,693,492 
 (9,842,829 

21 

Revenue 

We
signed an agreement with a third party whereby we authorized the third party to use our investment platform and related applications,
from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2020, for an upfront service fee. An additional fee is charged upon the third party s sale
of products on our mobile application. From September 2020, we generated additional revenue from a new, more comprehensive mobile application,
which we refer to as the FinMaster App, with similar functions as the JFB platform. We also provided software maintenance services. 

We
generated revenue of 95,166 and 6,667 for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the year ended August
31, 2021, we, through the newly acquired subsidiary, NPI, earned revenue of 92,944, compared to nil for the year ended August 31, 2020.
We look forward to strengthening our APP development through media, marketing and advertisement to raise the income. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses for the year ended August 31, 2021 amounted to 602,118 which primarily represented the charges for R D
and consulting work performed by third parties and salaries and benefits for those employees engaged in research, design and development
activities after our acquisition of NPI in August 2020. We did not incur any R D expenses for the year ended August 31, 2020. 

Sales
and Marketing Expenses 

Sales
and marketing expenses were 203,646 and nil for the year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. It consists of the advertising
costs amounted to 168,535 and the redeemable point liability charges of 35,111 after our acquisition of NPI in August 2020. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses for the year ended August 31, 2021 amounted to 9,702,342 as compared to 9,736,502 for the year ended
August 31, 2020, an increase of 64,402. Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of computer and networking, payroll
expenses, rental expenses, and stock compensation. We expensed 450,797, 1,187,477, 336,040 and 6,563,235 in these expenses, respectively,
for the year ended August 31, 2021. We recognized 1,003,920, 104,953, 140,999 and 8,062,500, respectively, in these expenses in fiscal
year 2020. 

The
increase of payroll expenses and rental expenses was mainly because we acquired NPI in August 2020 which incurred payroll expenses
and rental expenses of 1,095,304 for the year ended August 31, 2021. The decrease of computer and networking expenses was due to we
incurred 1,000,000 to develop a mobile application for the year ended August 31, 2020. Besides, we incurred less stock compensation
mainly due to the reduced amount of equity-based awards issued to our employees and service
providers. 

Impairment loss of intangible assets 

During the course of our
strategic review of our operations, the financial performance of NPI s technical know-hows fall below our original
expectations, we assessed the recoverability of the carrying value of certain intangible assets which resulted in impairment losses
of 88,415 and nil, respectively for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 . 

Impairment loss of goodwill 

Our
impairment loss of goodwill was 1,226,419 and nil, respectively for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. The impairment loss of
goodwill was primarily attributable to the impairment related to NPI as the financial performance of the reporting unit of FinTech App
development continued to fall below our original expectations. 

Loss
on Change in Fair Value of Convertible Notes 

Our
loss on change in fair value of convertible notes decreased from 199,000 in 2020 to 47,092 in 2021 due to fluctuation in the
fair value of our convertible notes, which we issued in 2020 and 2021. We elected to measure the convertible notes in their
entirety at fair value with changes in fair value recognized as non-operating income or loss at each balance sheet date. 

Other
Income 

Other
income for the year ended August 31, 2021 amounted to 145,432 as compared to 149,262 in the prior year, representing a reduction of
 3,830. The drop was due primarily to the decrease in interest income on notes receivable from 139,430 during the year ended August
31, 2020 to nil during the year ended August 31, 2021, offset by the increase of exchange difference, net from nil for the year ended
August 31, 2020 to 141,902 for the year ended August 31, 2021. 

Net
Loss 

As
a result of the foregoing, our net loss was 11,693,492 for the year ended August 31, 2021, as compared to 9,842,829 for the
year ended August 31, 2020. The net loss was mainly derived from general and administrative expenses. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
had 787,154 in cash and cash equivalents as of August 31, 2021. 

Net cash used in operating activities
for the year ended August 31, 2021 was 3,620,605, as compared to 956,849 for the year ended August 31, 2020. The net cash used
in operating activities for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 were mainly due to our net loss (excluding share-based compensation,
depreciation and amortization, loss on change in fair value of convertible notes and impairment losses) of 3,336,631
for the year ended August 31, 2021, as compared to 1,443,400 for the year ended August 31, 2020. 

 Net
cash used in investing activities for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 were 74,551 and 2,057,014, respectively. The net cash
used in investing activities for the year ended August 31, 2021 was mainly related to acquisition of plant and equipment of 71,068.
The net cash used in investing activities for the year ended August 31, 2020 were for the issuance of notes receivable of 2,291,760
and partially offset by the notes repayment of 50,000 and acquisition of NPI, net of cash on hand amounted to 185,117. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended August 31, 2021 was 4,063,386, as compared to 2,998,388 for the year
ended August 31, 2020. For the year ended August 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was mainly from the issuance of
shares in private placement of 3,636,980 and convertible notes issuance of 800,000. The net cash provided by financing activities for
the year ended August 31, 2020 was mainly attributed to the proceeds from the shares issued in private placement of 1,570,014, convertible
notes issuance of 230,000 and advance from a director of 1,396,576. 

22 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

We
regularly evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to make budgetary and financial statement assumptions. A complete
summary of these policies is included in the notes to our financial statements. In general, management s estimates are based on
historical experience, on information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. The discussion of our critical
accounting policies contained in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, 
is incorporated herein by reference. We believe that the following critical accounting policies affect the most significant estimates
and management judgments used in preparing our consolidated financial statements. 

Goodwill
and impairment of goodwill 

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price and related costs over the fair value of the net identified tangible and intangible assets
and liabilities assumed and is not amortized. The total amount of goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 

In
accordance with ASC Topic 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other, goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment,
annually or more frequently when circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Impairment testing is performed at a reporting
unit level. An impairment loss generally would be recognized when the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. 

We
estimate fair value of the applicable reporting unit or units using a discounted cash flow methodology. This methodology represents a
level 3 fair value measurement as defined under ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, since the inputs are not readily observable
in the marketplace. The goodwill impairment testing process involves the use of significant assumptions, estimates and judgments, including
projected sales, gross margins, selling, general and administrative expenses, and capital expenditures, and the selection of an appropriate
discount rate, all of which are subject to inherent uncertainties and subjectivity. When we perform goodwill impairment testing, its
assumptions are based on annual business plans and other forecasted results, which it believes represent those of a market participant.
We select a discount rate, which is used to reflect market-based estimates of the risks associated with the projected cash flows based
on the best information available as of the date of the impairment assessment. Based on the annual impairment analysis, there is impairment
of 1,226,419 on the goodwill recorded in our financial statements. The impairment loss of goodwill was primarily attributable to the
impairment related to NPI as the financial performance of the reporting unit of FinTech App development continued to fall below our original
expectations. 

23 

Given
the current macro-economic environment and the uncertainties regarding its potential impact on our business, there can be no assurance
that its estimates and assumptions used in its impairment tests will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. If the Company s
assumptions regarding forecasted cash flows are not achieved, it is possible that an impairment review may be triggered and goodwill
may be impaired. 

Revenue
recognition 

We
adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which establishes principles
for reporting information about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from the entity s
contracts to provide goods or services to customers. The core principle requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer
of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that it expects to be entitled to receive in exchange
for those goods or services recognized as performance obligations are satisfied. 

We
recognized revenues following the five-step model prescribed under ASU No. 2014-09: 

Step
 1: Identify the contract 

Step
 2: Identify the performance obligations 

Step
 3: Determine the transaction price 

Step
 4: Allocate the transaction price 

Step
 5: Recognize revenue 

Revenues
are recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, which may occur at a point in time or
over time depending on the terms and conditions of the agreement, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled
to in exchange for those goods or services. 

Provision
of investment platform services 

We
signed an agreement with a third party whereby the Company authorizes the third party to use our investment platform and related applications
for a period until December 31, 2020. Income from provision of investment platform services with the use of our mobile applications is
recognized when the service is performed. 

From
September, 2020, we generated additional revenue from a new, more comprehensive mobile application, which refer to as the FinMaster mobile
application (the FinMaster App and together with the JFB platform, the Apps ), with similar functions as the
JFB platform. Income from providing investment platform services with the use of a mobile application is recognized when the service
is performed. 

We
offer a self-managed points program, which can be used in the FinMaster App to redeem merchandise or services. We determine the value
of each point based on estimated incremental cost. Customers and advocates have a variety of ways to obtain the points. The major accounting
policy for its points program is described as follows: 

We
conclude the bonus points offered linked to the purchase transaction of the points is a material right and accordingly a separate performance
obligation according to ASC 606, and should be taken into consideration when allocating the transaction price of the point sales. We
also estimate the probability of points redemption when performing the allocation. The amount allocated to the bonus points as separate
performance obligation is recorded as contract liability (deferred revenue) and revenue should be recognized when future goods or services
are transferred. We will continue to monitor when and if forfeiture rate data becomes available and will apply and update the estimated
forfeiture rate at each reporting period. 

Since
historical information is limited for us to determine any potential points forfeitures and most merchandise can be redeemed without requiring
a significant amount of points compared with the amount of points provided to users, we have used an estimated forfeiture rate of zero. 

24 

Provision
of software development service and maintenance service 

We
entered into several agreements with third party customers to assist the customers in the development of their mobile communications
software and mobile e-commerce software. Income from provision of software development service and maintenance service are recognized
when the service is performed. 

Impairment
of long-lived assets (including amortizable intangible assets) 

We
review the carrying values of long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount
of an asset to the undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the assets are considered to be impaired,
the impairment recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets.
Impairment of 88,415 and nil has been recorded by us for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The impairment loss
of intangible assets was primarily attributable to the financial performance of NPI s technical know-hows fall below our original
expectations and they assessed the recoverability of the carrying value of certain intangible assets which resulted in impairment losses. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

For
further information on recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of August 31, 2021, we have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future
effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources that are material to our stockholders. 

Fiscal
Year 

Our
fiscal year ends on August 31. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide the information
required by this Item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Please
see the financial statements beginning on page F-1 located in this Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

25 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our management has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under the supervision
of our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Treasurer (principal financial officer), of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of August 31, 2021. Disclosure controls and procedures refer
to controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and chief
financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating
and implementing possible controls and procedures. 

Management
conducted its evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive
officer) and Treasurer (principal financial officer). Based upon, and as of the date of this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
(principal executive officer) and Treasurer (principal financial officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of August 31, 2021 due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which are described
below. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal
control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer (principal
executive officer) and Treasurer (principal financial officer), and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

(2) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management and
 directors; and 

(3)
 
 provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021. In making this assessment,
management used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. The COSO framework summarizes each of the components of a company s
internal control system, including (i) the control environment, (ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and
communication, and (v) monitoring. Based on our assessment, as a result of the material weaknesses described below, our Chief Executive
Officer and principal financial officer determined that, as of August 31, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was not
effective because of the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting has been identified. 

26 

A
material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual financial statements will not be prevented or detected in a timely
basis. 

Management
identified the following material weaknesses during its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021. 

1. 
 We
 do not have an audit committee While we are not obligated to have an audit committee, it is management s view that
 such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an utmost important entity level control over the Company s financial
 reporting. Currently, our Chief Executive Officer and directors act in the capacity of the audit committee, and do not include a
 member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight over management s activities. 

2. 
 We
 do not have adequate written policies and procedures Due to lack of adequate written policies and procedures for accounting
 and financial reporting, we did not establish a formal process to close our books monthly and account for all transactions in a timely
 manner. 

3. 
 We
 did not implement appropriate information technology controls As at August 31, 2021, we retained copies of all financial
 data and material agreements; however, there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup of our data or off-site storage
 of the data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors and we do not have sufficient control policies
 that prevent inappropriate and unauthorized use of the system across all layers of systems. 

4. 
 We
 do not have sufficient and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level of technical accounting knowledge and experience
 in the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. 

Notwithstanding
these material weaknesses, however, management has concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report
present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity
with U.S. GAAP. 

Management s
Remediation Initiatives 

In
an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to initiate,
the following series of measures: 

1. 
 Create
 a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise
 within the accounting function when funds are available to us. 

2. 
 Prepare
 written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting to establish a formal process to close our books monthly on
 an accrual basis and account for all transactions, including equity and debt transactions, in a timely manner. 

3. 
 Add
 staff members to our management team to make sure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed and submitted under
 the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required and the staff members will have segregated
 responsibilities with regard to these responsibilities. 

4. 
 Plan
 to hire professional consultant to review and assist the company to design and implement
 proper information technology controls and policies on the company s operations. 

We
anticipate that these initiatives will be at least partially, if not fully, implemented by the end of fiscal year 2022. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Form 10-K, which has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting: 

This
Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered independent public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered independent
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s
report in this Form 10-K. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

27 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of all of our current directors and executive officer(s), who are appointed by, and serve
at the pleasure of, the Company s board of directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Yi-Hsiu
 Lin 
 
 53 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 
 
 Shui
 Fung Cheng 
 
 59 
 
 Director 

Yi-Hsiu
Lin 

Mr.
Lin has served as our Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and a member of our board of directors since our inception.
Mr. Lin has also served as a director of First Leader Capital Ltd., JFB Internet Service LTD. and Leader Financial Asset Management Limited
since 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Since 2014, Mr. Lin has served as a director for Aquarius Protection Fund SPC, where he is primarily
responsible for administrative management and operation planning. From 2010 to the present, Mr. Lin has served as the Chief Executive
Officer and a director Leader Financial Asset Management Limited, an investment advisory and management service. Mr. Lin graduated from
Overseas Chinese University in Taiwan with a Bachelor s Degree in Accounting in 2004. Mr. Lin s extensive experience in the
financial industry provides him with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our Company. 

Shui
Fung Cheng 

Mr.
Cheng has served as a member of our board of directors since August of 2017. Mr. Cheng has also served as a director of Leader Financial
Asset Management since 2015. From 2013 to 2018, he served as a director for HF Group, a company that provides professional services for
investment, skilled migration to the European Union and oversea real estate investment. Mr. Cheng was responsible for the development
of business strategies, investment decisions and he oversaw all operational activities. Mr. Cheng s extensive experience in management
and business development provide him with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our Company. 

None
of our directors is related to any other director or any officer. None of our directors has been involved in a legal proceeding that
requires disclosure pursuant to Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

Corporate
Governance 

The
Company promotes accountability for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable
disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with the SEC and in other public communications made by the Company; and strives
to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. The Company has not formally adopted a written code of business
conduct and ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers and directors as the Company is not required to do so. 

In
lieu of an audit committee, the Company s board of directors is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning
the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company s financial
statements and other services provided by the Company s independent public accountants. The board of directors and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company review the Company s internal accounting controls, practices and policies. Consequently, we do not have
a board member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. 

28 

Committees
of the Board 

Our
Company currently does not have nominating, compensation, or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our
Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our directors believe that it is not necessary to have such
committees, at this time, because the directors can adequately perform the functions of such committees. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

There
have been no events under any bankruptcy act, no criminal proceedings and no judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees material to the
evaluation of the ability and integrity of any director, executive officer, promoter or control person of the Company during the past
ten years. 

Independence
of Directors 

We
are not required to have independent members of our board of directors, and do not anticipate having independent directors until such
time as we are required to do so. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have not adopted a formal code of ethics. The board of directors evaluated the business of the Company and the number of employees and
determined that since the business is operated by a small number of persons, general rules of fiduciary duty and federal and state criminal,
business conduct and securities laws are adequate ethical guidelines. In the event our operations, employees and/or directors expand
in the future, we may take actions to adopt a formal code of ethics. 

Shareholder
Proposals 

Our
Company does not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for stockholders to submit recommendations or nominations
for directors. The board of directors believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature
and of little assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific
or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the board of directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating
such nominees. The board of directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or stockholders, and make recommendations
for election or appointment. 

A
shareholder who wishes to communicate with our board of directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our Chief Executive
Officer at the address appearing on the first page of this Form 10-K. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Pursuant
to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company s directors, officers and persons who beneficially own 10 
or more of the common stock are required to file reports specifying their initial ownership of common stock and subsequent changes in
that ownership to the SEC. These reports are required to be filed within specified time periods established by the SEC. Based solely
on our review of reports filed with the SEC, we believe that no director, officer, or 10 shareholder failed to timely file in fiscal
year ended August 31, 2021 any report required by Section 16(a), other than the following transactions: 

(i) 
 filing
 by First Leader Capital Ltd. and related entities and persons, including Yi-Hsiu Lin, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and
 a member of the Company s board of directors, with respect to one transaction dated June 30, 2020 pertaining to the cancellation
 of 5,500,000 shares of common stock pursuant to the terms of a stock forfeiture letter. Such late Form 4 was filed on December
 14, 2020; and 

(ii) 
 filing
 by Mr. Cheng Shui Fung, a member of the Company s board of directors, with respect to two transactions dated February 25, 2021
 pertaining to sale of the Company s common stock. Such late Form 4 was filed on March 2, 2021. 

29 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
following table sets forth the cash and other compensation paid by the Company to its named executive officer and directors during the
years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Name and Position 
 Year ) 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock
 Awards (1) ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Yi-Hsiu Lin Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and director 
 2021 
 None (2) 
 None 
 1,000,000 
 None 
 34,208 (3) 
 1,034,208 

2020 
 None 
 None 
 1,250,000 
 None 
 30,867 
 1,280,867 

Shui Fung Cheng Director 
 2021 
 None (4) 
 None 
 600,000 
 None 
 28,229 (3) 
 628,229 

2020 
 None 
 None 
 750,000 
 None 
 2,171 
 752,171 

(1) 
 The
 amounts in the Stock Awards column do not reflect compensation actually received by our executive officers. Rather,
 these amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value of all service based RSUs and the target value of the performance based
 RSUs granted during each fiscal year computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. 

(2) 
 In
 lieu of Mr. Lin s 50,000 annual salary, the Company elected to compensate Mr. Lin with 2,500,000 shares of restricted common
 stock pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement. 

(3) 
 Amount
 reflects a monthly allowance payable to the individual. 

(4) 
 In
 lieu of Mr. Cheng s 30,000 annual compensation, the Company elected to compensate Mr. Cheng with 1,500,000 shares restricted
 common stock pursuant to the terms of his director offer letter. 

Employment
Agreement(s) 

On
September 1, 2019, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Yi-Hsiu Lin to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company
for a two year term. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Lin will be compensated at an annual rate of 50,000 per year (the Base Compensation ),
prorated for any partial year. In place of Base Compensation, the Company, at its option, may pay Mr. Lin 2,500,000 shares of restricted
stock, which would vest as of September 16, 2019. In addition, Mr. Lin may be entitled to bonus compensation of up to three (3) times
Base Compensation based on his achievement of appropriate performance criteria to be determined by the board of directors or a committee
thereof. The agreement will terminate upon death and total or permanent disability. It may also be terminated for cause, 
as defined in the agreement, upon three days notice if the triggering incident has not been cured in a reasonable time, but no
less than 14 days. Additionally, during his employment and for a period of two years following the termination of his employment, Mr.
Lin agreed not to: (a) directly solicit, encourage, or take any other action which is intended to induce any other employee of the Company
to terminate his or her employment with the Company; or (b) directly interfere in any manner with the contractual or employment relationship
between the Company and any such employee of the Company. Similarly, during his employment and for a period of two years following the
termination of his employment, Mr. Lin agreed not to directly or indirectly, whether for his own account or for the account of any other
individual or entity, solicit the business or patronage of any customers of the Company with respect to products and/or services directly
related to a competitive business activity, as defined in the agreement. The agreement also contains a standard confidentiality
clause. 

On
September 1, 2021, the Company renewed the employment agreement with Yi-Hsiu Lin for additional two years. Pursuant to the agreement,
Mr. Lin will be compensated at an annual rate of 120,000 per year (the Base Compensation ), prorated for any partial year,
payable in cash or with 2,500,000 shares of restricted common stock, which would vest as of March 1, 2022 and March 1, 2023. In addition,
Mr. Lin may be entitled to bonus compensation of up to three times the Base Compensation based on his achievement of appropriate performance
criteria to be determined by the board of directors or a committee thereof. 

Director
Compensation 

On
September 1, 2019, the Company issued a director offer letter to Shui Fung Cheng, pursuant to which Mr. Cheng agreed to serve as a member
of our board of directors for a one year term. For his service as a director, Mr. Cheng will receive annual compensation in the form
of 30,000 in cash or 1,500,000 shares of restricted common stock. The offer letter contains a customary termination provision and standard
confidentiality clauses; and will be automatically renewed unless the director resigned or a new offer letter is entered into. 

On
September 1, 2021, the Company issued a director offer letter to Shui Fung Cheng, pursuant to which Mr. Cheng agreed to serve as
member of our board of directors for a one year term. For his service as a director, Mr. Cheng will receive annual compensation in
the form of 80,000 in cash or 1,500,000 shares of restricted common stock. The offer letter contains a customary termination
provision and standard confidentiality clauses ; and will be automatically renewed unless the director resigned or a new offer
letter is entered into. 

As
of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K, 1,662,437 has been paid to our directors by cash and stock compensation. In the
future, the Company may decide to award the members of the board of directors cash or stock based consideration for their services to
the Company, which awards, if granted shall be in the sole determination of the board of directors. 

Executive
Compensation Philosophy 

Our
board of directors determines the compensation given to our executive officers in their sole discretion. Our board of directors reserves
the right to pay our executive or any future executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock issued in consideration for
services rendered and/or to award incentive bonuses that are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s
performance. This package may also include long-term stock based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance
of our executives with our long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our board of directors has not granted any performance
base stock options to date, the board of directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if they in their sole determination
believes such grants would be in the best interests of the Company. 

30 

Incentive
Bonus 

The
board of directors may grant incentive bonuses to our executive officer and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if the
board of directors believes such bonuses are in the Company s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and
growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability
of such executives. 

Long-term,
Stock Based Compensation 

In
order to attract, retain and motivate executive talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy we may award
our executive and any future executives with long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our board of
directors, which we do not currently have any immediate plans to award. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of December 10, 2021, regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock
by the following persons: 

our
 Named Executive Officer; 

each
 director; 

our
 executive officer and director as a group; and 

each
 person or entity who, to our knowledge, owns more than 5 of our common stock. 

Except
as indicated in the footnotes to the following table, subject to applicable community property laws, each stockholder named in the table
has sole voting and investment power. Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each stockholder listed is c/o Leader Capital Holdings
Corp., Room 2708-09, Metropolis Tower, 10 Metropolis Drive, Hung Hom, Hong Kong. Shares of common stock subject to options, warrants,
or other rights currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 10, 2020, are deemed to be beneficially owned and outstanding
for computing the share ownership and percentage of the stockholder holding the options, warrants or other rights, but are not deemed
outstanding for computing the percentage of any other stockholder. The information provided in the following table is based on our records,
information filed with the SEC, and information furnished by our stockholders. 

As
of December 10, 2021, the Company has 162,109,219 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, which number of issued
and outstanding shares of common stock have been used throughout this Form 10-K. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares of Common Stock Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Total Voting Percentage Beneficially 
 Owned 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Yi-Hsiu Lin 
 56,137,778 (1) 
 34.6 
 
 Shui Fung Cheng 
 7,439,225 (2) 
 4.5 
 
 All Directors and Officers as a Group (2 individuals) 
 58,406,725 (3) 
 36.0 
 
 More than 5 Beneficial Owner 

Anzhao International Limited(4) 
 10,000,000 
 6.1 
 
 First Leader Capital Ltd.(5) 
 32,867,500 
 20.2 

(1)
Consists of (i) 5,100,000 shares of common stock beneficially held by Mr. Lin, (ii) 32,867,500 shares of common stock beneficially held
by First Leader Capital Ltd., over which Mr. Lin has sole voting and investment power as the sole owner of such entity, (iii) 3,000,000
shares of common stock beneficially held by CPN Investment Ltd., over which Mr. Lin has sole voting and investment power, (iv) 5,170,278
shares of common stock beneficially held by Leader Financial Asset Management Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands,
over which Mr. Lin has shared voting and investment power over as a director of such entity, and (v) 10,000,000 shares of common stock
beneficially held by Anzhao International Limited, over which Mr. Lin has voting and investment power given that he has the sole right
to appoint the trustee of the Gratis Trust and the right to remove any such trustee with or without cause or for any reason, which trust
has the right to appoint or remove the director of Anzhao International Limited. 

31 

(2)
Consists of (i) 2,268,947 shares of common stock beneficially held by Mr. Cheng and (ii) 5,170,278 shares of common stock beneficially
held by Leader Financial Asset Management Limited, over which Mr. Cheng has shared voting and investment power as a director of such
entity. 

(3)
Consists of (i) 5,100,000 shares of common stock beneficially held by Mr. Lin, (ii) 2,268,947 shares of common stock beneficially held
by Mr. Cheng, (iii) 32,867,500 shares of common stock beneficially held by First Leader Capital Ltd., over which Mr. Lin has sole voting
and investment power as the sole owner of such entity, (iv) 3,000,000 shares of common stock beneficially held by CPN Investment Ltd.,
over which Mr. Lin has sole voting and investment power, (v) 5,170,278 shares of common stock beneficially held by Leader Financial Asset
Management Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, over which Messrs. Lin and Cheng have shared voting and investment
power over as directors of such entity, and (vi) 10,000,000 shares of common stock beneficially held by Anzhao International Limited,
over which Mr. Lin has voting and investment power given that he has the sole right to appoint the trustee of the Gratis Trust and the
right to remove any such trustee with or without cause or for any reason, which trust has the right to appoint or remove the director
of Anzhao International Limited. 

(4)
Top Goal Management Ltd is the sole director of Anzhao International Limited and, therefore, has voting and investment power over the
shares held by Anzhao International Limited. The authorized representatives of Top Goal Management Ltd (six individuals) have voting
and investment power with respect to such shares. The sole stockholder of Anzhao International Limited is Unity Trust Limited, which
holds the shares of Anzhao International Limited as trustee for the benefit of the Gratis Trust, which is an irrevocable trust. Mr. Lin
is the appointor of the Gratis Trust and, as a result has the sole right to appoint the trustee of the Gratis Trust and the right to
remove any such trustee with or without cause or for any reason. The mailing address of this beneficial holder is 4007 Central Plaza,
18 Harbour Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong. 

(5)
Mr. Lin has sole voting and investment power over these shares of common stock as the sole owner of this entity. The mailing address
of this beneficial holder is 9F-3, No.910, Sec.2, Taiwan Blvd., Xitun Dist., Taichung City 407, Taiwan (R.O.C). 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

As
of August 31, 2021, the Company has not authorized any securities for issuance under an equity compensation plan. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Related
Party Transactions 

SEC
regulations define the related person transactions that require disclosure to include any transaction, arrangement or relationship in
which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two
completed fiscal years in which we were or are to be a participant and in which a related person had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest. A related person is: (i) an executive officer, director or director nominee, (ii) a beneficial owner of more than
5 of our common stock, (iii) an immediate family member of an executive officer, director or director nominee or beneficial owner of
more than 5 of our common stock, or (iv) any entity that is owned or controlled by any of the foregoing persons or in which any of the
foregoing persons has a substantial ownership interest or control. 

32 

For
the period from September 1, 2019, through the date of this report, described below are certain transactions or series of transactions
between us and certain related persons. 

On
September 1, 2018 (before the acquisition of NPI), JFB appointed LOC to develop a mobile application in four stages for a total consideration
of TWD20,000,000 651,466), payable in the form of common shares of the Company. As of August 31, 2019, the first and second stages
of development for the basic functions of the mobile application have been completed, and the Company has issued a total of 908,678 of
restricted common shares in aggregate at 0.50 per share for the work completed up to August 31, 2019. The Company has expensed 454,339
development costs for the first and second development stage in general and administrative expenses for the year ended August 31, 2019.
In August 2020, the development of the mobile application has been completed, and the Company expensed 0.2 million development costs
in general and administrative expenses for the year ended August 31, 2020. Further 0.6 million was incurred for additional functions
developed and 0.2 million was incurred for the acquisition of the ownership of the intellectual property. 

From
April 2019, the Company entered into multiple loan agreements with LOC and BJDC. The loans are secured by personal guarantees of certain
of its ultimate stockholders, bear interest at 8 per annum, and are due on various dates through August 2021. Interest of nil
and 137,626 was charged as expenses from these two companies for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The
Company sublet its commercial office in Taipei to Greenpro LF Limited under non-cancelable operating lease at a monthly rental of HK 22,000 2,821), adjusted to HK 22,900 2,936) from November 1, 2019, with a term of 31 months until October 31, 2020. Greenpro LF Limited
was also obligated to pay the Company HK 230,000 29,487) for leasehold improvements. The sub-letting arrangement was terminated by
agreement of the parties early on February 28, 2019. The Company received 1,838 and nil in leasehold improvements income from
Greenpro LF Limited for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. Our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Yi-Hsiu Lin, is a director of Greenpro
LF Limited. 

On
September 1, 2020, LOC leased an office in Taichung, Taiwan from the Company s shareholder. The lease was renewed on April 1, 2021
for additional one-year term. The monthly lease was for the amount of NTD 45,000 1,595), with a term of one year. During the year ended
August 31, 2021, the Company recognized rental expenses of 19,135 that are included in general and administrative expenses. 

On
February 24, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 110,000, which accrues interest at the
rate of 6 per annum, to a shareholder Teh-Ling Chen. The note is due on February 24, 2022 and unsecured. On August 18, 2020,
two of the Noteholders submitted conversion notices to the Company converting all of the outstanding balances of their Notes into an
aggregate of 325,000 shares of the Company s common stock. 

33 

On
February 27, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 20,000, which accrues interest at the
rate of 6 per annum, to a shareholder Li-Ching Yang. The note is due on February 27, 2022 and unsecured. 

On
March 18, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 100,000, which accrues interest at the rate
of 6 per annum, to a shareholder Jui-Chin Chen. The note is due on March 18, 2022 and unsecured. 

On
August 17, 2020, the Company entered into amendments to the Notes and the convertible promissory note purchase agreements with each of
the Noteholders, wherein, at the sole option of the applicable Noteholder, all or part of the unpaid outstanding principal of such Noteholder s
Note would be convertible into shares of restricted common stock of the Company at a conversion price equal to 0.40 per share. On August
18, 2020, two of the Noteholders submitted conversion notices to the Company converting all of the outstanding balances of their Notes
into an aggregate of 325,000 shares of the Company s common stock. 

On
November 2, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 100,000, which accrues interest at the
rate of 6 per annum, to a shareholder Teh-Ling Chen. The note is due on November 2, 2022 and unsecured. 

On
November 25, 2020, the Company further issued convertible promissory notes in the total principal amount of 600,000, which accrues interest
at the rate of 6 per annum, to shareholders Chin-Ping Wang, Chin-Nan Wang and Chin-Chiang Wang. The note is due on November 25,
2022 and unsecured. 

On
January 15, 2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 100,000, which accrues interest at the
rate of 6 per annum, to a shareholder Teh-Ling Chen. The note is due on January 15, 2023 and unsecured. 

For
each of the convertible promissory notes, the Company is entitled to a one-year extension. The outstanding principal amounts of the notes
are convertible at any time at the option of the holders into common stock at a conversion price of either 1 per share if converted
within one year or 1.5 per share if converted after one year. Each of the lenders may convert part of the principal outstanding in increments
of 10,000 or multiples of 10,000 at any time. Accrued interest, if any, will be forfeited on any principal amount being converted. 

Fair
value of the convertible promissory notes of 990,000 and 104,000 as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 respectively are determined using the
binomial model, one of the option pricing methods. The valuation involves complex and subjective judgment and the Company s best
estimates of the probability of occurrence of future events, such as fundamental changes, on the valuation date. Under the binomial valuation
model, the Group uses a weighted risk-free and risk interest rate (the combination of the risk free rate plus the credit spread for the
underlying Notes) weighted by the probability of conversion as internally solved out by binomial model in discounting its cash flows.
The main inputs to this model include the underlying share price, the expected share volatility, the expected dividend yield, the risk
free and risk interest rate. 

During
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, interest of 44,908 and 3,997 were incurred on the Notes, respectively. 

As
of August 31, 2021, Mr. Lin has advanced an aggregate total of 1,098,374 to the Company for working capital purposes. The loan
is unsecured, bears no interest and is payable upon demand. 

34 

Review,
Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions 

Given
our small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification
of transactions, such as those described above, with our executive officer(s), director(s) and significant stockholders. We intend to
establish formal policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional directors, so
that such transactions will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our board of directors, or an appropriate committee
thereof. On a moving forward basis, our directors will continue to approve any related party transaction. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors currently consists of two directors. None of our directors are independent as defined in Rule 5605(a)(2)
of the Nasdaq listing rules. We may appoint an independent director or directors to our board of directors in the future, particularly
to serve on appropriate committees should they be established. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Set
forth below are approximate fees for services rendered by Centurion ZD CPA Co., our independent registered public accounting firm,
and by TAAD LLP for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Audit Fees 
 153,500 
 72,900 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 10,000 
 85,000 
 
 Tax Fees 
 12,833 
 3,000 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 

Audit
Fees 

The
fees for the audit services billed and to be billed by Centurion ZD CPA Co. for the year ended August 31, 2021 amounted to 153,500. 

The
fees for the audit services billed and to be billed by Centurion ZD CPA Co. for the year ended August 31, 2020 amounted to 68,400.
The fees for audit services billed by TAAD LLP for services for the year ended August 31, 2020 amounted to 4,500. 

35 

Audit-Related
Fees 

The
fees for the audit-related services billed and to be billed by Centurion ZD CPA Co. for the year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020
amounted to 10,000 and 85,000 respectively. 

Tax
Fees 

There
were no tax fees billed by Centurion ZD CPA Co. for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. Tax fees of 12,833 and 3,000 were
billed by TAAD LLP in the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

All
Other Fees 

There
were no fees billed by Centurion ZD CPA Co. for other products and services for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Audit
Committee s Pre-Approval Process 

The
Company does not have a standing audit committee or a committee performing similar functions. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)
Financial Statements 

We
have filed the following documents as part of this Form 10-K: 

1.
Financial Statements: 

Page
 No. 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Equity for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

2.
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of
the schedule, or the required information is otherwise included 

(b)
Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2020, among Leader Capital Holdings Corp., JFB Internet Service Limited, Nice Products Inc., the Sellers and the Sellers Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the current report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on August 21, 2020). 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registration statement on Form S-1 of the Company, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2017). 

36 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registration statement on Form S-1 of the Company, filed with the SEC on November
 14, 2017). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registration statement on Form 10-12G of the Company, filed with
 the SEC on March 27, 2020). 

4.2 
 
 Form
 of Bond (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on August
 19, 2019). 

4.3 
 
 Description
 of Registrant s Securities. 

10.1 
 
 Tenancy
 Agreement, dated April 15, 2019, by and between JFB Internet Service Limited and Calvary Consultant Limited (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2019 of the Company, filed with the SEC on November
 29, 2019). 

10.2 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated September 1, 2019, by and between the Company and Yi-Hsiu Lin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
 annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2019 of the Company, filed with the SEC on November 29, 2019). 

10.3 
 
 Director
 Offer Letter, dated September 1, 2019, by and between the Company and Shui Fung Cheng (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
 to the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2019 of the Company, filed with the SEC on November 29, 2019). 

10.4 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement, dated September 1, 2019, by and between the Company and Kuo-Hsun Hsu (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2019 of the Company, filed with the SEC on January 14,
 2020). 

10.5 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement, dated September 1, 2019, by and between the Company and Chien Chiao (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
 quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2019 of the Company, filed with the SEC on January 14,
 2020). 

10.6 
 
 Form
 of Bond Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with
 the SEC on August 19, 2019). 

10.7 
 
 Stock
 Forfeiture Letter, dated as of June 30, 2020, by and between Leader Capital Holdings Corp. and First Leader Capital Ltd. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on July 7, 2020). 

10.8 
 
 Form
 of Convertible Promissory Notes Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K of
 the Company, filed with the SEC on August 21, 2020). 

10.9 
 
 Form
 of Amendment No. 1 to the Promissory Note and the Convertible Promissory Notes Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 21, 2020). 

10.10 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated November 1, 2020, by and between the Company and Yi-Fang Liao (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on January 19, 2021). 

10.11 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated November 1, 2020, by and between the Company and Chia-Jung Liang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on January 19, 2021). 

10.12 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated March 1, 2021, by and between the Company and Raymond Kwan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on April 19, 2021). 

10.13 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 20, 2021). 

10.14 
 
 Stock Forfeiture Letter, dated May 17, 2021, by and between Leader Capital Holdings Corp. and First Leader Capital Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 20, 2021). 

10.15 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 2, 2021). 

10.16 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 10, 2021). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of Leader Capital Holdings Corp. 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Management contracts or compensation plans or arrangements in which directors or executive officers are eligible to participate. 

Item 16. Form 10 K Summary. 

None 

37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LEADER
 CAPITAL HOLDINGS CORP. 

Date:
 December 14, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Yi-Hsiu Lin 

Title: 
 Yi-Hsiu
 Lin 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

By: 
 /s/
 Yi-Hsiu Lin 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director 
 
 December 14, 2021 

Yi-Hsiu
 Lin 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Shui Fung Cheng 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 14, 2021 

Shui
 Fung Cheng 

38 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS 

Page
 No. 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Equity for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Leader
Capital Holdings Corp. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Leader Capital Holdings Corp. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders 
equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended August 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to
as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the two years in the period ended August 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. 

Consideration
of the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, and records an accumulated
deficit as of August 31, 2021, and currently has net working capital deficit. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. These consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
 Centurion ZD CPA Co. 

Centurion
 ZD CPA Co. 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

Hong
 Kong, China 

December 14, 2021 

F- 2 

LEADER
CAPITAL HOLDINGS CORP 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS
OF AUGUST 31, 2021 AND 2020 

 (In
U.S. dollars except share and per share data) 

2021 
 2020 

As of August 31, 

2021 
 2020 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 

Inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Due from a director 
 - 

Due from a related company 
 - 

Loan to a shareholder 
 - 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Plant and equipment, net 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Contract liabilities 

Operating lease liability, current 

Loan from a shareholder 
 - 

Due to shareholders 

Due to a director 

Bonds payable 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes payable to related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, non-current 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Bonds payable 
 - 

Convertible notes payable to related parties 

Total non-current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 14) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, 
 par value; shares
 authorized; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, 
 par value; shares authorized;
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficits 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

LEADER
CAPITAL HOLDINGS CORP 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2021 AND 2020 

 (In
U.S. dollars except share and per share data) 

2021 
 2020 

Year ended August 31, 

2021 
 2020 

REVENUE 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Research and development expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 
 - 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Impairment loss of intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment loss of goodwill 
 
 - 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

Interest expenses 

Loss on change in fair value of convertible notes 

OTHER INCOME 

Other income from related parties 

Other income from non-related parties 

Foreign exchange gain, net 
 
 - 
 
 Non-operating Income (Expense) 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX 

Income tax benefit 
 
 - 

NET LOSS 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 
 - 

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Net loss per share - Basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding - Basic
 and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

LEADER
CAPITAL HOLDINGS CORP 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2021 AND 2020 

 (In
U.S. dollars except for share data) 

COMMON STOCK 
 ADDITIONAL 
 OTHER 
 
 TOTAL 

Number of shares 
 Amount 
 PAID IN CAPITAL 
 COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 ACCUMULATED DEFICITS 
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 Balance as of September 1, 2019 

- 

Shares issued to service providers 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Shares issued to board of directors 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Shares issued to employees 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Shares issued for the acquisition of NPI 

- 
 - 

Shares issued to note holders 

- 
 - 

Shares issued in private placement 

- 
 - 

Cancellation of restricted shares issued 

Cancellation of restricted shares issued, shares 

Share based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of August 31, 2020 

- 

Shares issued to service providers 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Shares issued to employees 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Shares issued in private placement 

- 
 - 

Cancellation of restricted shares issued 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Share based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of August 31, 2021 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

LEADER
CAPITAL HOLDINGS CORP 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In
U.S. dollars) 

2021 
 2020 

For the year ended August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Share-based compensation expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Impairment loss on intangible assets and goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on change in fair value of convertible notes 

Exchange difference, net 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 

Inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable 
 - 

Amount due from a director 

Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of plant and equipment 

Issuance of notes receivable 
 - 

Repayment of notes receivable 
 - 

Acquisition of NPI, net of cash on hand 
 - 

Acquisition of intangible assets 
 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from shares issued in private placement 

Proceeds from convertible notes issuance 

Advance from a director 

Repayment to a director 

(Repayment to) Loan from a shareholder 

Advance to shareholders 
 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 
 - 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Common stock issued for acquisition of NPI 
 - 

Common stock issued to note holders 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOWS INFORMATION 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for interest 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

LEADER
CAPITAL HOLDINGS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the YEARS ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

 (In
U.S. dollars) 

2.

On
August 17, 2020, LCHD, through JFB, acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock (the Acquisition of Nice
Products Inc. NPI ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of that certain Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of the Closing
Date, among the Company, JFB, NPI, the selling shareholders of NPI identified therein (each a Seller, and, collectively,
the Sellers and the representative of the Sellers identified therein. As a result of the Acquisition, the Company now
owns indirectly 
of NPI, LOC Weibo Co., Ltd. and Beijing DataComm Cloud Media Technology Co., Ltd. 

The
aggregate purchase price for the Acquisition was ,
less certain discounts, expenses and reductions for outstanding NPI debt owed to the Company and/or its affiliates, resulting in a net
purchase price of ,
payable in 
 shares of the Company s common stock to
the Sellers in accordance with their respective pro rata percentage. 

After
the completion of the acquisition, NPI became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

NPI
was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on December 17, 2018. 

NPI,
through its subsidiaries, mainly engages in the development of ecological-systems applications, integration of big data and promotion
of OTT applications. 

2.

LCHD
and its subsidiaries (including NPI and its subsidiaries) are hereinafter referred to as the Company . 

and
 respectively
as of August 31, 2021. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s profit generating operations in the future and/or
obtaining the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when
they become due. 

The
Company expects to finance its operations primarily through cash flows from operations, loans from existing directors and shareholders
and placements of capital stock for additional funding. In the event that the Company requires additional funding to finance the growth
of the Company s current and expected future operations as well as to achieve our strategic objectives, a shareholder has indicated
the intent and ability to provide additional financing. No assurance can be given that any future financing, if needed, will be available
or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing,
if needed, it may contain undue restrictions on its operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for its
stock holders, in the case of equity financing. 

In
March 2020 the World Health Organization declared coronavirus COVID-19 a global pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted
the global economy, workforces, customers, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. It has also disrupted
the normal operations of many businesses, including the Company s businesses. This outbreak could decrease spending, adversely
affect demand for the Company s services and harm its business and results of operations. It is not possible for the Company to
predict the duration or magnitude of the adverse results of the outbreak and its effects on its business or results of operations at
this time. 

These
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and
classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Identified
below are the accounting policies that reflect the Company s most significant estimates and judgments, and those that the Company
believes are the most critical to fully understanding and evaluating its consolidated financial statements. 

and nil on the goodwill recorded in the Company s
financial statements for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The impairment loss of goodwill was primarily
attributable to the impairment related to NPI as the financial performance of the reporting unit of FinTech App development continued
to fall below the Company s original expectations. 

Given
the current macro-economic environment and the uncertainties regarding its potential impact on the Company s business, there can
be no assurance that its estimates and assumptions used in its impairment tests will prove to be accurate predictions of the future.
If the Company s assumptions regarding forecasted cash flows are not achieved, it is possible that an impairment review may be
triggered and goodwill may be impaired. 

),
payable in the form of shares of common stock of the Company. As of August 31, 2019, the first and second stages of development
for the basic functions of the mobile application have been completed, and the Company has issued a total of 
 of restricted shares of common stock
in aggregate at 
 per share for the work completed up to August
31, 2019. The Company has expensed 
 development costs for the first and second development
stage in general and administrative expenses for the year ended August 31, 2019. In August 2020, the development of the mobile application
has been completed, and the Company expensed 
 million development costs in general and administrative
expenses for the year ended August 31, 2020. Further 
 million was incurred for additional functions
developed and 
 million was incurred for the acquisition of the
ownership of the intellectual property (Note 6). 

From
September, 2020, the Company generated additional revenue from a new, more comprehensive mobile application, which refer to as the FinMaster
mobile application (the FinMaster App and together with the JFB platform, the Apps ), with similar functions
as the JFB platform. Income from providing investment platform services with the use of a mobile application is recognized when the service
is performed. 

The
Company offers a self-managed points program, which can be used in the FinMaster App to redeem merchandise or services. The Company determines
the value of each point based on estimated incremental cost. Customers and advocates have a variety of ways to obtain the points. The
major accounting policy for its points program is described as follows: 

The
Company concludes the bonus points offered linked to the purchase transaction of the points is a material right and accordingly a separate
performance obligation according to ASC 606, and should be taken into consideration when allocating the transaction price of the point
sales. The Company also estimates the probability of points redemption when performing the allocation. The amount allocated to the bonus
points as separate performance obligation is recorded as contract liability (deferred revenue) and revenue should be recognized when
future goods or services are transferred. The Company will continue to monitor when and if forfeiture rate data becomes available and
will apply and update the estimated forfeiture rate at each reporting period. 

Since
historical information is limited for the Company to determine any potential points forfeitures and most merchandise can be redeemed
without requiring a significant amount of points compared with the amount of points provided to users, the Company has used an estimated
forfeiture rate of zero. 

Provision of software development service and maintenance service 
 
 - 

Revenue by recognition at a point in time 
 - 
 - 

Remaining
performance obligations represent contracted revenues that had not yet been recognized, and include deferred revenues; invoices that
have been issued to customers but were uncollected and have not been recognized as revenues; and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized
as revenues in future periods. As of August 31, 2021, the Company s remaining performance obligations were ,
which it expects to recognize as revenues over the next twelve months and the remainder thereafter. 

The
Company had not occurred any costs to obtain contracts. 

The
Company does not have amounts of contract assets since revenue is recognized as control of goods or services is transferred. The contract
liabilities consist of advance payments from customers. The contract liabilities are reported in a net position on a customer-by-customer
basis at the end of each reporting period. All contract liabilities are expected to be recognized as revenue within one year and are
included in other payables and accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 

- 
 
 Advances received from customers related to unsatisfied performance obligations 

Revenue recognized from beginning contract liability balance 
 
 - 
 
 Exchange difference 

Balance as of August 31 

and nil ,
respectively. 

and nil
 respectively. 

From
September, 2019, customers or users of the Company s mobile application can obtain points through ways such as frequent sign-ins
to the Company s mobile application, sharing articles from the application to users own social media. The Company believes
these points are to encourage user engagement and generate market awareness. As a result, the Company accounts for such points as selling
and marketing expenses with a corresponding liability recorded under other current liabilities of its consolidated balance sheets upon
the points offering. The Company estimates liabilities under the customer loyalty program based on cost of the merchandise that can be
redeemed, and its estimate of probability of redemption. At the time of redemption, the Company records a reduction of inventory and
other current liabilities. 

Since
historical information is limited for the Company to determine any potential points forfeiture and most merchandise can be redeemed without
requiring a significant amount of points compared with the amount of points provided to users, the Company has used an estimated forfeiture
rate of zero. 

For
the year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, redeemable point liability charged as selling and marketing expenses were 
 and nil ,
respectively. 

As
of August 31, 2021 and 2020, liabilities recorded related to unredeemed points were 
 and ,
respectively, which were included in other payables (note 8). 

months or less off the balance sheet and recognize
the associated lease payments in the consolidated statements of income on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

The
operating lease is included in operating lease right-of-use assets, operating lease liabilities-current and operating lease liabilities-non-current
on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

Office equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

years 
 
 Technical know-hows 
 
 years 
 
 Trademarks 
 
 years 

and nil
 has been recorded by the Company for the years
ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The impairment loss of intangible assets was primarily attributable to the financial
performance of NPI s technical know-hows fall below the Company s original expectations and they assessed the recoverability
of the carrying value of certain intangible assets which resulted in impairment losses. 

As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company has accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain
tax positions. 

The
Company conducts businesses in the PRC, Taiwan and Hong Kong. The Company is subject to tax in these jurisdictions. As a result of its
business activities, the Company will file tax returns that are subject to examination by the respective tax authorities. 

Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding - Basic and diluted (Note) 

Net loss per share - Basic and diluted 

Note:
Including 
 vested shares granted as stock compensation but not yet issued
for the year ended August 31, 2021; and including 
 shares to be canceled, 
 shares as stock compensation and 
 shares to be issued to investors for the year
ended August 31, 2020 (note 13). 

As
of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company s convertible notes payable were excluded from the diluted loss per share calculation
as they were anti-dilutive. 

Year-end NT : US 1 exchange rate 

Year-average NT : US 1 exchange rate 

Year-end RMB : US 1 exchange rate 

Year-average RMB : US 1 exchange rate 

Level
2 : Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

Level
3: Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

- 
 - 

Carrying Value at 
 Fair Value Measurement at 

August 31, 2021 
 August 31, 2021 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Convertible notes measured at fair value 
 
 - 
 - 

Interest expenses on convertible notes 

Interest waived on conversion of convertible notes 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 

Conversion of convertible notes 

Balance at September 1, 2020 

Issuance of convertible notes 

Interest paid 

Interest expenses on convertible notes 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 

Balance at August 31, 2021 

Risk-free
 Rate 

Applicable
 Closing Stock Price 

Conversion
 Price 

(i) 

(i) 

(i) 

(ii) 

(ii) 

(ii) 

Volatility 

Dividend
 Yield 

Credit
 Spread 

Liquidity
 Risk Premium 

Appraisal
 Date 

Risk-free
 Rate 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Applicable
 Closing Stock Price 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Conversion
 Price 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Volatility 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Dividend
 Yield 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Credit
 Spread 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Liquidity
 Risk Premium 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Appraisal
 Date 

Risk-free
 Rate 

N/A 

N/A 

Applicable
 Closing Stock Price 

N/A 

N/A 

Conversion
 Price 

N/A 

N/A 

Volatility 

N/A 

N/A 

Dividend
 Yield 

N/A 

N/A 

Credit
 Spread 

N/A 

N/A 

Liquidity
 Risk Premium 

N/A 

N/A 

(i) 

(ii) 
 USD 

Management
determined that the Company s operations constitute a single reportable segment in accordance with ASC 280. The Company operates
exclusively in one business and industry segment: the provision of investment platform services through mobile application. 

In
March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) ASU 2020-04 ). ASU 2020-04 contains practical
expedients for reference rate reform related activities that impact debt, leases, derivatives and other contracts. The guidance in ASU
2020-04 is optional and may be elected over time as reference rate reform activities occur. The Company continues to evaluate the impact
of the guidance and may apply the elections as applicable as changes in the market occur. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470- 20) and Derivatives and Hedging
- Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s
Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities
and equity. This ASU (1) simplifies the accounting for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock by removing the existing
guidance in ASC 470-20, Debt: Debt with Conversion and Other Options, that requires entities to account for beneficial conversion features
and cash conversion features in equity, separately from the host convertible debt or preferred stock; (2) revises the scope exception
from derivative accounting in ASC 815-40 for freestanding financial instruments and embedded features that are both indexed to the issuer s
own stock and classified in stockholders equity, by removing certain criteria required for equity classification; and (3) revises
the guidance in ASC 260, Earnings Per Share, to require entities to calculate diluted earnings per share (EPS) for convertible instruments
by using the if-converted method. In addition, entities must presume share settlement for purposes of calculating diluted EPS when an
instrument may be settled in cash or shares. 

For
SEC filers, excluding smaller reporting companies, ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 including
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2020. For all other entities, ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. Entities should adopt the guidance as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption and cannot adopt the
guidance in an interim reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2020-06 may have on its consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50),
Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic
815-40): Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options ASU
2021-04 ). ASU 2021-04 provides guidance as to how an issuer should account for a modification of the terms or conditions or an
exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option (i.e., a warrant) that remains classified after modification or exchange
as an exchange of the original instrument for a new instrument. An issuer should measure the effect of a modification or exchange as
the difference between the fair value of the modified or exchanged warrant and the fair value of that warrant immediately before modification
or exchange and then apply a recognition model that comprises four categories of transactions and the corresponding accounting treatment
for each category (equity issuance, debt origination, debt modification, and modifications unrelated to equity issuance and debt origination
or modification). ASU 2021-04 is effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. An entity should apply the guidance provided in ASU 2021-04 prospectively to modifications or exchanges occurring
on or after the effective date. Early adoption is permitted for all entities, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity elects
to early adopt ASU 2021-04 in an interim period, the guidance should be applied as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes
that interim period. The adoption of ASU 2021-04 is not expected to have any impact on the Company s consolidated financial statement
presentation or disclosures. 

Except
for the above-mentioned pronouncements, there are no new recent issued accounting standards that will have material impact on the consolidated
financial position, statements of operations and cash flows. 

,
less certain discounts, expenses and reductions for outstanding NPI debt owed to the Company and/or its affiliates, resulting in a net
purchase price of ,
payable in 
 shares of the Company s common stock to
the Sellers in accordance with their respective pro rata percentage. 

After
the completion of the Acquisition, NPI became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

The
Company completed the valuations necessary to assess the fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
resulting from which the amount of goodwill was determined and recognized as of the respective acquisition date. The following table
summarizes the estimated aggregate fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the closing date, August 31, 2020. 

Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 

Due from a shareholder 

Right-of-use operating lease assets 

Plant and equipment, net 

Intangible assets- Technical know-hows 

Goodwill 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Contract liabilities 

Due to shareholders 

Operating lease liability 

Tax payable 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net purchase price 

Less: Outstanding NPI debt owed to the Company 

Accounts receivable 

Notes payable 

Aggregate fair values
 of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

The
transaction resulted in a purchase price allocation of 
 to goodwill, representing the financial, strategic
and operational value of the transaction to the Company. Goodwill is attributed to the premium that the Company paid to obtain the value
of the business of NPI and the synergies expected from the combined operations of NPI and the Company, the assembled workforce and their
knowledge and experience in provision of products and projects utilizing NPI s technical know-hows and FinTech App development.
The total amount of the goodwill acquired is not deductible for tax purposes. 

Balance as of August 31, 2020 

Impairment of goodwill in relation to NPI 

Balance as of August 31, 2021 

The
Company performed goodwill impairment test at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and between annual tests when an event occurs
or circumstances change indicating the asset might be impaired. As of August 31, 2021, the Company performed testing on reporting unit
of the Fintech App development. 

The Company first assessed qualitative factors
to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. For those reporting
units where it is determined that it is more likely than not that their fair values are less than the units carrying amounts,
the Company will perform the first step of a two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. After performing the assessment, if the
carrying amounts of the reporting units are higher than their fair values, the Company will perform the second step of the two-step quantitative
goodwill impairment test. 

In 2021, the Company performed qualitative assessments
for FinTech App development reporting unit. Based on the requirements of ASC 350-20-35-3C through ASC 350-20-35-3G, the Company evaluated
all relevant factors, weighed all factors in their totality. As the financial performance of FinTech App development reporting unit was
below original expectations, fair value of this reporting unit was indicated to be lower than its carrying value. For this reporting
unit, where it was determined that it was more likely than not that its fair value was less than the units carrying amount after
performing the qualitative assessment, as a result, the Company performed the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test for these
two reporting units. 

For the two-step goodwill impairment test, the
Company estimated the fair value with either income approach or asset approach for specific reporting unit components. With the income
approach, the Company estimates the fair value of the reporting units using discounted cash flows. Forecasts of future cash flows are
based on the best estimate of future net sales and operating expenses, based primarily on expected expansion, pricing, market share,
and general economic conditions. Certain estimates of discounted cash flows involve businesses with limited financial history and developing
revenue models. Changes in these forecasts could significantly change the amount of impairment recorded, if any. Asset based approach
is used in evaluating the fair value of some specific components which is deemed as the most prudent approach due to the unpredictability
of future cash flows. 

The result of step
one impairment test for the FinTech App development reporting unit failed, with its determined fair value lower than the book value.
The Company performed step two impairment test, applying the income approach, resulting an impairment loss of goodwill of 
b eing recorded for the year ended August 31, 2021. The impairment loss of goodwill was primarily attributable to the impairment
related to NPI as the financial performance of the reporting unit of FinTech App development continued to fall below the Company s
original expectations. 

Office equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Total 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense, classified as operating expenses, was 
 and 
 for the year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 

Technical know-hows (Note 3) 

Trademarks 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Impairment 

Intangible assets, net 

Amortization
expense for intangible assets was 
 and nil ,
respectively, for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. 

During
the course of the Company s strategic review of its operations, the Company assessed the recoverability of the carrying value of
the Company s intangible assets. The impairment charge, if any, represented the excess of carrying amounts of the Company s
intangible assets over their fair value, using the expected future discounted cash flows. Impairment loss of and nil
 was recognized for the years ended August 31,
2021 and 2020, respectively. The impairment loss of intangible assets was primarily attributable to the financial performance
of NPI s technical know-hows fall below the Company s original expectations and they assessed the recoverability of the carrying
value of certain intangible assets which resulted in impairment losses . 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026
 and thereafter 

Total 

Computer and networking - LOC (note 2) 
 - 

Rental expense (b) 
 
 - 
 
 Other income: 

Other income from Greenpro LF Limited(c) 
 
 - 
 
 Note interest income from LOC (d) 
 - 

Note interest income from BJDC (d) 
 - 

(a) 
 The
 directors of Greenpro Financial Consulting Limited (Mr. Lee Chong Kuang and Mr. Loke Che Chan) are also the directors of the investment
 managers of Greenpro Asia Strategic SPC, a 
 shareholder of the Company. This fee is due for payment to Greenpro Financial Consulting Limited upon receipt of an invoice. 
 
 (a) 

Greenpro
 Financial Consulting Limited provides services to the Company and the Company incurred professional fees nil
 and 
 for the year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020,
 respectively. There is no
 accrued amount as of August 31, 2021 and
 2020. 

(b) 
 On
 September 1, 2020, LOC leased an office in Taichung, Taiwan from the Company s shareholder. The lease was renewed on April
 1, 2021 for additional one-year term. The monthly lease was for the amount of NTD 
 ),
 with a term of one year. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company recognized rental expenses of 

(c) 

(d) 
 From
 April 2019, the Company entered into multiple loan agreements with LOC and loaned LOC a total
 amount of 
 as
 of August 31, 2020. The loans are secured by personal guarantees of certain of its ultimate
 shareholders, bear interest at 8 per annum, and are due on various dates through August
 2021. From May 2019, the Company entered into multiple short-term loan agreements
 with BJDC and loaned this company a total amount of 841,763 as of August 31, 2020. The loans
 are secured by personal guarantees of certain of its ultimate shareholders, bear interest
 at 8 per annum, and are due on various dates through August 2021. Interest
 totaled 137,626 was charged by these two companies for the year ended August 31, 2020. 

(d) 
 From
 April 2019, the Company entered into multiple loan agreements with LOC and loaned LOC a total
 amount of 
 as
 of August 31, 2020. The loans are secured by personal guarantees of certain of its ultimate
 shareholders, bear interest at 
 per annum, and are due on various dates through August 2021. 
 
 From
 May 2019, the Company entered into multiple short-term loan agreements with BJDC and loaned this company a total amount of 
 as of August 31, 2020. The loans are secured
 by personal guarantees of certain of its ultimate shareholders, bear interest at 
 per annum, and are due on various dates through August 2021. 
 
 Interest
 totaled 
 was charged to these two companies
 for the year ended August 31, 2020. 

Other prepaid expenses 

Staff advances 
 - 

Other taxes recoverable 

Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 

Less: non-current portion 

Rental and management fee deposits 
 
 - 
 
 Other prepaid expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Prepayments, deposits and other receivables, non-current 
 
 - 
 
 Prepayments, deposits and other receivables, current 

Accrued expenses 

Unearned income 
 - 

Other taxes payable 

- 

Other payable 

Accrued expenses and
 other payables 

The
Company signed an agreement with a third party whereby the Company authorizes the third party to use the Company s investment platform
and related applications for a period until December 31, 2020, for an upfront fee. An additional fee is charged upon the third party s
sale of products on the Company s mobile application. Unearned income on this contract was nil
 and 
 as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Due from a director: 

Cheng Shui-Fung 
 - 

Due from a related company: 

Greenpro LF Limited 
 - 

Due to a director: 

Lin Yi-Hsiu 

Loan from Hsu Kuo-Hsun (a shareholder) 
 - 

Due to shareholders: 

Tu Yu-Cheng 

Cheng Hung-Pin 

Huang Mei-Ying 

Lo Shih-Chu 

Chen Jun-Yuan 

On
March 10, 2020, LOC entered into a loan agreement with Cheng Hung-Pin and loaned him 
 (NT ).
The loan is unsecured, bears interest at a rate of 
per annum and repayable on demand. The loan was fully repaid on May 12, 2021. 

On
July 20, 2020, the Company obtained a loan of RMB 
 from Hsu Kuo-Hsun which accrues interest at the rate of 
per annum. The loan is due on and Mr. Lin Yi-Hsiu would be liable when
the Company fails to repay. The loan was fully repaid on May 26, 2021. Interest of nil
 and 
 was accrued as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Amounts
due from (to) shareholders, directors and a related company are unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term. 

.
The bond will mature in from . Interest on the bond will be payable
on semi-yearly basis at 
per annum. Interest
of 
 was accrued as of August 31, 2021 and August
31, 2020. 

.
A summary of the major terms of the Agreements are presented as follows: 

Li-Ching Yang 

Jui-Chin Chen 

Teh-Ling Chen 

Chin-Ping Wang 

Chin-Nan Wang 

Chin-Chiang Wang 

Teh-Ling Chen 

On
February 24, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of ,
which accrues interest at the rate of 
per annum, to a shareholder Teh-Ling Chen. The note is due on and unsecured. 

On
February 27, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of ,
which accrues interest at the rate of 
per annum, to a shareholder Li-Ching Yang. The note is due on and unsecured. 

On
March 18, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of ,
which accrues interest at the rate of 
per annum, to a shareholder Jui-Chin Chen. The note is due on and unsecured. 

On
August 17, 2020, the Company entered into amendments to the Notes and the convertible promissory note purchase agreements with each of
the Noteholders, wherein, at the sole option of the applicable Noteholder, all or part of the unpaid outstanding principal of such Noteholder s
Note would be convertible into shares of restricted common stock of the Company at a conversion price equal to 
 per share. On August 18, 2020, two of the Noteholders
submitted conversion notices to the Company converting all of the outstanding balances of their Notes into an aggregate of 
 shares of the Company s common stock. 

On
November 2, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of ,
which accrues interest at the rate of 
per annum, to a shareholder Teh-Ling Chen. The note is due on and unsecured. 

On
November 25, 2020, the Company further issued convertible promissory notes in the total principal amount of ,
which accrues interest at the rate of 
per annum, to shareholders Chin-Ping Wang, Chin-Nan Wang and Chin-Chiang Wang. The note is due on and unsecured. 

On
January 15, 2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of ,
which accrues interest at the rate of 
per annum, to a shareholder Teh-Ling Chen. The note is due on and unsecured. 

Accrued
interest, if any, will be forfeited on any principal amount being converted. 

The
conversion feature is dual indexed to the Company s stock, and is considered an embedded derivative which needs to be bifurcated
from the host instrument in accordance with ASC 815. 

ASC
815-15-25 provides that if an entity has a hybrid financial instrument that would require bifurcation of embedded derivatives under ASC
815, the entity may irrevocably elect to initially and subsequently measure a hybrid financial instrument in its entirety at fair value
with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. The fair value election can be made instrument by instrument and shall be supported
by concurrent documentation or a preexisting documented policy for automatic election. 

The
Company elected to measure the Notes in their entirety at fair value with changes in fair value recognized as non-operating income or
loss at each balance sheet date in accordance with ASC 815-15-25. 

Fair
value of the convertible promissory notes of 
 and 
 as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 respectively are
determined using the binomial model, one of the option pricing methods. The valuation involves complex and subjective judgment and the
Company s best estimates of the probability of occurrence of future events, such as fundamental changes, on the valuation date.
Under the binomial valuation model, the Group uses a weighted risk-free and risk interest rate (the combination of the risk free rate
plus the credit spread for the underlying Notes) weighted by the probability of conversion as internally solved out by binomial model
in discounting its cash flows. The main inputs to this model include the underlying share price, the expected share volatility, the expected
dividend yield, the risk free and risk interest rate. 

During the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, interest of 
and were incurred on the Notes, respectively. 

- Foreign, representing 

Seychelles 

British Virgin Islands 
 
 - 
 
 Taiwan 
 
 76,245 
 
 PRC 
 
 - 
 
 Hong Kong 

Loss before income tax 

- 
 
 Total income tax benefits 
 
 - 

Statutory income tax rate 

Income tax credit computed at statutory income rate 

Reconciling items: 

Non-deductible expenses 

Share-based payments 

Tax effect of tax exempt entity 

Rate differential in different tax jurisdictions 

Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets 

Income tax benefits 
 
 - 

United
States of America 

The
Company is registered in the State of Nevada and is subject to the tax laws of the United States of America. As of August 31, 2021, the
operations in the United States of America incurred 
 of cumulative net operating losses (NOL s)
which can be carried forward to offset future taxable income. , if
unutilized. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company has provided for a full valuation allowance of 
 and ,
 respectively, against the deferred tax assets on the expected future
tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not
be realized in the future. 

Seychelles 

Under
the current laws of the Seychelles, LFG is registered as an international business company which governs by the International Business
Companies Act of Seychelles and there is no income tax charged in Seychelles. 

British
Virgin Islands 

NPI
is tax exempted in the British Virgin Islands where it was incorporated. 

Taiwan 

LOC
is subject to corporate income tax CIT in Taiwan. With effect from January 1, 2018, the CIT rate in Taiwan is .
However, for profit-seeking entities with less than NT 
 (approximately in taxable income, the CIT rate is 
in 2018, 
in 2019, and 
since 2020 if taxable income exceeds NT 
 (approximately ).
As of August 31, 2021, LOC had net operating loss carry-forwards in Taiwan of ,
 which will The Company has
provided for a full valuation allowance of 
 against the deferred tax assets on the expected
future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets
will not be realized in the future. 

PRC 

BJDC
is subject to corporate income tax CIT at 
in accordance with the relevant tax laws and regulations of the PRC. As of August 31, 2021, BJDC had net operating loss carry-forwards
in the PRC of ,
 which will The Company has
provided for a full valuation allowance of 
 against the deferred tax assets on the expected
future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets
will not be realized in the future. 

Hong
Kong 

JFB
is subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax, which is charged at the statutory income rate of 
on its assessable income. No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made in the financial statements as JFB has no assessable profits
for the years. As of August 31, 2021, the operations in Hong Kong incurred 
 of cumulative net operating losses (NOL s)
which can be carried forward indefinitely to offset future taxable income. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company has provided for
a full valuation allowance of approximately 
 and ,
 respectively, against the deferred tax assets on the expected future
tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not
be realized in the future. 

The tax effects of temporary differences that
give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 are presented below: 

Taiwan 

PRC 

Hong Kong 

Less: valuation allowance 

- 
 - 
 
 Deferred
 tax liabilities: 

Intangible assets- Technical know-hows 

per year (the Base Compensation ),
prorated for any partial year in cash or 
 shares of restricted common stock, which vested
on September 16, 2019 and September 1, 2020. In addition, Mr. Lin may be entitled to bonus compensation of up to three (3) times Base
Compensation based on his achievement of appropriate performance criteria to be determined by the board of directors or a committee
thereof. The fair value of the shares of restricted common stock was 
 and ,
respectively, which was calculated based on a price per share of 
 and ,
respectively and amortized over the service term. During the year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company amortized 
 and ,
respectively, as remuneration. 

On
September 1, 2019, the Company issued a director offer letter to Shui Fung Cheng, pursuant to which Mr. Cheng agreed to serve as a director
of the Company for a one -year
term. For his service as a director, Mr. Cheng will receive an annual compensation, prorated for any partial year, in the form of 
 in cash or 
 shares of restricted common stock. The offer
letter provided that compensation, either in cash or shares of restricted common stock, shall be paid or granted immediately on September
1, 2019. The fair value of the shares of restricted common stock was ,
which was calculated based on a price per share of 
 and amortized over the service term. The offer
was renewed on September 1, 2020 and all shares were granted and vested on the same date. The fair value of the shares of restricted
common stock was ,
which was calculated based on a price per share of 
 and amortized over the service term. During the
year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company amortized 
 and ,
respectively, as remuneration. 

On
September 1, 2019, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a consultant to provide business development services to the
Company for a one -year
term. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company agreed to pay the consultant a fee of 
 in the form of 
 shares of restricted common stock, which vested
on September 15, 2019, prorated for any partial year. The fair value of the shares of restricted common stock was ,
which was calculated based on a price per share of 
 and amortized over the service term. During the
year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company amortized nil
 and ,
respectively, as consulting expenses under this agreement. 

On
September 1, 2019, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a consultant to provide business advisory services to the Company
for a one -year
term. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company agreed to pay the consultant a fee of 
 in the form of 
 shares of restricted common stock, which vested
on September 15, 2019, prorated for any partial year. The fair value of the shares of restricted common stock was ,
which was calculated based on a price per share of 
 and amortized over the service term. During the
year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company amortized nil
 and ,
respectively, as consulting expenses under this agreement. 

On
June 30, 2020, the Company entered into a stock forfeiture letter (the Stock Forfeiture Letter with First Leader Capital
Ltd., a significant stockholder of the Company and an entity solely owned and controlled by Yi-Hsiu Lin, the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and a member of the Company s board of directors. Pursuant to the Stock Forfeiture Letter, on June 30, 2020, First Leader
Capital Ltd. forfeited and surrendered 
 shares (the Surrendered Shares of the Company s common stock, par value 
 per share (the Common Stock ), and
the Surrendered Shares were automatically cancelled and retired (the Stock Cancellation ). First Leader Capital Ltd. agreed
to forfeit and cancel the Surrendered Shares in exchange for the benefit from reducing the Company s outstanding Common Stock to
be more in line with what management deems to be market expectations based on the Company s current valuation. 
 shares were canceled on September 21, 2020. 

On
March 1, 2020, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a consultant to provide business advisory services to the Company
for a one -year
term. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company agreed to pay the consultant a fee of 
 and 
 shares of restricted common stock, which vested
not later than June 30, 2020, prorated for any partial year. On June 30, 2020, the Company s board of directors approved additional
 
 shares to the consultant in exchange for services
rendered. The shares were granted on July 7, 2020. On March 1, 2021, the Company renewed the consulting agreement for a one -year
 term. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company
agreed to pay the consultant a fee of 
 and 
 shares of restricted common stock, which vested
not later than June 30, 2021, prorated for any partial year. The fair value of the shares of restricted common stock was 
 and ,
respectively which was calculated based on a price per share of 
 and 
 respectively and amortized over the service term.
During the year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company amortized 
 and ,
respectively, as consulting expenses under this agreement. 

On
June 30, 2020, 
shares
of Restricted Common Stock in connection with such employee s employment (the Inducement Shares and (ii) 
shares
of Restricted Common Stock upon the achievement of each of 
milestones
set forth in such employee s offer letter relating to the FinMaster mobile application. In addition, on that same day, the Company s
board of directors approved an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares to a service provider in exchange for services rendered. As
of August 31, 2020, 
 and 
 shares of common stock of the Company
have been issued to the employee and service provider respectively. The fair value of the shares of restricted common stock to them was
 ,
which was calculated based on a price per share of .
For the year ended August 31, 2021, a further 
 shares were vested to the employee upon achievement
of the milestones set forth in the employee s offer letters. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company amortized nil
 and 
 as professional fees and salaries respectively.
During the year ended August 31, 2020, the Company amortized 
 and 
 as professional fees and salaries respectively.
The shares were granted on July 7, 2020. 

From
May to August 2020, the Company entered into securities purchase agreement with several accredited investors whereby the investors purchased
a total of 
 shares of the Company s common stock at
 
 per share. The Company received aggregate gross
proceeds of .
Pursuant to the terms of the securities purchase agreements, the investors have piggyback registration rights with respect to the shares.
The Company issued 
 shares in July 2020 and the remaining was issued
by early January 2021. 

The
Company issued 
 shares of common stock for the acquisition of
NPI in August 2020 (Note 1). 

On
July 27, 2020, the Company issued an offer letter to a staff, pursuant to which the staff agreed to serve as an executive
assistant of the Company. For the service as an executive assistant, the staff received a monthly compensation in the form
of NT 
 for the first three months (probationary period) and thereafter NT 
 in cash. In addition, The staff would have been granted 
 shares of restricted common stock upon completion
of the first year of service and 
 shares of restricted common stock if the staff
met the criteria established by the Company. The fair value of the shares of restricted common stock was ,
which was calculated based on a price per share of 
 and amortized over the service term. The Company
cancelled the offer on May 1, 2021. During the year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized 
 and nil
 respectively as compensation under this arrangement. 

On
August 1, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with a company for provision of consulting services by its employee to the Company
for a one -year
term. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company agreed to pay the provider an annual compensation of ,
prorated for any partial year. In February 2021, both parties agreed to amend the annual compensation to .
 In addition, for the services of its employees on a one-year term,
the provider was granted 
 shares of restricted common stock, vested on
September 15, 2020. The fair value of 
 shares granted was ,
which was calculated based on the stock price of 
 per share on September 15, 2020 and will be amortized
over the service term. During the year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized 
 and 
 as compensation under these arrangements. The
shares were issued on January 6, 2021. 

On
August 3, 2020, the Company issued an offer letter to a staff, pursuant to which the staff agreed to serve as an executive
assistant of the Company. For the service as an executive assistant, the staff received a monthly compensation in the form
of NT 
 in cash. 
 shares
of restricted common stock upon completion of the first year of service and 
 shares
of restricted common stock if the staff met the criteria established by the Company. The
fair value of the shares of restricted common stock was ,
which was calculated based on a price per share of 
 and amortized over the service term. The Company
cancelled the offer on May 1, 2021. During the year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized 
 and nil
 respectively as compensation under this arrangement. 

On
November 1, 2020, the Company entered into consulting agreements with two consultants to assist in monitoring and improving FinMaster
APP for a one -year
term. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company agreed to pay the consultants in the form of 
 shares of restricted common stock, which vested
on November 1, 2020, prorated for any partial year. The fair value of the shares of restricted common stock was ,
which was calculated based on a price per share of 
 and amortized over the service term. During the
year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company amortized 
 and nil
 respectively as consulting expenses under these
agreements. 

On
February 8, 2021, the Company and First Leader Capital Ltd. mutually agreed to forfeit and surrender further 
 shares (the Surrendered Shares of the Company s common stock, par value 
 per share (the Common Stock ), and
the Surrendered Shares were automatically cancelled and retired. First Leader Capital Ltd. agreed to forfeit and cancel the Surrendered
Shares in exchange for the benefit from reducing the Company s outstanding Common Stock to be more in line with what management
deems to be market expectations based on the Company s current valuation. 

On
May 17, 2021, the Company and First Leader Capital Ltd. mutually agreed to forfeit and surrender further 
 shares (the Surrendered Shares of the Company s common stock, par value 
 per share (the Common Stock ), and
the Surrendered Shares were automatically cancelled and retired. First Leader Capital Ltd. agreed to forfeit and cancel the Surrendered
Shares in exchange for the benefit from reducing the Company s outstanding Common Stock to be more in line with what management
deems to be market expectations based on the Company s current valuation. 

From
May 2020 to August 2021, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements with several accredited investors whereby the investors
purchased a total of 
 shares of the Company s common stock at
an average price of 
 per share. The Company received aggregate gross
proceeds of .
Pursuant to the terms of the securities purchase agreements, the investors have piggyback registration rights with respect to the shares.
The shares were fully issued by August 30, 2021. 

As
of August 31, 2021, unrecognized share-based compensation expense was . 

As
of August 31, 2021, 
 shares were granted to employees and vested but
not yet issued. 

and
 ,
respectively. 

2023 
 - 
 
 2024 
 - 
 
 2025 
 - 
 
 2026 
 - 
 
 Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Present
 value of lease liabilities 

As
of August 31, 2021, the Company had future minimum lease payments for non-cancelable short-term operating leases of 
 payable to a shareholder. 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term Operating leases 
 
 years 
 
 years 
 
 Weighted Average Discounting Rate Operating leases 

2023 

2024 
 - 
 
 2025 
 - 
 
 2026 
 - 
 
 Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total undiscounted cash flows 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Contingencies 

The
Labor Contract Law of the People s Republic of China requires employers to assure the liability of the severance payments if employees
are terminated due to restructuring, termination as a result of a mutual agreement or termination as a result of the expiration of a
fixed-term labor contract. The Company has estimated its possible severance payments of approximately 
 and 
 as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively,
which have not been reflected in its consolidated financial statements, because it is more likely than not that this will not be paid
or incurred. 

In
Taiwan, an employer can terminate an employment contract with notice (or with pay in lieu of notice) and with severance pay only due
to stoppage of business or a transfer of ownership, business losses or curtailment of business operations, suspension of operations due
to a force majeure event, or alteration of the business nature, forcing a reduction in the number of employees, and those employees cannot
be reassigned to other suitable positions, or the employee is incapable of performing the tasks assigned. The Company has estimated its
possible severance payments of approximately 
 and 
 as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively,
which have not been reflected in its consolidated financial statements, because it is more likely than not that this will not be paid
or incurred. 

per year (the Base Compensation ), prorated for any partial year,
payable in cash or with shares of restricted common stock, which would vest as of March 1, 2022 and March 1, 2023. In addition,
Mr. Lin may be entitled to bonus compensation of up to three times the Base Compensation based on his achievement of appropriate performance
criteria to be determined by the board of directors or a committee thereof. The fair value of the shares of restricted common stock for
the first year was , which was calculated based on a price per share of and amortized over the service term. 

On
September 1, 2021, the Company issued a director offer letter to Shui Fung Cheng, pursuant to which Mr. Cheng agreed to serve as a director
of the Company for a one -year term. For his service as a director, Mr. Cheng will receive an annual compensation, prorated for any partial
year, in the form of in cash or shares of restricted common stock. The offer letter provided that compensation, either
in cash or shares of restricted common stock, shall be paid or granted immediately on September 1, 2021. The fair value of the shares
of restricted common stock was , which was calculated based on a price per share of and amortized over the service term. 

On
September 3, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an individual accredited investor whereby the investor
purchased shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share. The Company received gross proceeds of .
Pursuant to the terms of the securities purchase agreement, the investor will have piggyback registration rights with respect to the
shares. The shares were issued on September 8, 2021. 

On
September 28, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor whereby the investor purchased
 shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share. The Company received gross proceeds of . Pursuant
to the terms of the securities purchase agreement, the investor will have piggyback registration rights with respect to the shares. The
shares were issued on October 5, 2021. 

On
October 5, 2021, the Company received the second tranches gross proceeds of from the individual accredited investor who entered
into a securities purchase agreement with the Company on August 20, 2021 whereby the investor may purchase up to shares of
Common Stock at a price of per share in three tranches: up to shares purchasable on or before August 31, 2021, in the
first tranche, and up to shares purchasable in each of the second and third tranches on or before October 29, 2021, and December
31, 2021, respectively, to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the securities purchase
agreement, the investor will have piggyback registration rights with respect to the shares. The shares were issued on October 7, 2021. 

On
October 27, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an individual accredited investor whereby the investor
purchased shares of the Company s common stock at an average price of per share. The Company received aggregate gross
proceeds of . Pursuant to the terms of the securities purchase agreement, the investor will have piggyback registration rights
with respect to the shares. The shares were issued on October 29, 2021. 

On
October 28, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an individual accredited investor whereby the investor
purchased shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share. The Company received gross proceeds of .
Pursuant to the terms of the securities purchase agreement, the investors will have piggyback registration rights with respect to the
shares. The shares were issued on October 29, 2021. 

On
December 9, 2021, the Company received the third tranches gross proceeds of from the individual accredited investor who entered
into a securities purchase agreement with the Company on August 20, 2021 whereby the investor may purchase up to shares of
Common Stock at a price of per share in three tranches: up to shares purchasable on or before August 31, 2021, in the
first tranche, and up to shares purchasable in each of the second and third tranches on or before October 29, 2021, and December
31, 2021, respectively, to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the securities purchase
agreement, the investor will have piggyback registration rights with respect to the shares. The shares are not yet issued. 

F- 27 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 ex4-3.htm

Exhibit
4.3 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT 
TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As
of December 10, 2021, Leader Capital Holdings Corp. s class of common stock is registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

The
following description of our common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety
by reference to our articles of incorporation and our bylaws, each of which is incorporated herein by reference as an exhibit to the
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, of which this Exhibit 4.3 is a part. We encourage you to
read our articles of incorporation, our bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes for additional information. 

Authorized
and Outstanding Capital Stock 

As
of December 10, 2021, we had 800,000,000 authorized shares of capital stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of which 600,000,000
were shares of common stock and 200,000,000 were shares of blank check preferred stock. 

Common
Stock 

The
holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share. In addition, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive
pro rata dividends, if any, declared by our board of directors out of legally available funds; however, the current policy of our board
of directors is to retain earnings, if any, for operations and growth. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of our
common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets that are legally available for distribution. The holders of our common stock
have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock
are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock, which may be designated
solely by action of our board of directors and issued in the future. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Nevada Law and our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Our
articles of incorporation, our bylaws and the Nevada Revised Statutes contain provisions that could delay or make more difficult an acquisition
of control of our company not approved by our board of directors, whether by means of a tender offer, open market purchases, proxy contests
or otherwise. These provisions have been implemented to enable us to develop our business in a manner that will foster our long-term
growth without disruption caused by the threat of a takeover not deemed by our board of directors to be in the best interest of our company
and our stockholders. These provisions could have the effect of discouraging third parties from making proposals involving an acquisition
or change of control of our company even if such a proposal, if made, might be considered desirable by a majority of our stockholders.
These provisions may also have the effect of making it more difficult for third parties to cause the replacement of our current management
without the concurrence of our board of directors. 

Set
forth below is a description of the provisions contained in our articles of incorporation, bylaws and Nevada Revised Statutes that could
impede or delay an acquisition of control of our company that our board of directors has not approved. This description is intended as
a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our articles of incorporation and bylaws, forms of each of which are
included as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. 

Authorized
But Unissued Preferred Stock 

We
are currently authorized to issue a total of 200,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Our articles of incorporation provide that the board
of directors may issue preferred stock by resolutions, without any action of the stockholders. In the event of a hostile takeover, the
board of directors could potentially use this preferred stock to preserve control. 

Filling
Vacancies 

Our
bylaws establish that the board shall be authorized to fill any vacancies on the board arising due to the death, resignation or removal
of any director. The board is also authorized to fill vacancies if the stockholders fail to elect the full authorized number of directors
to be elected at any annual or special meeting of stockholders. Vacancies in the board may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors
then in office, even though less than a quorum of the board, or by a sole remaining director. 

Removal
of Directors 

The
provisions of our bylaws and the Nevada Revised Statutes may make it difficult for our stockholders to remove one or more of our directors.
The Nevada Revised Statutes provide that the entire board of directors, or any individual director, may be removed from office by the
holders of two-thirds of the voting power entitling the stockholders to elect directors in place of those to be removed. Furthermore,
our board has the authority to remove, with or without cause, any director or the entire board of directors. 

Board
Action Without Meeting 

Our
bylaws provide that the board may take action without a meeting if all the members of the board consent to the action in writing. Board
action through consent allows the board to make swift decisions, including in the event that a hostile takeover threatens current management. 

No
Cumulative Voting 

Our
bylaws and articles of incorporation do not provide the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors. This provision means that
the holders of a plurality of the shares voting for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Non-cumulative voting makes
it more difficult for an insurgent minority stockholder to elect a person to the board of directors. 

Stockholder
Proposals 

Except
to the extent required under applicable laws, we are not required to include on our proxy card, or describe in our proxy statement, any
information relating to any stockholder proposal and disseminated in connection with any meeting of stockholders. 

Amendments
to Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Any
adoption, alteration, amendment, change or repeal of the bylaws may be amended or repealed by the unanimous consent of the board. Any
proposal to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision of our articles of incorporation requires approval by the affirmative vote of
a majority of the voting power of all of the classes of our capital stock entitled to vote on such amendment or repeal, voting together
as a single class, at a duly constituted meeting of stockholders called expressly for that purpose. 

Nevada
Statutory Provisions 

We
are subject to the provisions of NRS 78.378 to 78.3793, inclusive, an anti-takeover law, which applies to any acquisition of a controlling
interest in an issuing corporation. In general, such anti-takeover laws permit the articles of incorporation, bylaws or
a resolution adopted by the directors of an issuing corporation (as defined in NRS 78.3788) to impose stricter requirements
on the acquisition of a controlling interest in such corporation than the provisions of NRS 78.378 to 78.3793, inclusive, as well as
permit the directors of an issuing corporation to take action to protect the interests of the corporation and its stockholders, including,
but not limited to, adopting plans, arrangements or other instruments that grant or deny rights, privileges, power or authority to holder(s)
of certain percentages of ownership and/or voting power. Further, an acquiring person (and those acting in association)
only obtains such voting rights in the control shares as are conferred by resolution of the stockholders at either a special meeting
requested by the acquiring person, provided it delivers an offeror s statement pursuant to NRS 78.3789 and undertakes to pay the
expenses thereof, or at the next special or annual meeting of stockholders. In addition, the anti-takeover law generally provides for
(i) the redemption by the issuing corporation of not less than all of the control shares (as defined) in accordance with
NRS 78.3792, if so provided in the articles of incorporation or bylaws in effect on the 10th day following the acquisition of a controlling
interest in an issuing corporation, and (ii) dissenter s rights pursuant to NRS 92A.300 to 92A.500, inclusive,
for stockholders that voted against authorizing voting rights for the control shares. 

2 

We
are also subject to the provisions of NRS 78.411 to 78.444, inclusive, which generally prohibits a publicly held Nevada corporation from
engaging in a combination with an interested stockholder (each as defined) that is the beneficial owner,
directly or indirectly, of at least ten percent of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation or is an affiliate
or associate of the corporation that previously held such voting power within the past three years, for a period of three years after
the date the person first became an interested stockholder, subject to certain exceptions for authorized combinations,
as provided therein. 

In
accordance with NRS 78.195, our articles of incorporation provide for the authority of the board of directors to issue shares of preferred
stock in series by filing a certificate of designation to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in such series
and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof, subject to limitations prescribed by law. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Dynamic Stock Transfer, Inc. 

OTCQB
Quotation 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB Venture Market under the symbol LCHD. 

3 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries 

Company
 Name 
 
 Place/Date
 of Incorporation 
 
 Principal
 Activities 
 
 Leader
 Financial Group Limited 
 
 Seychelles
 / March 6, 2017 
 
 Investment
 Holding 

JFB
 Internet Service Limited 
 
 Hong
 Kong / July 6, 2017 
 
 Operator
 of FinTech app platform 

Nice
 Products Inc. 
 
 BVI
 / December 17, 2018 
 
 Investment
 Holding 

LOC
 Weibo CO., Ltd. 
 
 Taiwan
 / September 29, 2017 
 
 Software
 development, project management and marketing arms 

Beijing
 DataComm Cloud Media Technology Co., Ltd. 
 
 China
 / April 16, 2013 
 
 Software
 development 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Yi-Hsiu Lin, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Leader Capital Holdings Corp.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 14, 2021 

/s/
 Yi-Hsiu Lin 

Yi-Hsiu
 Lin 

Chief
 Executive Officer and President 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Yi-Hsiu Lin, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Leader Capital Holdings Corp.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 14, 2021 

/s/
 Yi-Hsiu Lin 

Yi-Hsiu
 Lin 

Treasurer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

In
connection with the annual report of Leader Capital Holdings Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended August
31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Yi-Hsiu Lin, Chief Executive Officer and
President (Principal Executive Officer) and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof,
solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date:
 December 14, 2021 

/s/
 Yi-Hsiu Lin 

Yi-Hsiu
 Lin 

Chief
 Executive Officer and President 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Treasurer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lchd-20210831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 lchd-20210831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 lchd-20210831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 lchd-20210831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

