<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211013_10-K_edgar_data_825322_0001493152-21-025336.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6628818</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>334472</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>431953</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2139054</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2084905</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1484687</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-025336.hdr.sgml : 20211013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211013171239
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-025336
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MPHASE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000825322
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				222287503
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30202
		FILM NUMBER:		211321864

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9841 WASHINGTONIAN BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20878
		BUSINESS PHONE:		301-329-2700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9841 WASHINGTONIAN BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20878

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MPHASE TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980915

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TECMA LABORATORIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980915

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-025336.txt : 20211013

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-K 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the transition period from ____________________ to ___________________ 

Commission
File Number 000-30202 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

New
 Jersey 
 
 22-2287503 
 
 (State
 of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

9841
 Washingtonian Blvd #390 

Gaithersburg,
 MD 
 
 20878 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: (301) 329-2700 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common stock, 0.01 par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to the filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 
 Non-accelerated
 filer 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December 31, 2020,
the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately 1.7 million. 

As
of October 11, 2021, 79,190,821 shares of common stock were outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None 

mPhase
Technologies, Inc. 

 Form
10-K 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART
 I 
 
 1 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 11 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 20 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 20 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 21 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 21

PART
 II 
 
 21 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 21 

ITEM
 6. 
 SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA 
 26 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 27 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUALITATIVE
 AND QUANTITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS 
 34 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 34 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 34 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTORLS
 AND PROCEDURES 
 35 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 35 

PART
 III 
 
 36 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 36 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 
 38 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 40 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 41 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 43 

PART
 IV 
 
 44 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXIBITIS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 44 

ii 

PART
I 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
All statements other than statements of historical fact could be deemed forward-looking statements. Statements that include words such
as may, will, might, projects, expects, plans, believes, 
 anticipates, targets, intends, hopes, aims, can, 
 should, could, would, goal, potential, approximately, 
 estimate, pro forma, continue or pursue or the negative of these words or other
words or expressions of similar meaning may identify forward-looking statements. For example, forward-looking statements include any
statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new products,
services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; statements of belief and any statement
of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. 

These
forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other documents referred to
and relate to a variety of matters, including, but not limited to, other statements that are not purely statements of historical fact.
These forward-looking statements are made on the basis of the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of management, are not guarantees
of performance and are subject to significant risks and uncertainty. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as predictions
of future events and mPhase Technologies, Inc. (the Company cannot assure you that the events or circumstances discussed
or reflected in these statements will be achieved or will occur. Furthermore, if such forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate,
the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard
these statements as a representation or warranty by the Company or any other person that the Company will achieve its objectives and
plans in any specified timeframe, or at all. 

These
forward-looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various important factors, including those set forth in Item
1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company disclaims any obligation to publicly update
or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after
the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. 

PART
I 

Throughout
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company, mPhase, we, us, and our 
refers to mPhase Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General
Description of the Business 

mPhase
Technologies, Inc. mPhase or the Company is a publicly-held New Jersey corporation which was organized
on October 2, 1996. The Company has over 11,000 shareholders and 79,190,821 shares of common stock outstanding at October 11,
2021. The Company s common stock is traded on the OTCQB under the ticker symbol XDSL. The Company is headquartered in Gaithersburg,
Maryland. As of October 1, 2021, the Company employs 20 full-time employees, two of whom are officers
of the Company and 13 consultants, seven of which provide technology platform development services, four that provide sales and marketing
services, one that provides HR services, and one that provides accounting services. The Company s subsidiary in India employs a
total of 16 software engineers and data analysis experts. 

As
of January 11, 2019, the Company underwent a major change in management and control. The Company entered into an Employment Agreement
with Mr. Anshu Bhatnagar to become the new President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the Company. Mr. Bhatnagar was also
the President and CEO of Verus International, Inc. (ticker symbol VRUS a publicly-held company. Mr. Bhatnagar replaced
Mr. Ronald Durando who resigned as CEO. Mr. Durando remained a Director of the Company until his resignation from such position effective
March 20, 2019. Effective January 11, 2019 all of the other prior Officers and Directors of the Company resigned their respective positions.
On January 28, 2019, Mr. Smiley, the former CFO of the Company, was reappointed as interim CFO and on June 6, 2019, Mr. Smiley resigned
as CFO of the Company and was replaced by Christopher Cutchens. Under the terms of Mr. Bhatnagar s Employment Agreement, he will
receive a base salary of 275,000 per annum and was granted 2,620,899 shares of Common Stock, representing 20 of the Company s
Common Stock then outstanding at January 11, 2019. In addition, Mr. Bhatnagar, pursuant to the terms of a Transition Agreement shall
earn the right to be issued 4 of additional shares of the Company s Common Stock for each 1 million of gross revenue generated
by the Company. Once the Company has achieved gross revenue of not less than 15,000,000 or is up-listed to a National Securities Exchange,
Mr. Bhatnagar will have earned the remaining amount of the Company s Common Stock not to exceed 80 of the shares outstanding at
January 11, 2019 as adjusted for the Reverse Split of the Company s Common Stock as described below. As of December 31, 2020, the
Company achieved gross revenue in excess of 15,000,000 and Mr. Bhatnagar earned the remaining maximum amount of the Company s
Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Transition Agreement. 

1 

The
new management of the Company is positioning the Company to become a leader in software relating to artificial intelligence and machine
learning while pursuing a more rapid commercial development of its patent portfolio and other intellectual property. Artificial Intelligence
is just simple math executed on an enormous scale. The more calculations a system can process, the more possible it is for that system
to emulate human-like cognitive abilities. With the advent of cloud infrastructure, GPU-accelerated processing and deep learning architectures,
it is now commercially viable to perform this math at such speeds and efficiency that Artificial Intelligence (human-like cognitive abilities)
can be embedded directly into business operations, platform architectures, business services and customer experiences. The goal is to
generate a faster growth of revenues for the Company. 

On
February 4, 2019, the Company announced the formation of mPhase Technologies India, Pvt, Ltd to focus on software and technology development
for new and existing projects. On February 6, 2019, the Company announced that it has commenced discussions with a global pharmaceutical
company to explore the use of mPhase s Smart Surface technology for transdermal drug delivery. mPhase s current
technology uses electronic or other external stimulus to dispense an unattended, predetermined quantity of drug or medical agent through
a smart surface membrane. On February 19, 2019, the Company announced and began assembling a team in India of highly qualified software
and technology experts in the fields of artificial intelligence and machine learning to work as part of its newly formed Center
of Excellence India division. 

On
March 7, 2019, the Company announced the acquisition of Travel Buddhi, a software platform to enhance travel via ultra-customization
tools that tailor a planned trip experience in ways not previously available. The Company is moving in a new strategic direction of modification
and modernization of its existing technology to make it smart and connected as part of the internet of things. 

Effective
May 22, 2019 the Company completed a 5,000/1 reverse split of its Common stock reducing its authorized shares to 25 million shares of
Common Stock. 

On
June 30, 2019, the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement SPA to acquire a controlling interest in Alpha Predictions,
LLP, Alpha Predictions an India-based technology company. Alpha Predictions had 15 professionals comprised of a team
of data specialists who developed a suite of commercial data analysis products for use across multiple industries. The product offering
included software covering eight categories: inventory, stock management, marketing optimization, sentiment analysis, customer segmentation
and behavior, agro-tech image detection, electrocardiogram automation, and a recommendation engine with multiple uses. 

On
August 27, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved the filing of an amendment (the Amendment to the Company s
Certificate of Incorporation to increase the authorized shares of common stock from 25 million shares to 100 million shares pursuant
to Section 14A:7-2(4) of the Business Corporation Law of the State of New Jersey. The Amendment was filed with the State of New Jersey
on September 4, 2019. 

On
May 11, 2020, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement to acquire all assets owned, used or held in connection with the business,
other than excluded assets and assumed certain liabilities of CloseComms Limited CloseComms ). The most substantial acquired
asset was a patented, software application platform that can be integrated into a retail customer s existing Wi-Fi infrastructure,
giving the retailer important customer data and enabling AI-enhanced, targeted promotions to drive store traffic and sales. Other acquired
assets included cash and computer and office equipment, while assumed liabilities included certain compensation related liabilities attributed
to engaging the operational team on a consulting basis for a minimum of one (1) year. 

On
June 10, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved the filing of an amendment (the Amendment to the Company s
Certificate of Incorporation to increase the authorized shares of common stock from 100 million shares to 250 million shares pursuant
to Section 14A:7-2(4) of the Business Corporation Law of the State of New Jersey. The Amendment was filed with the State of New Jersey
on July 14, 2020. 

2 

On
July 15, 2020, the Company entered into an exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement with its Chief Executive Officer Holder ), whereby earned and issued warrants to purchase 37,390,452 shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Cancelled
Warrants pursuant to the terms of that certain Transition Agreement (the Transition Agreement and Warrant Agreement
(the Warrant Agreement each between the Company and Holder and dated as of January 11, 2019 were forfeited and exchanged
for (i) 37,390,452 shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Shares and (ii) the cancellation and termination of
the Transition Agreement and Warrant Agreement. The Cancelled Warrants had an exercise price of 0.50 per share and were not subject
to expiration. Such Exchange Agreement is intended to make the Company s capitalization more attractive to potential investors
and to remove the uncertainty associated with any future grants of warrants under the Transition Agreement and Warrant Agreement, although
there can be no assurance of any future investments on terms that are attractive to the Company, or at all. Immediately prior to the
Company s entry into the Exchange Agreement, it was determined that 5,650,708 additional warrants (the Additional Warrants to purchase the Company s Common Stock were due to and issued to the Holder in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
Transition Agreement as the Transition Agreement required certain liabilities to be eliminated by the prior management team within six
months of the Transition Agreement s effective date of January 11, 2019. However, the Additional Warrants were immediately cancelled
and terminated with the intention of mitigating potential liabilities arising from certain issuances of the Company s Common Stock
below the minimum price of 0.50 per share as stated within the Transition Agreement. 

On
August 3, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved the filing of an amendment (the Amendment to the Company s
Certificate of Incorporation to increase the authorized shares of common stock from 250 million shares to 500 million shares pursuant
to Section 14A:7-2(4) of the Business Corporation Law of the State of New Jersey. The Amendment was filed with the State of New Jersey
on August 4, 2020. 

During
2021, the Company announced that it would be adding 5G and EV charging to its consumer engagement platform as part of a major strategic
initiative to monetize additional points of contact during consumer travel and travel planning. As of July 2021, mPhase was actively
planning pilot programs in 5G and EV charging, as part of a larger strategy to build an AI-driven consumer ecosystem. By late-2021, the
Company plans to transition into a green consumer company, serving as an important bridge between consumers, retailers,
and service providers. 

The Company can best be described as a technology
company focused on consumer engagement using data analytics and artificial intelligence to create a monetizable link between consumers
and retailers at opportunistic times and places. The Company is currently building a connected ecosystem of EV charging, 5G internet
connectivity and software solutions that optimize consumer engagement within the framework of a SaaS/TaaS model. Branded under the mPower
name, this ecosystem will empower the way people shop, dine, fuel and interact with the world to create a richer life experience. The
mPower ecosystem is tailored to each individual s tastes and needs, with particular emphasis on empowering tomorrow s green
consumer. The Company also has data driven business units generating recurring revenue outside of its consumer ecosystem, in addition
to legacy nanobattery technology and a related patent portfolio that are slated for future development. The Company plans to expand into
other markets, both in the United States and globally, where it believes its technology and services will provide a distinct competitive
advantage over its competition. 

Concurrently,
the Company continues to pursue strategic alternatives to best monetize its patent portfolio, including partnering to exploit opportunities
for its drug delivery system. The Company continues seeking to obtain government funding available under the Departments of Defense and
Homeland Security including The Department of Defense Ordnance Technology Consortium DOTC ), Small Business Innovative
Research SBIR ), Cooperative Research and Development Agreements CRADA and similar programs for targeted
applications for its smart nano-battery applications. 

Description
of Operations 

Platform
Technology 

mPower EV/5G Consumer
Engagement Platform 

The Company is building
an AI-driven, global consumer engagement platform that incorporates both patented in-house and third-party technologies to support adoption
and use. To create this ecosystem, the Company is utilizing the technology and teams from its CloseComms consumer engagement group and
its Travel Buddhi trip planning experts and other engineering teams. The Company recently onboarded experts in EV charging and 5G communication
to create new points of contact for this emerging platform. The completed platform will be designed to learn individual consumer preferences
to match retail and other promotional activities to consumer behavior during travel. The platform will enable travelers to customize
their experience, including tailoring to create a new set of tools for the green consumer. 

The consumer engagement
portion of the platform has already been successfully tested at major quick service restaurant chains, including Subway, while the technology
segments in 5G and EV charging are in the pilot planning phase. The goal is to have a full ecosystem in pilot mode by the end of 2021.
The platform will the first of its kind, creating multiple monetizable points of contact under a hybrid SaaS/TaaS model. 

The 5G portion of the
platform is also being developed to target municipal and other government entities seeking to develop networks for education and other
public services. 

Artificial
Intelligence and Machine Learning 

The
Company has a team of 15 software engineers and data analysis experts capable of enabling the Company to provide products in the
artificial intelligence and machine learning areas. Additionally, through its recent transaction with CloseComms, the Company has contracted
with 11 software engineer consultants enabling the Company to provide retail customers important customer data while enabling AI-enhanced,
targeted promotions to drive store traffic and sales. The Company has in place and is developing proprietary software to enable customers
to enhance their business capabilities by providing sophisticated digital analysis of large volumes of data to provide sophisticated
solutions to complex problems. 

3 

Smart
Surfaces 

The
surface is an important part of virtually every physical object and often plays an overriding role in many processes, beyond mere connectivity
and structural support, but more deeply into areas involving chemical and biological interactions. In some instances, the surface provides
an easy entry into the chemical or biological systems; in others it protects the internal elements of the object, surrounded by the surfaces. 

The
Company s current technology platform is the Smart Surface. By being able to control the surface properties of materials down to
the nanometer scale, new and improved devices can be designed and built that may lead to compelling business opportunities. One type
of smart surface of particular interest allows properties to be changed in response to an external stimulus. 

Initially,
the Company s development focused on Micro Electronic Mechanic Systems (MEMS) devices by manipulating the surface of silicon materials
 the same material used to make microelectronic materials and devices. Using physical and chemical processes, the surface of the
silicon is modified to make solid porous structures known as membranes. This is where microfluidics comes into play. These membranes
can be used to selectively control the flow of liquids through the pores or openings at the micrometer length scale. 

Surfaces
may be characterized as hydrophilic or hydrophobic depending on whether or not they attract or repel water (or other liquids). A hydrophilic
surface can be wet and adsorbs water. A hydrophobic surface, on the other hand, cannot be wet. Hydrophilic and hydrophobic surfaces are
abundant in nature and in synthetic materials, both organic and inorganic in chemical composition. A familiar example of a hydrophilic
surface is a sponge that readily soaks up water. By contrast, many plant leaves and flower petals are hydrophobic, as are insect parts
and bird feathers. Synthetic hydrophobic surfaces include Scotchgard treated fabric, Teflon coated metal, or Rain-X 
coated glass. On a hydrophobic surface, water beads up and can move around without being absorbed by the solid material that it is resting
on. 

So-called
superhydrophobic surfaces are also found in nature and can now be replicated in the lab. The lotus leaf and rose petal, for example,
exhibit super-hydrophobicity. Here water droplets form almost perfect spheres with hardly any contact with the underlying solid surface.
This makes the liquid even easier to move and manipulate. The synthesis of superhydrophobic surfaces has recently been made possible
by advances in nanotechnology and the Company is leading the way to better understand and create materials and devices incorporating
these unique surface properties. 

As
the Company s research and development efforts evolve, in addition to silicon materials, the ability to control the surface properties
of materials can be extended to other substances such as polymers, ceramics, metals, and fibers providing opportunities for our platform
technology to be used in a range of potential applications such as energy storage and power management for portable electronics and microelectronics,
self-cleaning surfaces, filters for water purification or desalination systems, materials for environmental remediation that separate
liquids or solvents, and other situations where the control of the interaction of a solid surface exposed to a liquid is vitally important. 

Smart
NanoBattery 

Battery
technology has changed little in its fundamentals over the past 150 years. As a result, ordinary batteries begin dissipating energy as
soon as they are assembled and therefore have limited shelf life. Chemistries are fixed inside the package so the user cannot interact
with the contents to program functionality. The size and form of batteries have not kept pace with the miniaturization of electrical
components, microprocessors and integrated circuits. As a result, the optimal implementation of an electronic device is not always achieved.
Some batteries contain chemicals that are not considered safe or environmentally friendly green ). This makes disposal
a potential issue. 

The
Company is challenging this convention by using their proprietary superhydrophobic porous silicon membrane technology as the basis to
build the Smart NanoBattery, a reserve battery providing Power On Command prior to initial activation. 

4 

Super-hydrophobicity
initially keeps the liquid electrolyte physically separated from the solid electrodes of the battery, thus preventing the chemical reactions
from occurring that cause the battery to provide power. This gives the Smart NanoBattery the benefit of potentially infinite shelf life. 

A
conventional battery loses some capacity while sitting on the shelf in its package or stored in an electronic or electrical device, even
before being used for the first time. On the other hand, the Smart NanoBattery is built so that it is inactive and remains that way indefinitely
until it is turned on. No power is lost to self-discharge or leakage current prior to activation. When needed, the Smart NanoBattery
can be activated on command via the phenomenon of electrowetting. The surface properties of the porous silicon membrane are selectively
controlled to shift instantly from a superhydrophobic to hydrophilic state. In other words, electrowetting acts as the triggering mechanism. 

The
Company has successfully fabricated and demonstrated its first 3-volt lithium-based Smart NanoBattery, based on a design allowing either
manual or remote activation by the user, the feature known as Power on Command . 

By
incorporating the phenomenon of electrowetting on nanostructured surfaces into a revolutionary way of storing energy, the Smart NanoBattery
provides power to portable electronic and microelectronic devices exactly when and where it is needed. As a reserve battery it is an
augmentation to conventional primary batteries. The nanobattery converts stored chemical energy into usable electrical energy, but in
a way that is potentially more reliable, more versatile, more environmentally friendly, and less expensive than conventional primary
batteries. 

Applications 

Artificial
Intelligence and Machine Learning 

The
Company has recently acquired technologies focused on artificial intelligence and machine learning. The related proprietary software
enable customers to enhance their business capabilities by providing sophisticated digital analysis of large volumes of data to provide
sophisticated solutions to complex problems. The current product offering includes a Learning Management System LMS platform
that allows customers to customize their training and become embedded on the platform and a patented, software application platform that
can be integrated into a retail customer s existing Wi-Fi infrastructure, giving the retailer important customer data and enabling
AI-enhanced, targeted promotions to drive store traffic and sales 

Smart
Surfaces and NanoBattery 

The
Company is exploring military and commercial applications of smart surfaces in which the properties can be accurately and precisely controlled
down to the nanometer scale. Electrowetting allows the switching from a hydrophobic to hydrophilic state as a result of an electronic
stimulus. 

The
Smart NanoBattery, the Company s first smart surface product, has a unique architecture that enables a shelf life of decades, remote
activation, programmable control, scalable manufacturing, and adaptability to multiple configurations. The value proposition to the end
user is to have a source of energy or power that is literally always ready reliable, convenient, low cost a battery guaranteed
to work at full capacity when and where you need it. 

The
Smart NanoBattery can conceivably supply power on command to a wide variety of portable electronic and microelectronic
devices used in military, medical, industrial, and consumer applications. 

The
Company has demonstrated that the battery works in lab tests as well as in a significant field test conducted for the U.S. Army as part
of a guided munitions project. The relationship with the Army also included an 850,000 funded project to develop a battery for a mission
critical computer memory backup application. The target was a small footprint, 3-volt lithium battery with a minimum shelf life of 20
years and uninterruptible power output during this time period. To the best of the Company s knowledge, no other battery technology
available today can deliver the long-term performance requirements specified by the U.S. Army for this application. 

5 

The
Smart NanoBattery can potentially be designed to accommodate a variety of sophisticated portable electronic and microelectronic devices
including next-generation cell phones, handheld gaming devices, wireless sensor systems, radio frequency identification tags, high-tech
flashlights and beacons, health alert alarms, and non-implantable and implantable medical devices such as pacemakers. 

Initial
applications will address the need to supply emergency and backup power to a range of products for defense and security, with future
applications in the commercial and consumer arenas. 

Strategic
Alliances 

Artificial
Intelligence and Machine Learning 

The
Company has contracts with three separate customers to provide, including but not limited to, software, training, and support services
as required. The contracts provide for initial revenue streams as well as subsequent revenue for training, support, updates and maintenance
services as provided. 

Smart
NanoBattery 

The
Company continued during 2020, together with Picatinny Arsenal, to jointly seek federal funding under SBIR grants to develop additional
new products for military small munitions applications. The Company has a strong historic cooperative relationship for product development
and testing with Picatinny Arsenal having entered into 3 CRADA s (Cooperative Research Agreements) with this small munitions testing
facility of the U.S. Army The Company seek opportunities with various potential academic partners to obtain further STTR grants for new
product research and development. 

In
2007, the Company entered into a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement CRADA with Picatinny Arsenal to test
the single cell version of the Smart NanoBattery suitable for future research and development programs for projectile launched munitions.
From 2007 through the first quarter of calendar year 2010, numerous internal laboratory air gun simulation tests were performed, including
a live-air gun and live gun fired test at the United States Army s facility at Aberdeen Proving Grounds, Aberdeen, Maryland. A
prototype of the Smart NanoBattery was the subject of a live fire test as part of a projectile fired out of an Abrams Tank. The results
of the test indicated that the battery was activated by 10,000 G forces indicating that it could supply energy necessary to operate a
guidance system for small munitions. In addition, the Smart NanoBattery demonstrated extreme resiliency to shock and acceleration since,
it survived tests that subjected it to high acceleration of over 30,000 G forces. 

On
February 9, 2011, the Company announced that it had signed a 3-year CRADA with the U.S. Army Armament Research, Development, and Engineering
Center (ARDEC) at Picatinny, New Jersey, to continue to cooperatively test and evaluate the mPhase Smart NanoBattery, including new design
features functionally appropriate for DoD based systems requiring portable power sources. The army researchers are evaluating the prototypes
using the Army s testing facilities at Picatinny Arsenal in New Jersey to determine applicability of the technology to gun fired
munitions and potentially to incorporate the technologies into research and development and other programs sponsored by Picatinny. The
Research Agreement is supported by the Fuze Precision Armaments Technology Directorate. In order for significant further research
and development to be performed with respect to the Smart Nano Battery the Company will have to be successful in obtaining additional
congressional funding specifically designated for this type of battery. This CRADA was renewed on March 27, 2014 for an additional three-year
period by the Army. The Company is currently seeking to enter a new CRADA with the U.S. Army, subject to availability of funding. 

Products
and Services 

Since
its inception in 1996, the Company has been focused on the development of intellectual property involving high technology innovative
solutions and products with high-growth potential. The Company has previously served as an incubator for exploratory research and initial
development for products that are best characterized as having a high risk/high reward profile since they involve exploratory research
to achieve significant scientific breakthroughs from existing products that can have a substantial economic impact and benefit upon successful
commercialization. Since January 11, 20192020, the new management of the Company has shifted the focus to the rapid expansion of profit
centers centered around the rapid creation, either by acquisition or fast development of software platforms that will enable the Company
to generate revenue from artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies. 

6 

Competitive
Business Conditions 

The
industry of artificial intelligence and machine learning software is highly competitive. Well capitalized companies such as Amazon, Google,
IBM and Microsoft are devoting significant resources and capital in developing customer products and solutions using this technology.
Such companies have far greater resources than the Company. The Company believes, however, that it has assembled a group in India of
highly qualified software and technology experts on a very cost-effective basis. The Company is also acquiring entities that have already
established customer relationships, revenues and market niches that will enable the Company to leverage off such capabilities, and where
appropriate, enhance its existing technology in the area of Smart Surfaces described below. 

Artificial
Intelligence and Machine Learning Segment 

Artificial
intelligence is the use of machines to do cognitive work such as problem solving, pattern matching and creating new patterns. Machine
learning is a subset of artificial intelligence which refers to training a machine as opposed to simply programming it. Artificial intelligence
has the potential to revolutionize nearly all aspects of business across sections and functions. Currently only a small percentage of
organizations have deployed artificial intelligence but this is changing quickly. There is a high correlation between organizations that
are far along in digitizing their information and those that are ready for products and solutions provided by artificial intelligence
and machine learning providers. The Company has acquired and is developing significant product capabilities in this area. 

Battery
Segment 

The
Company believes that the design and functionality of its lithium Smart NanoBattery make it unique to the portable electronics battery
market segment. To the best of our knowledge, there is no existing product that directly competes with the Smart NanoBattery in terms
of its combination of small size and reserve design. As a reserve battery, the Smart NanoBattery remains dormant until it is activated
on command. It does not self-discharge or die prior to its first activation, thereby offering extremely long shelf life prior to use
as either a primary or backup battery in a device. Shelf life is projected to be in excess of twenty years. 

There
are numerous thin film batteries based on lithium metal, lithium ion and lithium polymer, as well as other chemistries, used in military
devices, portable electronics, RFID tags and wireless sensor networks, that are similar in size to the Smart NanoBattery, often referred
to as microbatteries. None of these designs is based on reserve battery architectures. Thin film batteries are manufactured by companies
including Cymbet Corporation, Front Edge Technology, Infinite Power Solutions, ITN Energy Systems, Johnson Research and Development Company,
KSW Microtec, Lithium Technology Corporation, MPower Solutions, Oak Ridge Micro-Energy, Power Paper, Solicore, VoltaFlex Corporation.
Large companies such as Energizer, Ultralife, Varta and Proctor Gamble are also involved with developing thin film batteries. Thin
film battery markets are anticipated to grow substantially as the result of a wide expansion of portable devices in that time frame.
With 3.5 billion cell phone users and 67 billion RFID tags per year, it is expected that there will be substantial commercial demand
for thin film batteries. 

Traditional
reserve batteries are distinct from the mPhase Smart NanoBattery in terms of size and activation mechanism. The market for reserve batteries
has largely been limited to the military for supplying power to munitions and other mission-critical electronic devices. The traditional
reserve battery tends to be larger and certain types are built by hand and contain mechanical parts to activate the battery. The Smart
NanoBattery relies on the phenomenon of electrowetting to initiate activation or a mechanical barrier that can be broken, in the case
of the breakable barrier design. Traditional reserve batteries for military applications have been supplied by companies such as EaglePicher,
Yardney and Storage Battery Systems, Inc. The Company believes that it may be able to significantly reduce the cost of its Smart Nanobattery
with the recent discovery of the potential of printing the battery on a form of graphite rather than traditional silicon
surface. The Company, through its working relationship with Stevens Institute, began in fiscal year 2012 to investigate the feasibility
of the use of graphite which is much stronger, flexible and inexpensive than traditional silicon. 

7 

Outsourcing 

Research
and Development 

The
Company has historically practiced an outsourcing model whereby it contracts with third party vendors to perform research and development
rather than performing the bulk of these functions internally. From February of 2004 through March of 2007, the Company engaged Lucent/Bell
Labs (now Nokia) to develop, using the science of nanotechnology, micro power cell arrays creating a structure for zinc batteries that
separated the chemicals or electrolytes prior to initial activation. This was done by suspending on nano grass or small spoke-like pieces
of silicon a liquid electrolyte taking advantage of a superhydrophobic effect that occurs as a result of the ability to manipulate materials
of a very small size or less than 1/50,000 the size of a human hair. The Company has, as a result of outsourcing, been able to have access
to facilities, equipment and research capabilities that the Company would not be able to develop on its own given the financial resources
and time that would be required to build or acquire such research capabilities. The Company has also been able to achieve key strategic
alliances with the U.S. Army to successfully test, under military combat conditions, its SmartBattery design, leading to further validation
of its path to product development under a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA). In addition, the Company has formed
a relationship with Energy Storage Research Group, a center of excellence at Rutgers University, in New Jersey, that has enabled the
Company to expand its battery development from a zinc to a lithium battery capable of delivering significantly more power. During fiscal
years 2009 and 2010, the Company outsourced considerable foundry work for final development of the Smart NanoBattery to Silex, a Swedish
company. 

During
the period from March of 2005 to April of 2007, the Company engaged the Bell Labs division of Lucent Technologies, Inc. to develop a
magnetometer or electronic sensor also using the science of nanotechnology. Although the Company has, in order to conserve financial
resources, currently suspended further development of its magnetometer product line, we believe that the intellectual property developed
from the research to date could be resumed to develop viable military and industrial products depending upon future financial resources
of the Company and future competitive market conditions. 

Commencing
in fiscal year ended June 30, 2013, the Company has limited product development of its Smart NanoBattery in order to conserve resources.
The Company continues through the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, to protect its intellectual property with respect to the Smart NanoBattery
through active management of its patent portfolio. 

Patents
and Licenses 

The
Company has filed and intends to file United States patents and/or copyright applications relating to some of our proposed products and
technologies, either with our collaborators, strategic partners or on our own. There can be no assurance however, that any of the patents
obtained will be adequate to protect our technologies or that we will have sufficient resources to enforce our patents. 

Because
we may license our technology and products in foreign markets, we may also seek foreign patent protection for some specific patents.
With respect to foreign patents, the patent laws of other countries may differ significantly from those of the United States as to the
patentability of our products or technology. In addition, it is possible that competitors in both the United States and foreign countries,
many of which have substantially greater resources and have made substantial investments in competing technologies, may have applied
for, or may in the future apply for and obtain, patents, which will have an adverse impact on our ability to make and sell our products.
There can also be no assurance that competitors will not infringe on our patents or will not claim that we are infringing on their patents.
Defense and prosecution of patent suits, even if successful, are both costly and time consuming. An adverse outcome in the defense of
a patent suit could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, require disputed rights to be licensed from third parties
or require us to cease our operations. 

8 

The
Company has intellectual property as follows: 

Artificial
Intelligence and Machine Learning: 

The
Company is evaluating various aspects of its artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies and will file for protective patents
and maintain existing patents as determined appropriate. 

Nano
Technology, Micro Electrical Mechanical Systems (MEMS) and Battery Portfolio: 

Various
aspects of the Company s technology are protected by patents either owned directly by the Company or with respect to which the
Company has sub-licensing rights. The Company s current battery related patent portfolio consists of ten issued or licensed patents,
of which one is jointly owned with Nokia Corporation (formerly Alcatel Lucent Technologies), and five are licensed from Nokia Corporation.
These cover such aspects of the technology as the ability to use electrowetting to create a moveable liquid lens, methodology and apparatus
for reducing friction between a fluid and a body, methodology for etching planar silicon substrates to develop a reserve battery device,
methodology and apparatus for controlling the flow resistance of a fluid on nanostructured or microstructured surfaces, methodology for
creating a structured membrane with controllable permeability, methodology for a nanostructured battery with end of life cells, and methodology
for making a multi-cell battery system with multiple chemistries in each individual cell of the battery pack. Some of these patents are
specific to the development of a battery device while others are more generalized. The Company has four patent applications that are
subject to reinstatement, of which three, the Company intends to submit for reinstatement. 

Other
Patents 

The
Company has obtained trademark protection for its mPower Emergency IlluminatorTM and mPower on CommandTM. 

In
July of 2009, the Company filed for 3 new patents covering the unique design features of its manually-activated lithium reserve battery
and emergency flashlight products. 

On
May 20, 2011, the Company announced that it had been granted a U.S. patent for multi-chemistry battery architecture. 

On
February 10, 2012 the Company filed a U.S. provisional patent with the USPTO for a Non-Pump Enabled Drug Delivery System. 

On
February 11, 2013 the provisional patent application was converted to a patent application entitled Drug Delivery System. 

9 

In
order to conserve financial resources, the Company did not file for patent protection on any additional technology or products during
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. As of the date hereof, the Company has rights under the following patents: 

Bypass
 for telephone system splitter, Filed 3/18/2003 in United States, Patent Number 6,535,581 

Signal
 splitter with test relays on auxiliary circuit board and system using same, filed 7/12/2005, Patent Number 6,917,683 

ALWA-001
 Battery System, Filed 3/20/2008 in United States, Patent Number 8,021,773 

ALWA-004
 Tunable Liquid Microlens with Lubrication Assisted Electrowetting, Filed 9/13/2001in United States, Patent Number 6,545,815 

ALWA-005
 Method and Apparatus for Controlling Friction Between a Fluid and a Body, Filed 8/27/2003 in United States, Patent Number 7,156,032 

ALWA-006
 Electrowetting Battery Having a Nanostructured Electrode Surface, Filed 11/18/2003 in United States, Patent Number 7,227,235 

ALWA-007
 Method And Apparatus For Controlling The Flow Resistance Of A Fluid On Nanostructured Or Microstructured Surfaces, Filed 9/30/2003
 in United States, Patent Number 8,124,423 

ALWA-009
 Method And Apparatus For Controlling The Flow Resistance Of A Fluid On Nanostructured Or Structured Membrane with Controllable Permeability,
 Filed 7/28/2006 in United States, Patent Number 7,695,550 

ALWA-010
 End of Life Cycle, Nanostructured Battery, Filed 3/18/2004 in United States, Patent Number 7,618,746 

ALWA-014
 Device for Fluid Spreading and Transport, Filed 1/25/2008 in United States, Patent Number 8,435,397 

ALWA-019
 Modular Device, Filed 9/2/2009 in United States, Patent Number 8,344,543 

ALWA-034
 Reserve Battery System, Filed 3/2/2010 in United States, Patent Number 8,372,531 

Controlling
 access and accessing a traffic network in high density environment, Filed 12/7/2017,Patent Number GB2559469 

We
also rely on unpatented proprietary technology, and we can make no assurance that others may not independently develop the same or similar
technology or otherwise obtain access to our unpatented technology. 

Research
and Development 

Artificial
Intelligence and Machine Learning 

With
the acquisition of Alpha Predictions and expansion of its development team located in India, the Company is able to offer a multitude
of services through the use of data analysis. Our team uses its corporate and business level consulting expertise to support and enhance
the growth of promising enterprises. Our research team uses the holistic approach that encompasses multiple facets of a business and
has developed a unique approach to problem solving that is time tested. As consulting is multidisciplinary, our team is comprised not
only of data analysts but also financial analysts and domain experts allowing us to provide a highly sophisticated digital analysis capability
to our business clients. The Company is able to leverage its personnel and their expertise to develop new proprietary software platforms
for data analysis derived from its present experience and expertise gained in servicing its present customer base. 

Smart
Surfaces 

Our
Smart NanoBattery and power cell technology research and development was performed by the Bell Labs division of Alcatel/Lucent from February
of 2004 through March of 2007 at an aggregate cost of 3.8 million. The Company paid Bell Labs 300,000 covering the period from April
27, 2007 through July 30, 2007, at which time it determined that, in order to develop a lithium battery for higher density energy than
zinc, it required facilities capable of handling lithium battery research that Bell Labs does not have. The Company engaged a number
of small foundries during fiscal year ended June 30, 2008 for commercialization of its Smart NanoBattery at a cost of approximately 150,000.
In fiscal year ended June 30, 2009, the Company engaged Eagle Picher at a cost of 75,000 to design and engineer a prototype of its manually-activated
lithium reserve battery and Porsche Design studio at a cost of 79,123 for design of its emergency flashlight product. In addition, the
Company secured a Co-Branding Agreement with Porsche Design Studio for its emergency flashlight product. In fiscal year ended June 30,
2010, the Company paid 950,018 in connection with producing and bringing this product to market, and in fiscal year ended June 30, 2011,
the Company incurred 33,254 of expenses in connection with this product. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2009, the Company engaged
Silex, a silicon foundry in Sweden, at a cost of 21,200 for further development of its Smart NanoBattery; payments to Silex for fiscal
year ended June 30, 2010 in connection with the Smart NanoBattery amounted to 396,780, and for fiscal year ended June 30, 2011 they
were 40,800. 

10 

During
fiscal years ended June 30, 2008, June 30, 2009, and June 30, 2010, the Company engaged in joint research with Rutgers University in
connection with a 750,000 STTR Grant from the United States Army for purposes of developing an emergency reserve battery to back-up
a computer memory application. 

Employees 

As
of October 1, 2021, the Company employs 20 full-time employees, two of whom are officers of the
Company and 13 consultants, seven of which provide technology platform development services, four that provide sales and marketing services,
one that provides HR services, and one that provides accounting services. The Company s subsidiary in India employs a total of
16 software engineers and data analysis experts. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our securities involves significant risks. Before deciding to invest in our securities, you should carefully consider each
of the following risk factors and all of the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our business and results
of operations could be seriously harmed by any of the following risks. The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. Additional
risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and/or operating results. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and results
of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the value and trading price of our common stock could decline, and
you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business 

Global
or regional health pandemics or epidemics, including COVID-19, could negatively impact our business operations, financial performance
and results of operations. 

Our
business and financial results could be negatively impacted by the recent outbreak of COVID-19 or other pandemics or epidemics. The severity,
magnitude and duration of the current COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain, rapidly changing and hard to predict. During 2020, COVID-19 has
significantly impacted economic activity and markets around the world, and it could negatively impact our business in numerous ways,
including but not limited to those outlined below: 

Purchasing
 power of consumers may be reduced thereby affecting demand for our products and services; 

Decreased
 demand for our products and services due to significant capital constraints as a result of COVID-19 and the macro-economic environment; 

Disruptions
 or uncertainties related to the COVID-19 outbreak for a sustained period of time could result in delays or modifications to our strategic
 plans and initiatives and hinder our ability to achieve our business objectives; 

Illness,
 travel restrictions or workforce disruptions could negatively affect our business processes; 

Government
 or regulatory responses to pandemics could negatively impact our business. Mandatory lockdowns or other restrictions could materially
 adversely impact our operations and results; and 

The
 COVID-19 outbreak has increased volatility and pricing in the capital markets and volatility is likely to continue which could have
 a material adverse effect on our ability to obtain debt or equity financing to fund operations. 

These
and other impacts of the COVID-19 or other global or regional health pandemics or epidemics could have the effect of heightening many
of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. We might not be able to predict or respond to all impacts on
a timely basis to prevent near- or long-term adverse impacts to our results. The ultimate impact of these disruptions also depends on
events beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of any outbreak and actions taken by parties other than us
to respond to them. Any of these disruptions could have a negative impact on our business operations, financial performance and results
of operations, which impact could be material. 

11 

We
have reported net operating losses for each of our fiscal years from our inception in 1996 through the present and may not be able to
operate profitability in the future. 

We
have had net losses of approximately 226,000,000 since our inception in 1996 and cannot be certain when or if we will ever be profitable.
If we continue to incur losses as we have in the past, investors may not receive any return on their investment and may lose their entire
investment. Our prospects must be considered speculative in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies
with new products in their early stages of development, particularly in light of the uncertainties relating to the new, competitive and
rapidly evolving markets in which we operate. To attempt to address these risks, we must, among other things, further develop our technologies,
products and services, successfully implement our research, development, marketing and commercialization strategies, respond to competitive
developments and attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. A substantial risk is involved in investing in us because, as a company
we have fewer resources than an established company, and we may be more vulnerable operationally and financially to external factors
beyond our control. 

We
generated net income of 1,666,011 and incurred a net loss of 14,093,567 for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. If
we are unable to achieve profitability, we may be unable to continue our operations. 

We
will require additional financing in the future to fund our operations which may cause dilution to our existing stockholders or restrict
our operations. 

We
will need additional capital in the future to continue to execute our business plan. Therefore, we will be dependent upon additional
capital in the form of either debt or equity to continue our operations. At the present time, we do not have arrangements to raise all
of the needed additional capital, and we will need to identify potential investors and negotiate appropriate arrangements with them.
Our ability to obtain additional financing will be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance
and investor sentiment. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the
ownership interests of our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of such financings may include liquidation or other preferences,
anti-dilution rights, and other provisions that may adversely affect the rights of our stockholders, including rights, preferences and
privileges that are senior to those of our holders of common stock in the event of a liquidation. In addition, debt financing, if available,
could include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take certain actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital
expenditures, or declaring dividends and may require us to grant security interests in our assets. If we are unable to raise additional
capital when required or on acceptable terms we may need to curtail or cease our operations. 

12 

Our
indebtedness and liquidity needs could restrict our operations and make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions. 

Our
existing indebtedness may adversely affect our operations and limit our growth, and we may have difficulty repaying our debt when due.
If market or other economic conditions deteriorate, our ability to comply with covenants contained in our debt instruments may be impaired.
If we violate any of the restrictions or covenants set forth in our debt instruments, all or a significant portion of our indebtedness
may become immediately due and payable. Our inability to make payments on our indebtedness when due may have a material adverse effect
on our operations and financial condition. 

We
may not be able to raise the required capital to conduct our operations and develop and commercialize our products. 

We
require substantial additional capital resources in order to conduct our operations and develop and commercialize our products and run
our facilities. We will need significant additional funds or collaborative partners, or both, to finance the research and development
activities of our potential products. Accordingly, we are continuing to pursue additional sources of financing. Our future capital requirements
will depend upon many factors, including: 

The
 continued progress and cost of our research and development programs, 

The
 costs in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing patent claims, 

The
 costs of developing sales, marketing and distribution channels and our ability to sell the products if developed, 

The
 costs involved in establishing manufacturing capabilities for commercial quantities of our proposed products, 

Competing
 technological and market developments, 

Market
 acceptance of our proposed products, and 

The
 costs for recruiting and retaining employees and consultants. 

Additional
financing through strategic collaborations, public or private equity financings or other financing sources may not be available on acceptable
terms, or at all. Our prior failure to be timely in our required periodic filings of quarterly and annual financial reports with the
SEC may significantly limit our ability to raise additional capital. Additional equity financing could result in significant dilution
to our shareholders. Further, if additional funds are obtained through arrangements with collaborative partners, these arrangements may
require us to relinquish rights to some of our technologies, product candidates or products that we would otherwise seek to develop and
commercialize on our own. If sufficient capital is not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or
more of our programs or potential products, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or business
prospects. 

We
depend on one customer and the loss of this customer would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

At
June 30, 2021 and 2020, approximately 100 and 100 , respectively, of accounts receivable were concentrated with one customer located
outside the United States. For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, approximately 100 and 100 , respectively, of revenue were concentrated
with the same customer. The loss of this customer, or a substantial decrease in demand by this customer for our products, would have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
depend on one primary vendor and the loss of this vendor would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

At
June 30, 2021 and 2020, approximately 90 and 95 , respectively, of accounts payable were concentrated with one vendor located outside
the United States. For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, approximately 100 and 100 , respectively, of cost of revenue were concentrated
with the same vendor. The loss of this vendor would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

13 

We
operate in a highly competitive industry . 

The
artificial intelligence and machine learning industry is intensely competitive and consolidation in this industry continues. We face
competition in the areas of brand recognition, price, convenience and service. A number of our competitors are larger than us and have
substantial financial, marketing and other resources as well as substantial operations. In addition, reduced barriers to entry are creating
new competition. Furthermore, in order to protect our existing market share or capture increased market share in this highly competitive
environment, we may be required to increase expenditures for advertising and continue to introduce and establish new products. Due to
inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising and new product introductions, including uncertainties about consumer acceptance,
increased expenditures may not prove successful in maintaining or enhancing our market share and could impact our operating results.
In addition, we may incur increased credit and other business risks because we operate in a highly competitive environment. 

Our
nanotechnology competition includes both public and private organizations and collaborations among academic institutions and large companies,
most of which have significantly greater experience and financial resources than we do. 

Private
and public academic and research institutions also compete with us in the research and development of nanotechnology products based on
micro-fluid dynamics. In the past several years, the nanotechnology industry has selectively entered into collaborations with both public
and private organizations to explore the development of new products evolving out of research in micro-fluid dynamics. 

We
depend on certain third parties to assist us in the development of new products, and any failure of those parties to fulfill their obligations
could result in costs and delays and prevent us from successfully commercializing our products on a timely basis, if at all. 

We
engage consultants and contract research organizations to help design, develop and manufacture our products. The consultants and contract
research organizations we engage provide us critical skills, resources and finished products for sale that we do not have within our
own company. As a result, we depend on these consultants and contract research and product supply organizations to deliver our existing
automotive products and to perform the necessary research and development to create new products. We may face delays in developing and
bringing new products to market if these parties do not perform their obligations in a timely or competent fashion or if we are forced
to change service providers. 

We
depend on our collaborators to help us develop and test our proposed products, and our ability to develop and commercialize products
may be impaired or delayed if collaborations are unsuccessful. 

Our
strategy for the development, testing and commercialization of certain of our proposed products requires that we enter into collaborations
with corporate partners, licensors, licensees and others. Some of these collaborators will be located in India and other countries outside
of the United States which pose additional legal and economic risks. We are dependent upon the subsequent success of these other parties
in performing their respective responsibilities and the continued cooperation of our partners. Under agreements with collaborators, we
may rely significantly on such collaborators to, among other things: 

Fund
 research and development activities with us; 

Pay
 us fees upon the achievement of milestones under STIR and SBIR programs; and 

Market
 with us any commercial products that result from our collaborations. 

Our
collaborators may not cooperate with us or perform their obligations under our agreements with them. We cannot control the amount and
timing of our collaborators resources that will be devoted to our research and development activities related to our collaborative
agreements with them. Our collaborators may choose to pursue existing or alternative technologies in preference to those being developed
in collaboration with us. 

14 

The
development and commercialization of potential products will be delayed if collaborators fail to conduct these activities in a timely
manner, or at all. 

If
various outside vendors and collaborators do not achieve milestones set forth in our agreements, or if our collaborators breach or terminate
their collaborative agreements with us, our business may be materially harmed. 

Our
reliance on the activities of our non-employee consultants, research institutions, and scientific contractors, whose activities are not
wholly within our control, may lead to delays in development of our proposed products . 

We
rely extensively upon and have relationships with outside consultants and companies having specialized skills to conduct research. These
consultants are not our employees and may have commitments to, or consulting or advisory contracts with, other entities that may limit
their availability to us. We have limited control over the activities of these consultants and, except as otherwise required by our collaboration
and consulting agreements to the extent they exist, can expect only limited amounts of their time to be dedicated to our activities.
These research facilities may have commitments to other commercial and non-commercial entities. We have limited control over the operations
of these collaborators and can expect only limited amounts of time to be dedicated to our research and product development goals. 

We
are dependent upon key personnel whose loss may adversely impact our business. 

Due
to the specialized nature of our business, we are highly dependent on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain highly qualified
scientific and technical personnel for the research and development activities we conduct or sponsor. The loss of one or more certain
key executive officers, or scientists, would be significantly detrimental to us. In addition, recruiting and retaining qualified scientific
personnel to perform research and development work is critical to our success. Our anticipated growth and expansion into areas and activities
requiring additional expertise, such as new applications for smart surfaces , manufacturing and marketing, will require
the addition of new management personnel and the development of additional expertise by existing management personnel. Despite the current
economic conditions and job market there is significant competition for qualified personnel in the areas of our present and planned activities,
and there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to attract and retain the qualified personnel necessary for the development
of our business. Any difficulties in obtaining and retaining qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operation or financial condition. 

We
may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of any entities which we acquire, such benefits may take longer to realize than expected
or we may encounter significant difficulties integrating acquired businesses into our operations. If our acquisitions do not achieve
their intended benefits, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We
believe that businesses we acquire will result in certain benefits, including certain cost synergies and operational efficiencies; however,
to realize these anticipated benefits, the businesses we acquire must be successfully combined with our business. The combination of
independent businesses is a complex, costly, and time-consuming process that will require significant management attention and resources.
The integration process may disrupt the businesses and, if implemented ineffectively, would limit the expected benefits of these acquisitions
to us. The failure to meet the challenges involved in integrating acquired businesses and realizing anticipated benefits could cause
an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, our activities and could adversely affect our results of operations. 

The
overall integration of acquired businesses may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses,
loss of customer and other business relationships, and diversion of management s attention. The difficulties of combining the operations
of companies include, among others: 

the
 diversion of management s attention to integration matters; 

difficulties
 in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities, and growth prospects from the combinations; 

difficulties
 in the integration of operations and systems; and 

conforming
 standards, controls, procedures, accounting and other policies, business cultures, and compensation
 structures between the two companies. 

15 

Many
of these factors are outside of our control and any one of these factors could result in, among other things, increased costs and decreases
in the amount of expected revenues, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
In addition, even if we are able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, the full benefits, including the synergies, cost savings,
revenue growth, or other benefits that are expected, may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. All of these factors
could decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the acquisitions, and negatively impact our business, operating results, and
financial condition. 

Our
insurance policies are limited in scope and coverage and may potentially expose us to unrecoverable risks. 

We
do not carry director and officer insurance and have limited commercial insurance policies. Any significant insurance claims would have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Insurance availability, coverage terms and
pricing continue to vary with market conditions. We endeavor to obtain appropriate insurance coverage for insurable risks that we identify,
however, we may, due to limited financial resources, be unable to correctly cover those risks that we can anticipate or quantify as insurable
risks. We may not be able to obtain appropriate insurance coverage, and insurers may not respond as we intend to cover insurable events
that may occur. We have observed rapidly changing conditions in the insurance markets relating to nearly all areas of traditional corporate
insurance. Such conditions have resulted in higher premium costs, higher policy deductibles, and lower coverage limits. For some risks,
we may not have or maintain insurance coverage because of cost or availability. 

We
have no product liability insurance, which may leave us vulnerable to future claims we will be unable to satisfy. 

The
testing, manufacturing, marketing and sale of consumer products entail an inherent risk of product liability claims, and we cannot assure
you that substantial product liability claims will not be asserted against us. We have no product liability insurance. In the event we
are forced to expend significant funds on defending product liability actions, and in the event those funds come from operating capital,
we will be required to reduce our business activities, which could lead to significant losses. 

We
cannot assure you that adequate insurance coverage will be available in the future on acceptable terms, if at all, or that, if available,
we will be able to maintain any such insurance at sufficient levels of coverage or that any such insurance will provide adequate protection
against potential liabilities. Whether or not a product liability insurance policy is obtained or maintained in the future, any product
liability claim could harm our business or financial condition. 

Certain
aspects of our technology are not protectable by patent or copyright. 

Certain
parts of our know-how and technology are not patentable. To protect our proprietary position in such know-how and technology, we require
all employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators with access to our technology to enter into confidentiality and invention ownership
agreements with us. We cannot ensure that these agreements will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other
proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure. Further, in the absence of patent protection, competitors
who independently develop substantially equivalent technology may harm our business. 

We
may not be able to adequately defend against piracy of intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions. 

Considerable
research in the areas of micro fluid dynamics is being performed in countries outside of the United States, and a number of potential
competitors are located in these countries. The laws protecting intellectual property in some of those countries may not provide adequate
protection to prevent our competitors from misappropriating our intellectual property. Several of these potential competitors may be
further along in the process of product development and also operate large, company-funded research and development programs. As a result,
our competitors may develop more competitive or affordable products, or achieve earlier patent protection or product commercialization
than we are able to achieve. Competitive products may render any products or product candidates that we develop obsolete. 

16 

We
may not be able to protect our proprietary technology, which could harm our ability to operate profitably. 

Patent
and trade secret protection is critical for the new technologies we utilize, artificial intelligence, machine learning and nanotechnology
and microfluidics, as well as the products and processes derived through them. Our success will depend, to a substantial degree, on our
ability to obtain and enforce patent protection for our products, preserve any trade secrets and operate without infringing the proprietary
rights of others. We cannot assure you that: 

we
 will succeed in obtaining any patents in a timely manner or at all, or that the breadth or degree of protection of any such patents
 will protect our interests; 

the
 use of our technology will not infringe on the proprietary rights of others; 

patent
 applications relating to our potential products or technologies will result in the issuance of any patents or that, if issued, such
 patents will afford adequate protection to us or not be challenged, invalidated or infringed; 

patents
 will not issue to other parties, which may be infringed by our potential products or technologies; and 

we
 will continue to have the financial resources necessary to prosecute our existing patent applications, pay maintenance fees on patents
 and patent applications, or file patent applications on new inventions. 

The
fields in which we operate have been characterized by significant efforts by competitors to establish dominant or blocking patent rights
to gain a competitive advantage, and by considerable differences of opinion as to the value and legal legitimacy of competitors 
purported patent rights and the technologies they actually utilize in their businesses. 

We
may incur substantial expenditures in the future in order to protect our intellectual property. 

We
believe that our intellectual property with respect to our Smart NanoBattery, our proprietary rights with respect to the Company s
permeable membrane design consisting of both micro and nano scale silicon features that are coated with a monolayer chemistry used to
repel liquids, and our recent entry into the area of artificial intelligence and machine learning are critical to our future success.
The Company s current battery related patent portfolio consists of Smart Surfaces technologies. Our pending patent applications
may never be granted for various reasons, including the existence of conflicting patents or defects in our applications. Even if additional
U.S. patents are ultimately granted, there are significant risks regarding enforcement of patents in international markets. There are
many patents being filed as the science of nanotechnology develops and the Company has limited financial resources compared to large,
well established companies to bring patent litigation based upon claims of patent infringement. 

In
the event litigation over patent matters with one or more of our competitors arise, we could incur substantial litigation or interference
costs in defending ourselves against suits brought against us or in suits in which we may assert our patents against others. If the outcome
of any such litigation is unfavorable, our business could be materially adversely affected. To determine the priority of inventions,
we may also have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, which could result
in substantial cost to us. Without additional capital, we may not have the resources to adequately defend or pursue this litigation. 

Patents
obtained by other persons may result in infringement claims against us that are costly to defend and which may limit our ability to use
the disputed technologies and prevent us from pursuing research and development or commercialization of potential products. 

If
third party patents or patent applications contain claims infringed by either our technology or other technology required to make and
use our potential products and such claims are ultimately determined to be valid, there can be no assurance that we would be able to
obtain licenses to these patents at a reasonable cost, if at all, or be able to develop or obtain alternative technology. If we are unable
to obtain such licenses at a reasonable cost, we may not be able to develop some products commercially. We may be required to defend
ourselves in court against allegations of infringement of third-party patents. Patent litigation is very expensive and could consume
substantial resources and create significant uncertainties. Any adverse outcome in such a suit could subject us to significant liabilities
to third parties, require disputed rights to be licensed from third parties, or require us to cease using such technology. 

17 

Our
current smart surface technology is at an early stage of development and we may not develop products that can be commercialized. 

Our
smart surface technology has derived very limited revenue from a Phase I Army Grant of approximately 100,000 and a Phase II Army Grant
of approximately 750,000 with respect to our Smart NanoBattery product from inception of development in February 2004 through the date
hereof. Other material revenue was derived from our series of battery Jump Starters in the fiscal years ended 2014 and
2015; products that the Company discontinued beginning in April 2016 owing to contracting margins and increased competition. 

Because
of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with our product development and commercialization efforts, we are unable to predict
the extent of our future losses or when or if we will become profitable, which, in turn, would result in a loss of investment. 

Our
failure to continue successful commercialization of our new products in the fields of machine learning and artificial intelligence or
successfully commercialize our Smart Nano Battery or to become and remain profitable could depress the market price of our Common Stock
and impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, diversify our product offerings and continue our operations. 

Forces
outside our control which cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, general economic conditions and other such forces which
include the success of our research and field testing, the availability of collaborative partners to finance our work in pursuing applications
of artificial intelligence, machine learning and smart surfaces or other developments in the field which, due to efficiencies
or technological breakthroughs may render one or more areas of commercialization more attractive, obsolete or competitively unattractive.
It is possible that one or more areas of commercialization will not be pursued at all if a collaborative partner or entity willing to
fund research and development cannot be located. Our decisions regarding the ultimate products and/or services we pursue could have a
significant adverse effect on our ability to earn revenue if we misinterpret trends, underestimate development costs and/or pursue wrong
products or services. Any of these factors either alone or in concert could materially harm our ability to earn revenues or could result
in a loss of any investment in us. 

Our
products may not be accepted in the marketplace . 

The
degree of market acceptance of our products will depend on many factors, including: 

Our
 ability to manufacture or obtain from third party manufacturers sufficient quantities of our product candidates with acceptable quality
 and at an acceptable cost to meet demand; and 

Marketing
 and distribution support for our products. 

We
cannot predict or guarantee that either commercial or military entities, in general, will accept or utilize any of our product candidates.
Failure to achieve market acceptance would limit our ability to generate revenue and would have a material adverse effect on our business.
In addition, if any of our product candidates achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain that market acceptance over time
if competing products or technologies are introduced that are received more favorably or are more cost-effective. 

If
we are unable to keep up with rapid technological changes in our field or compete effectively, we will be unable to operate profitably. 

We
are engaged in activities in the artificial intelligence, machine learning, nanotechnology and microfluidics field, which is characterized
by extensive research efforts and rapid technological progress. If we fail to anticipate or respond adequately to technological developments,
our ability to operate profitably could suffer. We cannot assure you that research and discoveries by other companies will not render
our technologies or potential products or services uneconomical or result in products superior to those we develop or that any technologies,
products or services we develop will be preferred to any existing or newly-developed technologies, products or services. 

18 

Risks
Relating to Our Securities 

If
we fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended Sarbanes-Oxley related to internal
controls and procedures in the future, or, if we discover material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal controls over financial
reporting, our stock price could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. 

Section
404 of Sarbanes-Oxley requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting.
If we fail to comply with the rules under Sarbanes-Oxley related to disclosure controls and procedures in the future, or, if we discover
material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting, our stock price could decline significantly
and raising capital could be more difficult. If material weaknesses or significant deficiencies are discovered or if we otherwise fail
to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis
that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley. Moreover, effective
internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to helping prevent financial fraud. If
we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose
confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock could drop significantly. 

Our
common stock is subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in the securities is limited, which
makes transactions in the stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in the stock. 

Rule
15g-9 under the Exchange Act establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity
security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain
exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (a) that a broker or dealer approve a person s
account for transactions in penny stocks; and (b) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction,
setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: (a) obtain financial information
and investment experience objectives of the person and (b) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are
suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the
risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: (a) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination;
and (b) confirms that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our common stock. 

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions
payable to both the broker or dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies
available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent
price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

We
have never paid cash dividends and have no plans to pay cash dividends in the future. 

Holders
of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors. To date, we have paid
no cash dividends on our capital stock and we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain future
earnings, if any, to provide funds for operations of our business. Therefore, any return investors in our capital stock may have will
be in the form of appreciation, if any, in the market value of their shares of common stock. 

19 

If
we fail to remain current in our reporting requirements, we could be removed from the OTCQB which would limit the ability of broker-dealers
to sell our securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. 

As
a company listed on the OTCQB and subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, we must be current with our filings pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act in order to maintain price quotation privileges on the OTCQB. If we fail to remain current
in our reporting requirements, we could be removed from the OTCQB. As a result, the market liquidity of our securities could be severely
adversely affected by limiting the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities
in the secondary market. 

Our
common stock could be subject to extreme volatility. 

The
trading price of our common stock may be affected by a number of factors, including events described in the risk factors set forth in
this Annual Report and in our other reports filed with the SEC from time to time, as well as our operating results, financial condition
and other events or factors. In addition to the uncertainties relating to future operating performance and the profitability of operations,
factors such as variations in interim financial results or various, and unpredictable, factors, many of which are beyond our control,
may have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. In recent years, broad stock market indices, in general, and smaller
capitalization companies, in particular, have experienced substantial price fluctuations. In a volatile market, we may experience wide
fluctuations in the market price of our common stock. In addition, securities markets have, from time to time, experienced significant
price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may
have a material adverse effect the market price of our common stock. 

Financial
reporting obligations of being a public company in the United States are expensive and time-consuming, and our management will be required
to devote substantial time to compliance matters. 

As
a publicly traded company we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. The obligations of being a public company in the
United States require significant expenditures and places significant demands on our management and other personnel, including costs
resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations regarding corporate governance
practices, including those under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. These rules
require the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and procedures, internal control over financial
reporting and changes in corporate governance practices, among many other complex rules that are often difficult to implement, monitor
and maintain compliance with. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply
with all of these requirements and to keep pace with new regulations, otherwise we may fall out of compliance and risk becoming subject
to litigation or being delisted from the OTCQB, among other potential problems. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
headquarters are located at 9841 Washingtonian Boulevard, Suite 200, Gaithersburg, MD 20878. The lease for this office, which presently
is month to month, is charged at a monthly cost of 1,600 19,200 annually). 

20 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. As of
the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as set forth herein, management believes that there are no claims against us, which
it believes will result in a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 

Effective
December 10, 2018, the Company entered into a Judgment Settlement Agreement to satisfy in full the Forbearance Agreement
with Fife that was previously in effect. As a result, under the Judgment Settlement Agreement, no shares of the Company s common
stock are issuable or eligible to be converted into. Under the terms of the Judgment Settlement Agreement, the Company was required to
pay 15,000 per month from January 15, 2019 through and including February 15, 2020, with a final payment of 195,000 which was due and
payable in March of 2020. The Company made all required payments with the exception of the final payment of 195,000 which was due and
payable in March of 2020. On August 17, 2020, the Company entered into a second amendment (the Second Amendment to the
Judgement Settlement Agreement, whereby the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 300,000 (the Note to repay the amounts still outstanding under the Judgment Settlement Agreement. The Note matures on August 17, 2021, bears interest at
a rate of 10 per annum, requires certain monthly minimum cash payments as specified in the Note, and is convertible into shares of the
Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a conversion price as specified in the Note. The Note may be prepaid by the
Company at any time prior to maturity without penalty. The Company satisfied the initial cash payment as specified in the Note. On April
13, 2021, the Company entered into a third amendment (the Third Amendment to the Judgement Settlement Agreement, whereby
the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 300,000 (the New Note to replace the Note
and repay the amounts still outstanding under the Judgment Settlement Agreement. The Note matures on April 13, 2022, bears interest at
a rate of 10 per annum, requires certain monthly minimum payments in cash or the Company s common stock as specified in the New
Note, and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a conversion price as specified
in the New Note. The New Note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to maturity without penalty. On April 16, 2021, the Company
paid 235,000 to satisfy, pay in full, and extinguish the New Note and the Judgement Settlement Agreement, which resulted in a gain on
debt settlement of 549,026 during the year ended June 30, 2021. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets under the symbol XDSL . Our common stock began trading
on the OTCQB during February 2020, and prior to such date traded on the OTC Pink. Any over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer
prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Stockholders 

As
of October 11, 2021, there were approximately 12,000 registered holders of record of our common stock and the last reported sale
price of our common stock on the OTCPink was 0.29 per share. 

21 

Increase
in Authorized Shares of Common Stock 

On
August 27, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock
of the Company to 100,000,000 shares from 25,000,000 shares. On September 4, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its
Certificate of Incorporation to increase its authorized common stock from 25,000,000 shares to 100,000,000 shares. 

On
June 10, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock
of the Company to 250,000,000 shares from 100,000,000 shares. On July 14, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Certificate
of Incorporation to increase its authorized common stock from 100,000,000 shares to 250,000,000 shares. 

On
August 3, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock
of the Company to 500,000,000 shares from 250,000,000 shares. On August 4, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its
Certificate of Incorporation to increase its authorized common stock from 250,000,000 shares to 500,000,000 shares. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid any dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any such dividends in the near future. Instead, we intend
to use any earnings for future acquisitions and expanding our business. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The
following securities were issued in reliance on the exemptions from registration under the Securities Act in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act and Regulation D thereunder. The sale of these securities; did not involve any solicitation or advertisement, were for investment
purposes only and not for resale, and did not include more than 35 non-accredited investors. The securities were issued with restrictions
on the resale of the securities. 

On
September 7, 2021, the Company issued 50,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.30 per share for approximately 15,000 in services. 

On
July 30, 2021, the Company issued 11,691 shares of common stock at approximately 0.43 per share for approximately 5,000 in services. 

On
July 30, 2021, the Company issued 14,493 shares of common stock at approximately 0.34 per share for approximately 5,000 in services. 

On
July 30, 2021, the Company issued 17,241 shares of common stock at approximately 0.29 per share for approximately 5,000 in services. 

On
July 30, 2021, the Company issued 250,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.21 per share for approximately 54,000 in services. 

On
July 30, 2021, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.32 per share for approximately 64,000 in services. 

On
April 15, 2021, the Company issued 23,277 shares of common stock at approximately 0.21 per share for approximately 5,000 in services. 

On
April 15, 2021, the Company issued 18,797 shares of common stock at approximately 0.27 per share for approximately 5,000 in services. 

22 

On
April 15, 2021, the Company issued 42,772 shares of common stock at approximately 0.12 per share for approximately 5,000 in services. 

On
April 15, 2021, the Company issued 128,205 shares of common stock at approximately 0.04 per share for approximately 5,000 in services. 

On
April 15, 2021, the Company issued 450,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.22 per share for approximately 97,000 in services. 

On
February 23, 2021, the Company issued 1,032,918 shares of common stock at approximately 0.10 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
February 9, 2021, the Company issued 450,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.27 per share pursuant to the issuance of a promissory
note. 

On
January 20, 2021, the Company issued 3,352,066 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
January 18, 2021, the Company issued 559,076 shares of common stock at approximately 0.13 per share for approximately 74,000 in services. 

On
January 1, 2021, the Company issued 115,817 shares of common stock at approximately 0.05 per share for approximately 6,000 in services. 

On
December 2, 2020, the Company issued 2,666,666 shares of common stock at approximately 0.36 per share pursuant to the CloseComms transaction. 

On
August 11, 2020, the Company issued 2,038,218 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
August 5, 2020, the Company issued 1,068,973 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
August 4, 2020, the Company issued 711,180 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
July 29, 2020, the Company issued 37,390,452 shares of common stock at approximately 0.03 per share pursuant to a warrant exchange agreement
with the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 

On
July 29, 2020, the Company issued 709,713 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
July 28, 2020, the Company issued 639,080 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
July 27, 2020, the Company issued 1,149,425 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
July 23, 2020, the Company issued 2,275,862 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
July 23, 2020, the Company issued 726,984 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

23 

On
July 22, 2020, the Company issued 1,113,653 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
July 22, 2020, the Company issued 832,189 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
July 20, 2020, the Company issued 620,401 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
July 20, 2020, the Company issued 1,100,432 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
July 16, 2020, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.03 per share for approximately 7,000 in services. 

On
July 16, 2020, the Company issued 548,911 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
July 15, 2020, the Company issued 771,716 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
July 13, 2020, the Company issued 547,930 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
July 10, 2020, the Company issued 513,940 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
July 10, 2020, the Company issued 962,529 shares of common stock at approximately 0.02 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
June 30, 2020, the Company issued 726,560 shares of common stock at approximately 0.04 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
June 30, 2020, the Company issued 712,365 shares of common stock at approximately 0.04 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
June 23, 2020, the Company issued 620,161 shares of common stock at approximately 0.10 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
June 23, 2020, the Company issued 580,724 shares of common stock at approximately 0.07 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
June 22, 2020, the Company issued 409,946 shares of common stock at approximately 0.07 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
June 18, 2020, the Company issued 362,214 shares of common stock at approximately 0.07 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
June 17, 2020, the Company issued 434,749 shares of common stock at approximately 0.07 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
June 10, 2020, the Company issued 434,110 shares of common stock at approximately 0.07 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

24 

On
June 3, 2020, the Company issued 541,724 shares of common stock at approximately 0.10 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
May 22, 2020, the Company issued 166,666 shares of common stock at approximately 0.09 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
May 12, 2020, the Company issued 215,053 shares of common stock at approximately 0.09 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
May 8, 2020, the Company issued 198,150 shares of common stock at approximately 0.09 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
April 17, 2020, the Company issued 58,651 shares of common stock at approximately 0.17 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
April 17, 2020, the Company issued 150,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.17 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
April 8, 2020, the Company issued 47,713 shares of common stock at approximately 0.21 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
April 8, 2020, the Company issued 145,933 shares of common stock at approximately 0.21 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
March 27, 2020, the Company issued 37,634 shares of common stock at approximately 0.28 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
March 27, 2020, the Company issued 30,459 shares of common stock at approximately 0.28 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
February 12, 2020, the Company issued 60,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share pursuant to a private placement
memorandum. 

On
January 17, 2020, the Company issued 190,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share pursuant to a private placement
memorandum. 

On
January 16, 2020, the Company issued 280,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share pursuant to a private placement
memorandum. 

On
January 16, 2020, the Company issued 9,147 shares of common stock at approximately 1.03 per share for approximately 9,400 in services. 

On
January 16, 2020, the Company issued 1,856 shares of common stock at approximately 1.01 per share for approximately 1,900 in services. 

On
January 15, 2020, the Company issued 174,216 shares of common stock at approximately 0.72 per share pursuant to a private placement
memorandum. 

On
January 14, 2020, the Company issued 35,361 shares of common stock at approximately 0.71 per share pursuant to a private placement memorandum. 

On
November 7, 2019, the Company issued 10,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share pursuant to a private placement memorandum. 

25 

On
October 18, 2019, the Company issued 62,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share for approximately 15,500 in services. 

On
October 9, 2019, the Company issued 231,635 shares of common stock at approximately 0.89 per share pursuant to the Chief Financial Officer s
employment agreement. 

On
August 19, 2019, the Company issued 140,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share for approximately 35,000 in services. 

On
August 13, 2019, the Company issued 17,204 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
August 6, 2019, the Company issued 340,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share pursuant to a private placement memorandum. 

On
August 6, 2019, the Company issued 12,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share pursuant to a convertible promissory
note. 

On
August 6, 2019, the Company issued 50,150 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share for approximately 12,500 in services. 

On
July 2, 2019, the Company issued 575,300 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share for approximately 18,800 in services. 

On
July 2, 2019, the Company issued 40,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share pursuant to a private placement memorandum. 

During
the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2019, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share pursuant to
a private placement memorandum. 

On
January 16, 2019, the Company issued 2,620,899 shares of common stock at approximately 0.50 per share pursuant to the Chief Executive
Officer s employment agreement. 

During
the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2019, the Company issued 320,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share pursuant
to a private placement memorandum. 

During
the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2018, the Company issued 593,240 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share pursuant
to convertible promissory notes and services. 

During
the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2018, the Company issued 80,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share pursuant
to a private placement memorandum. 

During
the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2018, the Company issued 3,305,492 shares of common stock at approximately 0.50 per share pursuant
to convertible promissory notes and services. 

During
the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2018, the Company issued 1,150,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.50 per share for
approximately 575,000 in services. 

During
the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2018, the Company issued 40,000 shares of common stock at approximately 0.25 per share pursuant
to a private placement memorandum. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

26 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You
should read this discussion together with the financial statements, related notes and other financial information included elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains assumptions, estimates and other forward-looking statements that
involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. To the extent that this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements regarding the financial condition,
operating results, business prospects or any other aspect of our Company, please be advised that our actual financial condition, operating
results and business performance may differ materially from that projected or estimated by us in forward-looking statements and thus
you should not unduly rely on these statements. 

Overview 

Since
January 11, 2019, when the Company underwent a complete change in management and control, the new management has continued to broaden
the Company s product mix to include artificial intelligence and machine learning products. 

Since
announcing the formation of mPhase Technologies India, Pvt, Ltd during February 2019, the Company has expanded its focus on software
and technology development for new and existing projects through the creation and expansion of its Center of Excellence 
India division. This Center of Excellence consists of a team in India of highly qualified software and technology experts
in the fields of artificial intelligence and machine learning. 

In
addition to the foregoing, since our acquisition of Travel Buddhi during February 2019, we have continued developing the software platform
which enhances travel via ultra-customization tools that tailor a planned trip experience in ways not previously available by making
it smart and connected as part of the internet of things. 

Furthermore,
since our acquisition of CloseComms during May 2020, pursuant to which we acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities, we
have continued advancing our patented, software application platform that can be integrated into a retail customer s existing Wi-Fi
infrastructure, giving the retailer important customer data and enabling AI-enhanced, targeted promotions to drive store traffic and
sales. 

Recent
Developments 

Financings 

Evergreen
Agreement 

On
April 6, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Evergreen Capital Management LLC
(the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company sold to the Investor a 15 OID convertible promissory note with a principal
amount of 1,771,000 (the Note and a warrant (the Warrant to purchase up to 8,855,000 shares of the Company s
common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Common Stock for proceeds of 1,540,000 . 

27 

The
Note matures on April 6, 2022, bears interest at the rate of 5 per annum and is convertible at any time upon the option of the Investor
into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to 0.20 per share or, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event
of Default (as defined in the Note), if lower, at a conversion price equal to 75 of the lowest daily VWAP of the Common Stock during
the 20 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion date. The Company has the right to prepay all or any
portion of the outstanding balance of the Note in an amount equal to 115 or 120 , depending on whether such repayment is made before
November 5, 2021 or after November 5, 2021, respectively, multiplied by the portion of the outstanding balance to be prepaid. The Company
is required to prepay all or any portion of the outstanding balance of the Note upon the occurrence of a Qualified Financing (as defined
in the Note). If at any time while the Note is outstanding, the Company completes any single Future Transaction (as defined in the Note),
the Investor may, in its sole discretion, elect to apply all, or any portion, of the then outstanding principal amount of this Note and
any accrued but unpaid interest, as purchase consideration for such Future Transaction. 

The
Warrant is exercisable at a purchase price of 0.20 per share at any time on or prior to April 6, 2025, and may be exercised on a cashless
basis, beginning on the six-month anniversary of the Effective Date, if the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrant are not then
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Investor will not have the right to exercise
the Warrant if the Investor, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to its conversion and under no circumstances may exercise the Warrant if the Investor,
together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to its exercise. 

The
SPA contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations
of the Company, other obligations of the parties thereto, and termination provisions. 

Investors 
Agreement 

On
May 4, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with two accredited investors (the Investors ),
pursuant to which the Company sold to the Investors 15 OID convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of 2,264,706
(the Notes and warrants (the Warrants to purchase up to 11,323,530 shares of the Company s common
stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Common Stock for proceeds of 1,925,000 (the
 Purchase Price . The Purchase Price was funded on May 5, 2021. 

If
the Company files a Registration Statement on Form S-1 for the sale of shares of its Common Stock in conjunction with an application
to list the Company s Common Stock on a national securities exchange, the Investors will be obligated to purchase under the SPA,
within three (3) business days, on a pro rata basis, additional promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 735,294 and warrants
to purchase up to 3,676,471 shares of the Company s common stock, for proceeds of 625,001. 

The
Notes mature on May 5, 2022, bear interest at the rate of 5 per annum and are convertible at any time upon the option of the Investors
into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to 0.20 per share. The Company has the right to prepay all or any portion of
the outstanding balance of the Notes in an amount equal to 115 or 120 , depending on whether such repayment is made before November
5, 2021 or after November 5, 2021, respectively, multiplied by the portion of the outstanding balance to be prepaid. 

28 

The
Warrants are exercisable at a purchase price of 0.20 per share at any time on or prior to May 5, 2025, and may be exercised on a cashless
basis, beginning on the six-month anniversary of the Effective Date, if the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants are not then
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 

The
SPA contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations
of the Company, other obligations of the parties thereto, and termination provisions. 

Officer
Appointments and Departures 

On
May 17, 2021, the board of directors the Company appointed Mr. Venkat Kodumudi as the Company s Chief Operating Officer (the Appointment ). 

Venkat
Kodumudi, age 52 , combines over 29 years of experience in information technology industry senior management that includes a 14-year
career as software developer and architect. Previously, he had been involved in over 5 companies and a Federal Government Agency, in
the information technology industry holding positions including chief technology officer, health product practice lead, director, and
deputy director for IT operations. From 2017 through May, 2021, Venkat was a Director for CGI, Inc., (NYSE: GIB) IT services company,
with diverse duties including practice lead for blockchain and intelligent automation technology. From 2016 to 2017, he was CTO for FocalCXM,
Inc., a company involved in building and supporting consumer engagement solutions for the Lifesciences industry. From 2004 to 2015, he
held various director level positions for the Transportation Security Agency (TSA), including operating and managing TSA s Enterprise
Learning Management System (LMS). Mr. Kodumudi has a Master s degree in Computer Science from Arizona State University and an MBA
from George Mason University. 

In
connection with the Appointment, Mr. Kodumudi entered into an Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement with the
Company. The Employment Agreement is for an indefinite term and may be terminated with or without cause. Mr. Kodumudi will receive an
annual base salary of 200,000.00 (the Base Salary and shall be eligible to earn a performance bonus in the target amount
of up to 50 of the Base Salary, if any, upon the attainment of performance goals established by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
In connection with his Appointment, Mr. Kodumudi was granted 500,000 restricted stock units of the Company s common stock (the
 RSUs ). The RSUs shall vest in accordance with the following: (i) 125,000 of the RSUs shall vest on the one year anniversary
of the Effective Date; (ii) 125,000 RSUs shall vest on the second year anniversary of the Effective Date; (iii) 125,000 RSUs shall vest
on the third year anniversary of the Effective Date; and (iv) 125,000 RSUs shall vest on the fourth year anniversary of the Effective
Date. As a full-time employee of the Company, Mr. Kodumudi will be eligible to participate in all of the Company s benefit programs. 

Upon
termination of Mr. Kodumudi without cause and provided that Mr. Kodumudi has been employed by the Company for a minimum of twelve (12)
months but less than twenty-four (24) months, the Company shall pay or provide to Mr. Kodumudi severance pay equal to his then current
monthly base salary for six months from the date of termination, during which time Mr. Kodumudi shall continue to receive all employee
benefits and employee benefit plans as described in the Employment Agreement. Upon termination of Mr. Kodumudi without cause and provided
that Mr. Kodumudi has been employed by the Company for a minimum of twenty-four (24) months, the Company shall pay or provide to Mr.
Kodumudi severance pay equal to his then current monthly base salary for twelve months from the date of termination. 

On
August 27, 2021, the Board of Directors the Company appointed Suhas Subramanyam, Chester White, and Thomas Fore as members of the Board. 

29 

The
terms of the appointments of Subramanyam, White, and Fore commenced on August 27, 2021 and are in effect for a period of approximately
one year, until the time of the Company s next Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

In
connection with the appointments of Subramanyam, White, and Fore, on August 27, 2021, the Company entered into director agreements with
Mr. Subramanyam, Mr. White and Mr. Fore. Pursuant to such agreements, the Company will compensate each such director a fee of 20,000
annually, which is to be paid in quarterly installments of 5,000. Such quarterly fee will be increased by 1,250 for each such director
who serves as a member of either the Audit, Compensation, or Nominating Committee. In lieu of cash consideration, the annual fee will
be paid by issuance of the number of restricted shares of the Company s common stock equivalent to the applicable cash amount due
as determined based upon the closing price on the last trading day of such quarter. 

Results
of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

Continuing
Operations 

Revenue 

Our
revenue increased to 30,672,314 for the year ended June 30, 2021, compared to 30,276,422 for the year ended June 30, 2020, an increase
of 395,892 or 1 . The increase is the result of deployment and growth of our learning track technology platform and services which generated
 24,720,000 of subscription revenue, 3,656,274 of service and support revenue and 2,296,040 of application development and implementation
revenue. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue totaled 22,501,496 for the year ended June 30, 2021, compared to 22,579,544 for the year ended June 30, 2020. The decrease
of 78,048 is the result of certain prior year costs not incurred during the current year. 

Operating
Expenses 

Our
operating expenses decreased to 4,964,910 for the year ended June 30, 2021, compared to 20,273,109 for the year ended June 30, 2020,
a decrease of 15,308,199, or 76 . The decrease is primarily due to 16,213,606 of stock-based compensation expense recognized during
2020 related to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, coupled with a decrease of 302,096 in general
and administrative expenses, partially offset by an increase of 1,441,143 in software development costs. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Our
other expense, net, increased by 22,561, or 1 , for the year ended June 30, 2021. The increase is primarily the result of increases
in original issue discount, deferred financing costs, debt discount, interest expense, initial derivative expense, partially offset by
a gain on the change in fair value of derivative liability associated with the convertible promissory notes, and gain on debt settlements
and extinguishments. 

Net
Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations 

We
generated net income of 1,666,011 for the year ended June 30, 2021, compared to a net loss of 14,093,567 for the year ended June 30,
2020, an increase of 15,759,578. The increase in net income is primarily driven by the increase in gross profit, coupled with the decrease
in operating expenses, partially offset by the increase in other income (expense). 

Discontinued
Operations 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, there are no revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses, other income (expense), or net income
(loss) from discontinued operations. 

30 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

At
June 30, 2021, we had 2,473,386 of cash on-hand, an increase of 2,330,973 from 142,413 at June 30, 2020. 

Net
cash used in operating activities of continuing operations was 1,520,703 for the year ended June 30, 2021, an increase of 176,670 from
 1,344,033 used during the year ended June 30, 2020. This increase was primarily due to increases in accounts receivable and net income,
partially offset by a net decrease in non-cash charges and an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

Net
cash used in investing activities of continuing operations was 3,064 for the year ended June 30, 2021, compared to net cash provided
by investing activities of continuing operations of 69,447 for the year ended June 30, 2020. The increase was due to an increase in
capital expenditures, coupled with the decrease in cash acquired from the CloseComms acquisition during the year ended June 30, 2020. 

Financing
activities of continuing operations increased to 3,979,336 for the year ended June 30, 2021, compared to 1,269,933 for the year ended
June 30, 2020. This increase was primarily due to increased proceeds from issuances of convertible promissory notes, and proceeds from
notes payable, partially offset by decreases in proceeds from the sale of common stock and notes payable to related parties, and coupled
with increases in repayments of notes payable to related parties, repayments under settlement agreement, and repayments of convertible
notes payable. 

Going
Concern 

We
generated net income of 1,666,011 and incurred a net loss of 14,093,567 for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We
used cash in operating activities of 1,520,703 and 1,344,033 for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At June 30,
2021, we had a working capital surplus of 9,755,907, and an accumulated deficit of 226,061,409. While these factors alone may raise
doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, management believes the Company s present and expected
cash flows will enable it to meet its obligations for a period of twelve months from the date of this filing. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts nor to the amounts and classification of liabilities that
might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

In the event managements plans do not materialize,
in order to meet the Company s working capital needs through the next twelve months and to fund the growth of its
nanotechnology, artificial intelligence, and machine learning technologies, as well as our 5G and EV charging initiatives,
we may consider plans to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt. Although we intend to obtain additional financing
to meet our cash needs, we may be unable to secure any additional financing on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us, if at all.
Our ability to raise additional capital may also be impacted by the recent COVID-19 pandemic, which such ability is highly uncertain,
cannot be predicted, and could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Impact
of COVID-19 Pandemic 

A
novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, surfaced during December 2019 and has spread around the world, including to the United States.
During March 2020, COVID-19 was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. During certain periods of the pandemic thus far,
a number of U.S. states and various countries throughout the world had been under governmental orders requiring that all workers remain
at home unless their work was critical, essential, or life-sustaining. As a result of these governmental orders, we temporarily closed
our domestic and international offices and required all of our employees to work remotely. As economic activity has begun and continues
recovering, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business has been more reflective of greater economic and marketplace dynamics.
Furthermore, in light of variant strains of the virus that have emerged, the COVID-19 pandemic could once again impact our operations
and the operations of our customers and vendors as a result of quarantines, illnesses, and travel restrictions. 

31 

The
full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, such as
the ultimate duration and scope of the pandemic, its impact on our employees, customers, and vendors, in addition to how quickly normal
economic conditions and operations resume and whether the pandemic impacts other risks disclosed in Item 1A Risk Factors 
within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Even after the pandemic has subsided, we may continue to experience adverse impacts to our business
as a result of any economic recession or depression that has occurred as a result of the pandemic. Therefore, we cannot reasonably estimate
the impact at this time. We continue to actively monitor the pandemic and may determine to take further actions that alter our business
operations as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees,
customers, vendors, and shareholders. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

We
have identified the policies below as critical to our understanding of the results of our business operations. We discuss the impact
and any associated risks related to these policies on our business operations throughout Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results. 

In
the ordinary course of business, we have made a number of estimates and assumptions in preparing our financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Actual results could differ significantly
from those estimates and assumptions. The following critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of
our consolidated financial statements. For a summary of our significant accounting policies, including the critical accounting policies
discussed below, refer to Note 3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included in the notes to consolidated financial
statements for the year ended June 30, 2021 included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We
consider the following accounting policies to be those most important to the portrayal of our results of operations and financial condition: 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB ), Accounting Standards Codification ASC ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). Revenues are recognized when control is transferred
to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods. Revenue
recognition is evaluated through the following five steps: (i) identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer; (ii) identification
of the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determination of the transaction price; (iv) allocation of the transaction price
to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognition of revenue when or as a performance obligation is satisfied. 

Revenue
is derived from the sale of artificial intelligence and machine learning focused technology products and related services. The Company
recognizes revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Product sales occur once
control is transferred upon delivery to the customer. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive
in exchange for transferring products. The amount of consideration the Company receives and revenue the Company recognizes varies with
changes in customer incentives the Company offers to its customers and their customers. In the event any discounts, sales incentives,
or similar arrangements are agreed to with a customer, such amounts are estimated at time of sale and deducted from revenue. Sales taxes
and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue (see Note 7). 

Contract
liabilities include amounts billed to customers in excess of revenue recognized and are presented as contract liabilities on the consolidated
balance sheets (see Note 7). 

32 

Income
Taxes 

We
accounts for income taxes using an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Accordingly,
deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from the difference between the tax basis of an asset or liability and its reported amount
in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred tax amounts are determined using the tax rates expected to be in effect when the taxes
will actually be paid or refunds received, as provided under currently enacted tax law. Valuation allowances are established when necessary
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense or benefit is the tax payable or refundable,
respectively, for the period plus or minus the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the period. We have recorded a full
valuation allowance for our net deferred tax assets as of June 30, 2021 and 2020 because realization of those assets is not reasonably
assured. 

We
will recognize a financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely
than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized
in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement
with the relevant tax authority. 

We
believe our income tax filing positions and deductions will be sustained upon examination and, accordingly, no reserves, or related accruals
for interest and penalties has been recorded at June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Share-Based
Compensation 

We
compute share based payments in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation and related
interpretations. As such, compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation
amounts, if any, are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the grants. 

Restricted
stock awards are granted at the discretion of the compensation committee of our board of directors (the Board of Directors ).
These awards are restricted as to the transfer of ownership and generally vest over the requisite service periods (vesting on a straight line
basis). The fair value of a stock award is equal to the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the grant date. 

We
estimate the fair value of stock options and warrants by using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The Black Scholes option
valuation model requires the development of assumptions that are inputs into the model. These assumptions are the expected stock volatility,
the risk free interest rate, the expected life of the option, the dividend yield on the underlying stock and the expected forfeiture
rate. Expected volatility is calculated based on the historical volatility of our common stock over the expected term of the option.
Risk free interest rates are calculated based on continuously compounded risk free rates for the appropriate term. 

Determining
the appropriate fair value model and calculating the fair value of equity based payment awards requires the input of the subjective
assumptions described above. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of equity based payment awards represent management s
best estimates, which involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. We are required to estimate
the expected forfeiture rate and recognize expense only for those shares expected to vest. 

We
account for share based payments granted to non employees in accordance with ASC 505 50, Equity Based Payments
to Non Employees. We determine the fair value of the stock based payment as either the fair value of the consideration
received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more readily determinable. If the fair value of the equity
instruments issued is used, it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the
date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached, or (2) the date at which the
counterparty s performance is complete. 

33 

Derivative
Instruments 

We
enter into financing arrangements that consist of freestanding derivative instruments or are hybrid instruments that contain embedded
derivative features. We recognize derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet and measure such derivative
instruments at fair values with gains or losses recognized in earnings. Embedded derivatives that are not clearly and closely related
to the host contract are bifurcated and are recognized at fair value with changes in fair value recognized as either a gain or loss in
earnings. The fair values of derivative financial instruments are estimated using various techniques (and combinations thereof) that
are considered consistent with the objective measuring fair values. In selecting the appropriate technique, the nature of the instrument,
the market risks that it embodies and the expected means of settlement are considered. Estimating fair values of derivative financial
instruments requires the development of significant and subjective estimates that may, and are likely to, change over the duration of
the instrument with related changes in internal and external market factors. In addition, option-based techniques (such as Black-Scholes
model) are highly volatile and sensitive to changes in the trading market price of our common stock. Since derivative financial instruments
are initially and subsequently carried at fair values, our income (expense) going forward will reflect the volatility in these estimates
and assumption changes. 

Accounts
Receivable 

We
regularly review outstanding receivables and provide for estimated losses through an allowance for doubtful accounts. In evaluating the
level of established loss reserves, we make judgments regarding our customers ability to make required payments, economic events,
and other factors. As the financial condition of these parties change, circumstances develop or additional information becomes
available, adjustments to the allowance for doubtful accounts may be required. We maintain reserves for potential credit losses, and
such losses traditionally have been within our expectations. Additionally, to date, the Company has entered into three separate tri-party
settlement and offset agreements with its largest customer and largest vendor, whereby the Company s largest customer has agreed
to direct funds due the Company for certain outstanding invoices, to the Company s largest vendor to satisfy payment on behalf
of the Company for certain outstanding invoices. To date, the aggregate amount of the five tri-party settlement and offset agreements
has totaled 41,250,000. At June 30, 2021 and 2020, we determined there was no requirement for an allowance for doubtful accounts. 

New
Accounting Standards 

Refer
to Note 3 to our audited consolidated financial statements including in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of recently
adopted and to be adopted accounting standards. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See
financial statements starting on page F-1. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

34 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of
June 30, 2021 to determine whether our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information
required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder, is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls
and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the controls system
are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within
a company have been detected. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of June 30, 2021. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the controls system are
met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company
have been detected. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
GAAP. 

Our
management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2021. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework.
Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that, as of June 30, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was effective
based on such criteria. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Furthermore, smaller
companies face additional limitations. Smaller companies employ fewer individuals and find it difficult to properly segregate duties.
Smaller companies tend to utilize general accounting software packages that lack a rigorous set of software controls. 

Attestation
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting due to the rules of the SEC for smaller reporting companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2021 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

35 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors,
Executive Officers, and Other Key Employees 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of the members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers and the positions held
by each as of October 11, 2021. 

Name

Age

Positions(s)

Anshu
 Bhatnagar 
 
 47 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 

Venkat
 Kodumudi 
 
 52 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 

Suhas
 Subramanyam 
 
 35 
 
 Director

Chester
 White 
 
 57 
 
 Director

Thomas
 Fore 
 
 55 
 
 Director 

Biographies
for the members of our Board of Directors and our management team are set forth below. 

Anshu
Bhatnagar Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Anshu
Bhatnagar has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our board of directors since January 11, 2019. Mr. Bhatnagar has
extensive international business experience, most recently (from January 2008 through February 2021) managing private and public international
trade and distribution companies specializing in food products. Mr. Bhatnagar was also a Managing Member of Blue Capital Group, a real
estate oriented multi-family office focused on acquiring, developing, and managing commercial real estate as well as investing in operating
businesses from January 2008 to December 2016. Moreover, Mr. Bhatnagar was Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Verus International
Inc., a real estate services company. He has also owned and operated other successful businesses in technology, construction and waste
management. A computer scientist and entrepreneur, Anshu began his technology career working on major federal government projects for
Oracle and Computer Science Corp. He eventually formed his own firm (2Pi Solutions) in this space, which was ranked as one of the top
100 fastest growing companies in the U.S. before its sale in 2010. We believe Mr. Bhatnagar is qualified to serve as a member of our
board because of his extensive international business experience and expertise in large-scale critical technology deployments. 

Venkat
Kodumudi - Chief Operating Officer 

Mr.
Kodumudi combines over 29 years of experience in information technology industry senior management that includes a 14-year career as
software developer and architect. Previously, he had been involved in over 5 companies and a Federal Government Agency, in the information
technology industry holding positions including chief technology officer, health product practice lead, director, and deputy director
for IT operations. From 2017 through May, 2021, Venkat was a Director for CGI, Inc., (NYSE: GIB) IT services company, with diverse duties
including practice lead for blockchain and intelligent automation technology. From 2016 to 2017, he was CTO for FocalCXM, Inc., a company
involved in building and supporting consumer engagement solutions for the Lifesciences industry. From 2004 to 2015, he held various director
level positions for the Transportation Security Agency (TSA), including operating and managing TSA s Enterprise Learning Management
System (LMS). Mr. Kodumudi has a Master s degree in Computer Science from Arizona State University and an MBA from George Mason
University. 

36 

Suhas
Subramanyam - Director 

Mr.
Subramanyam is a public servant, lawyer, and technology policy expert who currently represents the 87th District in the Virginia General
Assembly, where he was first elected in 2019. He was the first Indian-American elected in Virginia s history at either the state
or federal level. He also serves on the Virginia Small Business Commission and Virginia Minority Business Commission (August 2020 to
present) as well as the Communications, Technology, and Innovation Committee in the House of Delegates (May 2020 to present). Previously,
he served as a technology policy advisor in the White House under President Barack Obama between August 2015 through January 2017, where
he ran a task force on technology policy and advised on Artificial Intelligence, cybersecurity, infrastructure policy, and economic opportunity.
Before joining the White House, as an attorney with Jones Day, where he handled a range of technology and trade issues. He has also served
as an advisor to Members of the U.S. House of Representatives and U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee. Mr. Subramanyam also serves as In-House
Counsel at Level, Inc. (March 2021 to present). He is a resident of Loudoun County, Virginia, and holds a J.D. from Northwestern University.
The Board believes that Mr. Subramanyam s technology, regulatory, and government leadership experience will make him a valuable
addition to the Board and is expected to help bring the Company towards continued growth and success. 

Chester
White - Director 

Mr.
White currently serves as CEO of QuantAI, Inc. QuantAI (2017 to present), a leading artificial intelligence FinTech company.
He also serves as portfolio manager of the Helios Alpha 3x Fund, LP. Previously, Mr. White held executive positions with Paine
Webber (acquired by UBS Financial Services), Dean Witter (acquired by Morgan Stanley), Wells
Fargo N.A. (1998 to 2002), Merriman, and Curran Ford Co. Additionally, Mr. White serves in various positions of increasing responsibility
including a Manager of Griffin Advisors and a Partner in OneTraction Ventures. The Board believes that Mr. White s experience in
technology-based leadership roles qualifies him well to help bring the Company towards continued growth and success . 

Thomas
Fore - Director 

Mr.
Fore has an extensive background in real estate development, digital media and entertainment. He founded and is currently the CEO of
Sora Development and Sora Ventures, a mixed-use master development firm with a focus on Public Private Partnerships P3 Projects ),
both were founded in January 2006. He is also a principal at Tiderock Media LLC, a film production company since January 2010. He has
more than 20 years of experience in the construction and real estate development fields. The Board
believes that Mr. Fore s experience in leadership roles in the technology, retail and commercial sections, qualifies him well to
help lead the Company towards continued growth and success. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among our executive officers and directors. 

Corporate
Governance 

Board
Committees 

The
Company presently does not have an audit committee, compensation committee or nominating and corporate governance committee or committee
performing similar functions, as management believes that the Company is in an early stage of development to form such committees. The
board of directors acts in place of such committees. The Company currently does not have an audit committee financial expert for the
same reason that it does not have board committees. 

37 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth the compensation paid to our principal executive officer named executive officer and the other
executive officers during our fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Name and Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards 
 Non- Equity Incentive 
 Other ) (6) 
 Total ) 
 
 Anshu Bhatnagar 
 2021 
 275,000 
 - 
 153,301 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 37,453 
 465,754 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 2020 
 275,000 
 - 
 16,202,529 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 1,562 
 16,479,091 

Christopher Cutchens 
 2021 
 37,500 
 - 
 5,559 (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 43,059 
 
 Former Chief Financial Officer 
 2020 
 75,000 
 - 
 103,078 (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 178,078 

Venkat Kodumudi 
 2021 
 25,000 
 - 
 9,733 (5) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 34,733 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Suhas Subramanyam 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director 
 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Chester White 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director 
 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Thomas Fore 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director 
 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1)
The amount represents the grant date fair value of awards earned as computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The annual expense
for the 2021 stock awards relates to the fair value of the 37,390,452 shares of the Company s common stock issued upon exchange
of 37,390,452 warrants in accordance with the Exchange Agreement. For additional information regarding this exchange, please refer to
Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements. 

(2)
 The amount represents the grant date fair value of awards earned as computed in accordance with
FASB ASC Topic 718. The annual expense for the 2020 stock awards relates to warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock that are granted under the provisions of the Chief Executive Officer s employment agreement and are immediately vested upon
being earned. For additional information regarding assumptions underlying the valuations of these stock awards and the calculation method,
please refer to Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements. 

(3)
The amount represents the grant date fair value of awards earned as computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The annual expense
for the 2021 stock awards relates to the unvested common stock granted on June 1, 2019 under the provisions of the former Chief Financial
Officer s employment agreement that were immediately vested upon resignation during January 2021. 

(4)
The amount represents the grant date fair value of awards earned as computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The annual expense
for the 2020 stock awards relates to common stock granted on June 1, 2019 under the provisions of the Chief Financial Officer s
employment agreement and are immediately vested upon being earned. 

(5)
The amount represents the grant date fair value of awards earned as computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The annual expense
for the 2021 stock awards relates to restricted common stock granted on May 17, 2021 under the provisions of the Chief Operating Officer s
employment agreement and are immediately vested upon being earned. 

(6)
Amounts represent interest on a loan to the Company. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

None. 

38 

Employment
Agreements 

Anshu
Bhatnagar Employment Agreement 

Mr.
Bhatnagar, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to the terms of an Employment Agreement, Transition Agreement and a Warrant
Agreement, each dated as of January 11, 2019, for a period of 5 years and at a base cash salary of 275,000 per annum. Under the terms
of the Employment Agreement and Transition Agreement, Mr. Bhatnagar received 2,620,899 restricted shares of the Company s Common
Stock. 

In
addition, Mr. Bhatnagar was granted 1,000 shares of a newly-created class of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company that effectively
gives him voting control of the Company. As the holder of one thousand (1,000) shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Mr. Bhatnagar shall
have the number of votes (identical in every other respect to the voting rights of the holders of Common Stock entitled at any regular
or special meeting of shareholders of the Company) equal to such number of shares of Common Stock that is not less than fifty-one (51 percent of the vote required to approve any action that New Jersey law provides may or must be approved by vote or consent of the holders
of Common Stock or any other securities of the Company entitled to vote. Except as otherwise required by law, the holder of the Series
A Preferred Stock shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock on all matters and shall not vote as a separate class. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, should the Company enter into a merger agreement with another company and such merger is deemed significant as per SEC
Regulation SX Section 3.05 and Section 3.06 requirements, the Company with seek shareholder approval by a Proxy solicitation in compliance
with Federal and State law. 

Mr.
Bhatnagar has been elected to the Board of Directors of the Company. Under the terms of the Transition Agreement and a cashless Warrant
Agreement, Mr. Bhatnagar is able to earn an additional 4 of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company for each 1 million of gross
revenues of the Company up to 15 million in such revenues and for a total (including his original grant of the Company s common
stock) not to exceed 80 of the total outstanding common stock of the Company. The purpose of this transaction is to bring in new management
to the Company replacing its existing management to develop and expand its offerings into the artificial intelligence and machine learning
industries while continuing development of the Company s patented and patent pending Smart NanoBattery and Drug Delivery Systems.
In addition, Mr. Bhatnagar intends to broaden the Company s existing lines of business to include diverse lines of business that
the Company can manage profitably. 

On
July 15, 2020, the Company entered into an exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement with its Chief Executive Officer,
Anshu Bhatnagar Holder ), whereby earned and issued warrants to purchase 37,390,452 shares of the Company s Common
Stock (the Cancelled Warrants pursuant to the terms of that certain Transition Agreement (the Transition Agreement and Warrant Agreement (the Warrant Agreement each between the Company and Holder and dated as of January 11, 2019 were
forfeited and exchanged for (i) 37,390,452 shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Shares and (ii) the cancellation
and termination of the Transition Agreement and Warrant Agreement. The Cancelled Warrants had an exercise price of 0.50 per share and
were not subject to expiration. Such Exchange Agreement is intended to make the Company s capitalization more attractive to potential
investors and to remove the uncertainty associated with any future grants of warrants under the Transition Agreement and Warrant Agreement,
although there can be no assurance of any future investments on terms that are attractive to the Company, or at all. Immediately prior
to the Company s entry into the Exchange Agreement, it was determined that 5,650,708 additional warrants (the Additional
Warrants to purchase the Company s Common Stock were due to and issued to the Holder in accordance with the terms and conditions
of the Transition Agreement as the Transition Agreement required certain liabilities to be eliminated by the prior management team within
six months of the Transition Agreement s effective date of January 11, 2019. However, the Additional Warrants were immediately
cancelled and terminated with the intention of mitigating potential liabilities arising from certain issuances of the Company s
Common Stock below the minimum price of 0.50 per share as stated within the Transition Agreement. The Shares to be issued and sold to
the Holder pursuant to the Exchange Agreement were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

39 

Venkat
Kodumudi Employment Agreement 

On
May 17, 2021 (the Effective Date ), the board of directors (the Board of mPhase Technologies, Inc. (the Company appointed Mr. Venkat Kodumudi as the Company s Chief Operating Officer (the Appointment ). In connection with the
Appointment, Mr. Kodumudi entered into an Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement with the Company. The Employment
Agreement is for an indefinite term and may be terminated with or without cause. Mr. Kodumudi will receive an annual base salary of 200,000.00
(the Base Salary and shall be eligible to earn a performance bonus in the target amount of up to 50 of the Base Salary,
if any, upon the attainment of performance goals established by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. In connection with his Appointment,
Mr. Kodumudi was granted 500,000 restricted stock units of the Company s common stock (the RSUs ). The RSUs shall
vest in accordance with the following: (i) 125,000 of the RSUs shall vest on the one year anniversary of the Effective Date; (ii) 125,000
RSUs shall vest on the second year anniversary of the Effective Date; (iii) 125,000 RSUs shall vest on the third year anniversary of
the Effective Date; and (iv) 125,000 RSUs shall vest on the fourth year anniversary of the Effective Date. As a full-time employee of
the Company, Mr. Kodumudi will be eligible to participate in all of the Company s benefit programs. 

Upon
termination of Mr. Kodumudi without cause and provided that Mr. Kodumudi has been employed by the Company for a minimum of twelve (12)
months but less than twenty-four (24) months, the Company shall pay or provide to Mr. Kodumudi severance pay equal to his then current
monthly base salary for six months from the date of termination, during which time Mr. Kodumudi shall continue to receive all employee
benefits and employee benefit plans as described in the Employment Agreement. Upon termination of Mr. Kodumudi without cause and provided
that Mr. Kodumudi has been employed by the Company for a minimum of twenty-four (24) months, the Company shall pay or provide to Mr.
Kodumudi severance pay equal to his then current monthly base salary for twelve months from the date of termination. 

Director
Compensation 

On
August 27, 2021, the Board of Directors the Company appointed Suhas Subramanyam, Chester White, and Thomas Fore as members of the Board
(such appointments, collectively, the Appointments ). 

The
terms of the Appointments commenced on August 27, 2021 and are in effect for a period of approximately one year, until the time of the
Company s next Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

In
connection with the Appointments, on August 27, 2021, the Company entered into director agreements with Mr. Subramanyam, Mr. White and
Mr. Fore (such director agreements, collectively, the Director Agreements ). 

Pursuant
to the Director Agreements, the Company will compensate each such director a fee of 20,000 annually, which is to be paid in quarterly
installments of 5,000. Such quarterly fee will be increased by 1,250 for each such director who serves as a member of either the Audit,
Compensation, or Nominating Committee. In lieu of cash consideration, the annual fee will be paid by issuance of the number of restricted
shares of the Company s common stock equivalent to the applicable cash amount due as determined based upon the closing price on
the last trading day of such quarter. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth information as of October 11, 2021, as to each person or group who is known to us to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5 of our outstanding voting securities and as to the security and percentage ownership of each of our executive officers
and directors and of all of our officers and directors as a group. As of October 11, 2021, we had 79,190,821 shares of common
stock outstanding, and 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power over securities. Except in cases
where community property laws apply or as indicated in the footnotes to this table, we believe that each stockholder identified in the
table possesses sole voting and investment power over all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by the stockholder. 

40 

Shares
of common stock that are currently exercisable or convertible within 60 days of October 11, 2021, are deemed to be beneficially
owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage beneficial ownership of that person, but are
not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Name
 and Address (1) 
 Common
 Stock Ownership 
 Percentage
 of Common Stock
 Ownership 
 Series
 A Preferred Stock Ownership 
 Percentage
 of Series A Preferred Stock 
 Percentage
 of Total Voting Power(2) 
 
 Officers
 and Directors: 

Anshu
 Bhatnagar (3) 
 37,324,285 
 47.1 
 1,000 
 100 
 51.0 
 
 Venkat
 Kodumudi (4) 
 - 
 0 
 - 
 0 
 0 
 
 Suhas
 Subramanyam (3) 
 21,053 
 
 - 
 0 

Chester
 White (3) 
 21,053 
 
 - 
 0 

Thomas
 Fore (3) 
 21,053 
 
 - 
 0 

All
 Officers and Directors as a Group (5 Persons) 
 37,387,443 
 47.2 
 1,000 
 100 
 51.9 
 
 5 
 Stockholders: 

None 

Less than one percent. 

(1)
Unless otherwise indicated, the address of the stockholder is c/o mPhase Technologies, Inc., 9841 Washingtonian Blvd., Suite 200, Gaithersburg,
MD 20878. 

(2)
Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share, holders of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to the
number of votes (identical in every other respect to the voting rights of the holders of Common Stock entitled at any regular or special
meeting of shareholders of the Company) equal to such number of shares of Common Stock that is not less than fifty-one (51 of the vote
required to approve any action that New Jersey law provides may or must be approved by vote or consent of the holders of Common Stock
or any other securities of the Company entitled to vote. 

(3)
Member of the Board of Directors. 

(4)
Excludes 500,000 shares of common stock which vests in four equal installments on May 17, 2022, May 17, 2023, May 17, 2024, and May 17,
2025. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS; DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related
Party Transactions 

Transactions
with Microphase Corporation 

At
June 30, 2021, the Company owed 32,545 to Microphase for previously leased office space at its Norwalk location and for certain research
and development services and shared administrative personnel from time to time, all through December 31, 2015. 

Transactions
With Officers 

Note
Payable Issuances 

At
various points during past fiscal years certain officers and former officers of the Company provided bridge loans to the Company evidenced
by individual promissory notes and deferred compensation so as to provide working capital to the Company. During the year ended June
30, 2021, the Company s Chief Executive Officer converted his deferred compensation from fiscal years 2019 and 2020, totaling 381,566,
and the fair value of his cancelled shares of the Company s common stock of 496,106, into separate promissory notes. All of these
notes accrue interest at the rate of 6 per annum, and are payable on demand. During the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the officers
and former officers advanced 0 and 48,052 to provide working capital to the Company and 40,656 and 4,792 has been charged for interest
on loans from officers and former officers. 

41 

On
October 22, 2020, the Company received a notice of event of default and demand letter Demand Letter from a former officer
and promissory note holder (the Note Holder ). The promissory note was issued on November 1, 2019, in the original principal
amount of 40,739 .31 , accrued interest at a rate of 6 per annum, and matured on April 18, 2020. The Demand Letter stated an aggregate
of 51,940 .09 of principal and interest was immediately due. The promissory note does not have a convertible feature and is not convertible
into shares of the Company s common stock. Additionally, the promissory note does not contain any cross-default provisions with
any other promissory notes issued by the Company. The Company expects to work with the Note Holder to negotiate a repayment structure
whereby the Company can repay the Note Holder the balance due as quickly as possible based upon its available capital. 

At
June 30, 2021 and 2020, these outstanding notes including accrued interest totaled 747,086 and 78,758, respectively. At June 30, 2021,
these promissory notes are not convertible into shares of the Company common stock. 

Common
Stock Issuances 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company recorded 21,474 of stock-based compensation expense related to a June 1, 2019 grant of 231,635
shares of common stock to the Company s former Chief Financial Officer, which vested 25 on the six month and 1 year anniversaries
of the grant date. Upon Mr. Cutchens employment ceasing during January 2021, 115,818 unvested shares of common stock were forfeited
resulting in the reversal of 68,003 of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense. 

Additionally,
during the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company granted 500,000 restricted shares of common stock to its Chief Operating Officer. The
restricted shares of common stock vest 25 on the 1 year, 2 year, 3 year, and 4 year anniversaries of the grant date. At June 30, 2021,
no shares of common stock have vested and 500,000 shares remain unvested. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company recorded 9,733
of stock-based compensation expense. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued 231,635 restricted shares of its common stock to Mr. Cutchens, the Company s Chief
Financial Officer, which were granted on June 1, 2019 (the Grant Date ), pursuant to the terms of an employment agreement
with the Company. The restricted shares of common stock vest 25 on the six-month, 1 year, 2 year, and 3 year anniversaries of the Grant
Date. At June 30, 2020, 115,818 shares of common stock have vested and 115,817 shares remain unvested. During the years ended June 30,
2020 and 2019, the Company recorded 133,142 and 16,464, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to the vested portion
of this award. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company incurred 15,500 of expense related to legal and consulting services provided by Mr. Smiley,
the Company s former Chief Financial Officer and legal counsel. During October 2019, the entire balance of 15,500 was converted
into 62,000 shares of common stock. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company did not incur any expense or utilize any services
by Mr. Smiley, the Company s former CFO and legal counsel. 

Office
Lease 

Effective
February 8, 2021, the Company relocated its corporate office to 9841 Washingtonian Blvd., Suite 200, Gaithersburg, MD 20878, and incurred
rent expense of 1,350 per month through March 31, 2021, which was payable to a related party. The current lease payment is 1,600 per
month and the lease term is a month-to-month arrangement. For the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, 12,150 and 7,621, respectively,
was recognized as rent expense. At June 30, 2021 and 2020, 35,971 and 23,821, respectively, was accrued as payable to the related party. 

42 

Director
Independence 

Although
our common stock is not listed on any national securities exchange, for purposes of independence we use the definition of independence
applied by The Nasdaq Stock Market. Our board of directors has determined that its sole member, Anshu Bhatnagar, is not independent 
in accordance with such definition. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
aggregate fees billed by our principal independent registered public accounting firm for the indicated services for each of the last
two fiscal years were as follows: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Audit
 fees 
 30,000 
 48,500 
 
 Audit
 related fees 
 15,000 
 21,550 
 
 Tax
 fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All
 other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 45,000 
 70,050 

Audit
Fees. The fees identified under this caption were for professional services rendered by our independent public registered accounting
firm for the 2021 and 2020 fiscal years in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements. The amounts also include fees
for services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings and engagements for the years identified. Effective December 8, 2020, Boyle CPA, LLC Boyle CPA ), was appointed
by our board of directors as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, replacing RBSM, LLP RBSM the Company s prior independent registered public accounting firm since August 19, 2020. Effective August 19, 2020, RBSM, LLP RBSM ),
was appointed by our board of directors as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, replacing Assurance Dimensions,
Inc. AD ), the Company s prior independent registered public accounting firm since November 3, 2016. All audit fees
billed for professional services rendered for the 2021 fiscal year were billed solely by Boyle CPA. Audit fees billed by Boyle CPA, RBSM
and AD for professional services rendered for the 2020 fiscal year were 30,000, 15,000, and 3,500, respectively. 

Audit-Related
Fees. The fees identified under this caption were for review of our financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form
10-Q and were not reported under the caption Audit Fees. This category may include fees related to the performance of audits
and attestation services not required by statute or regulations, and accounting consultations about the application of generally accepted
accounting principles to proposed transactions. All audit-related fees billed for the 2021 and 2020 fiscal years were billed solely by
Boyle CPA and AD, respectively. 

Tax
Fees. The fees identified under this caption were for tax compliance, tax planning, tax advice and corporate tax services. Corporate
tax services encompass a variety of permissible services, including technical tax advice related to tax matters; assistance with withholding-tax
matters; assistance with state and local taxes; preparation of reports to comply with local tax authority transfer pricing documentation
requirements; and assistance with tax audits. 

Approval
Policy. Our board of directors approves in advance all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All
engagements of our independent registered public accounting firm in fiscal years 2021 and 2020 were pre-approved by the board of directors. 

43 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Financial
Statements 

Description

Pages 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Loss 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-5 
 
 Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

44 

Exhibit
 Number 

Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Exchange of Stock Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2(a) to our registration statement on Form 10SB-12G filed on October 16, 1998). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Exchange of Stock Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated June 25, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2(b) to our registration statement on Form 10SB-12G filed on May 6, 1999). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-1 filed July 19, 2019, Registration No. 333-23273). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company creating a new class of Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock of the Company and increase of authorized shares of common stock to 125 billion shares (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed January 4, 2019). 
 
 3.3 
 
 By Laws of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Form S-1 filed July 19, 2019, Registration No. 333-23273). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company increasing the authorized shares of common stock to 100 million shares from 25 million shares (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed September 9, 2019). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company increasing the authorized shares of common stock to 250 million shares from 100 million shares (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed July 17, 2020). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company increasing the authorized shares of common stock to 500 million shares from 250 million shares (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed August 6, 2020). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Definitive Schedule 14C Information Statement for a 5000/1 Reverse Split of the Company s Common stock (filed April 22, 2019). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Development Agreement effective February 3, 2004 between Lucent Technologies, Inc. and mPhase Technologies for development of micro fuel cell Nano Technology (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Amendment No. 6 to Form 10-K filed August 13, 2010). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment No.2 to Development Agreement executed as of March 9, 2005 amending Development Agreement effective as of February 3, 2004, as amended relating to Micro Power Source Cells between mPhase Technologies, Inc. and Lucent Technologies, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Amendment No. 6 to Form 10-K filed August 13, 2010). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 3 dated May 19, 2006 to Development Agreement between Lucent Technologies, Inc. and mPhase Technologies, Inc. effective February 3, 2004 for development of micro fuel cell nanotechnology (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K filed August 13, 2010). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amendment No. 4 dated February 3, 2007 to Development Agreement effective February 3, 2004 for development of Micro Fuel Cell Nanotechnology (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Amendment No. 6 to Form 10-K filed August 13, 2010). 

45 

10.5 
 
 Phase I U.S. Army Grant dated July 7, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to Form 10-K filed October 7, 2009). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Documentation including 350,000 Note and 1,000,000 Secured Note for financing between the Company and JMJ Financial dated March 25, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to Form 10-K filed October 7, 2009). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Phase II U.S. Army grant dated August 29, 2008 (Incorporation by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to Form 10-K filed October 6, 2009). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Forbearance Agreement dated as of September 13, 2011 between mPhase Technologies, Inc. and John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed September 16, 2011). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2011 between mPhase Technologies, Inc and John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Form 8-K filed September 16, 2011). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Officer s Certificate delivered pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2011 between mPhase Technologies, Inc. and John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to Form 8-K filed September 16, 2011). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Confession of Judgment 1 delivered pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2011 between mPhase Technologies, Inc. and John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to Form 8-K filed September 16, 2011). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Confession of Judgment 2 delivered pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2011 between mPhase Technologies, Inc. and John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to Form 8-K filed September 16, 2011). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of September 13, 2011 between mPhase Technologies, Inc. and John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.6 to Form 8-K filed September 16, 2011). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Convertible Note dated September 13, 2011 issued by mPhase Technologies, Inc. to John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.7 to Form 8-K filed September 16, 2011). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Stand Still and Restructuring Agreement entered into as of May 31,2012 with John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed June 5, 2012). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Stand Still and Restructuring Agreement entered into as of June 1,2012 with JMJ Financial (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Form 8-K filed June 5, 2012). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Forbearance Agreement and Amendment thereto dated February 15, 2015 as amended on August 11, 2015 with John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 to form 8-K filed August 12, 2015). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Second Modification to Forbearance Agreement with John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed January 29, 2016). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Third Modification to Forbearance Agreement with John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed May 23rd, 2016). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Amendment to Judgment Settlement Agreement with John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed February 23, 2018). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Debt/Equity Conversion Agreements of Related Parties, dated as of January 1, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.97 to Form 10-K filed October 15, 2018). 
 
 10.22+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of January 11, 2019 between Mr. Anshu Bhatnagar and mPhase Technologies, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed January 14, 2019). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Transition Agreement dated as of January 11, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed January 14, 2019). 
 
 10.24+ 
 
 Warrant granted to Mr. Anshu Bhatnagar (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed January 14, 2019). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed January 14, 2019). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Reserve Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K filed January 14, 2019). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Debt Conversion Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K filed January 14, 2019). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Officers and Directors Resignation Letters (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 8-K filed January 14, 2019). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Amendment to Judgment Settlement Agreement with John Fife (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed February 11, 2019). 

46 

10.30+ 
 
 Employment Agreement effective June 1, 2020 between Christopher Cutchens and the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed June 6, 2019). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Product License and Content Agreement Agreement between the Company and iLearningEngines, Inc., a Delaware corporation ILE ). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to Amendment No. 1 to Form 8-K, filed August 12, 2019). 
 
 10.32 
 
 Amendment to Reserve Agreement dated October 9, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to Form 10-K filed October 15, 2019). 
 
 10.33 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of May 11, 2020 between the Company and CloseComms Limited (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibit 10.1 filed May 15, 2020). 
 
 10.34 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement, by and among mPhase Technologies, Inc. and White Lion Capital, LLC, dated
 July 13, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 filed July 17, 2020). 
 
 10.35+ 
 
 Exchange Agreement dated as of July 15, 2020 between Mr. Anshu Bhatnagar and mPhase Technologies, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibit 10.3 filed July 17, 2020). 

47 

10.36 
 
 Second Amendment to Judgment Settlement Agreement with John Fife and Convertible Promissory Note each dated August 17, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed August 21, 2020). 
 
 10.37 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, Convertible Promissory Note, and Warrant Agreement each dated April 6, 2021 between the Company and Evergreen
 Capital Management LLC (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 , 4.1 , and 4.2 , respectively, filed April 13, 2021). 
 
 10.38 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, Convertible Promissory Note, and Warrant Agreement each dated May 4, 2021 between the Company and two Accredited
 Investors (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibits 10.1 , 4.1 , and 4.2 , respectively, filed May 11, 2021). 
 
 10.39 
 
 Third Amendment to Judgment Settlement Agreement with John Fife and Convertible Promissory Note each dated as of April 13, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q Exhibit 10.1 filed May 17, 2021). 
 
 10.40+ 
 
 Employment Agreement effective May 17, 2021 between Venkat Kodumudi and the Company (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibit 10.1 filed May 21, 2021). 
 
 10.41 
 
 Form of Director Agreement effective August 27, 2021 between Suhas Subramanyam, Chester White, and Thomas Fore and the Company (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibit 10.1 filed September 2, 2021). 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from Assurance Dimensions, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K Exhibit 16.1 filed August 25, 2020). 
 
 20.1 
 
 Financial
 Statements of Alpha Predictions (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 to Form 8-K/A Amendment No. 1 filed September
 13, 2019). 
 
 21.1 
 
 List
 of subsidiaries. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

+
Each of these Exhibits constitutes a management contract, compensatory plan, or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

48 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 13 th day of October 2021. 

mPhase
 Technologies, Inc. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Anshu Bhatnagar 

Anshu
 Bhatnagar 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Anshu Bhatnagar 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 October
 13, 2021 
 
 Anshu
 Bhatnagar 
 
 (Principal
 Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Suhas Subramanyam 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 13, 2021 
 
 Suhas
 Subramanyam 

/s/
 Chester White 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 13, 2021 
 
 Chester
 White 

/s/
 Thomas Fore 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 13, 2021 
 
 Thomas
 Fore 

49 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and 

 Board
of Directors of mPhase Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of mPhase Technologies, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2021
and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity,
and cash flows for each of the two-years in the period ended June 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
June 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
of Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. The Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we
are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts
or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments.
The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and
we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts
or disclosures to which they relate. 

Going
Concern Considerations 

As
discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the financial statements were prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplated
the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. At June 30, 2020, conditions existed
which raised substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. At June 30, 2021, this uncertainty
was alleviated by Management s plans, including the Company s existing working capital, current net income and expected future
cash flows. 

Auditing
management s evaluation of a going concern can be a significant judgment given the fact that the Company uses management estimates
on future revenues and expenses which are not able to be substantiated. 

To
evaluate the appropriateness of the mitigation of the going concern uncertainty, we examined and evaluated the financial information
that was the initial cause along with managements plans to mitigate the going concern and managements disclosure of going
concern. 

/s/
Boyle CPA, LLC 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 

Red
Bank, NJ 
October 13, 2021 

331
Newman Springs Road 
 
 P (732) 784-1582 
 
 Building
1, 4 th Floor, Suite 143 
 
 F (732) 510-0665 
 
 Red
Bank, NJ 07701 

F- 1 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 
 
 Assets 

Current
 Assets 

Cash 
 2,473,386 
 142,413 
 
 Accounts
 receivable, net 
 15,784,081 
 14,048,095 
 
 Prepaid
 expenses 
 238,927 
 4,477 
 
 Other
 assets 
 422,254 
 30,879 
 
 Total
 Current Assets 
 18,918,648 
 14,225,864 
 
 Property
 and equipment, net 
 16,518 
 32,669 
 
 Goodwill 
 3,669 
 3,636 
 
 Intangible
 asset - purchased software, net 
 2,079,047 
 2,835,117 
 
 Other
 assets 
 3,645 
 11,670 
 
 Total
 Assets 
 21,021,527 
 17,108,956 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Equity 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 
 4,158,006 
 7,897,887 
 
 Accrued
 expenses 
 1,368,367 
 1,123,842 
 
 Contract
 liabilities 
 350,689 
 219,652 
 
 Due
 to related parties 
 87,688 
 84,485 
 
 Note
 payable to officer 
 691,942 
 26,818 
 
 Notes
 payable 
 323,218 
 20,469 
 
 Convertible
 notes payable, net 
 1,991,036 
 189,641 
 
 Current
 portion, liabilities in arrears with convertible features 
 109,000 
 109,000 
 
 Current
 portion, liabilities in arrears - judgement settlement agreement (Note 9) 
 - 
 771,702 
 
 Derivative
 liability 
 - 
 897,631 
 
 Liabilities
 of discontinued operations 
 82,795 
 82,795 
 
 Total
 Current Liabilities 
 9,162,741 
 11,423,922 

Notes
 payable, net of current portion 
 146,890 
 167,459 
 
 Total
 Liabilities 
 9,309,631 
 11,591,381 

Commitments
 and Contingencies (Note 15) 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Preferred
 stock, 0.01 par value; 1,000 shares authorized and 1,000 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2021 and 2020 
 10 
 10 
 
 Common
 stock, 0.01 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized and 78,612,608 shares issued and 78,584,238 outstanding at June 30, 2021, and
 19,318,679 shares issued and 19,174,492 outstanding at June 30, 2020 
 785,844 
 191,745 
 
 Additional
 paid-in-capital 
 236,935,277 
 231,984,704 
 
 Common
 stock to be issued 
 63,700 
 955,466 
 
 Accumulated
 other comprehensive (loss) income 
 (11,526 
 113,070 
 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 (226,061,409 
 (227,727,420 
 
 Total
 Stockholders Equity 
 11,711,896 
 5,517,575 
 
 Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 21,021,527 
 17,108,956 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

For
 the Years Ended 

June
 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Revenue 
 30,672,314 
 30,276,422 
 
 Cost
 of revenue 
 22,501,496 
 22,579,544 
 
 Gross
 Profit 
 8,170,818 
 7,696,878 
 
 Operating
 Expenses: 

Software
 development costs 
 2,433,071 
 991,928 
 
 Salaries
 and benefits 
 1,138,735 
 17,585,981 
 
 General
 and administrative expenses 
 1,393,104 
 1,695,200 
 
 Total
 Operating Expenses 
 4,964,910 
 20,273,109 
 
 Operating
 income (loss) 
 3,205,908 
 (12,576,231 
 
 Other
 Income (Expense): 

Interest
 expense 
 (683,544 
 (219,589 
 
 Gain
 on change in fair value of derivative liability 
 3,267,323 
 1,584,102 
 
 Initial
 derivative expense 
 (2,240,908 
 (1,610,913 
 
 Amortization
 of debt discounts, deferred financing costs, and original issue discounts 
 (2,032,516 
 (899,491 
 
 Gain
 (loss) on extinguishment and settlement of debt 
 149,748 
 (363,319 
 
 Loss
 on asset disposal 
 - 
 (8,126 
 
 Total
 Other Income (Expense) 
 (1,539,897 
 (1,517,336 
 
 Income
 (loss) before income taxes 
 1,666,011 
 (14,093,567 
 
 Income
 taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 income (loss) 
 1,666,011 
 (14,093,567 

Other
 comprehensive income (loss): 

Unrealized (loss)
 gain on foreign currency translation adjustment 
 (124,596 
 113,070 
 
 Comprehensive
 income (loss) 
 1,541,415 
 (13,980,497 

Income (loss) per
 common share: 

Income
 (loss) per common share basic and diluted 
 0.02 
 (1.08 

Weighted average
 shares outstanding basic and diluted 
 73,133,533 
 13,052,590 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Common
 Stock 
 Other 
 
 Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 0.01
 Par Value 
 Shares 
 0.01
 Par Value 
 Paid
 in Capital 
 to
 be 
 Issued 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance
 June 30, 2019 
 1,000 
 10 
 11,689,078 
 116,890 
 214,007,203 
 115,388 
 - 
 (213,633,853 
 605,638 

Issuance
 of Common Stock to accredited investors in private placements 

1,129,577 
 11,296 
 368,704 
 (33,000 

347,000 
 
 Common
 Stock to be issued for CloseComms transaction 

955,466 

955,466 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock for conversions of convertible promissory notes 

5,872,362 
 58,724 
 995,480 

1,054,204 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock for the conversion of Related Party debts and Strategic Vendor payables, net of reversals 

294,654 
 2,947 
 216,570 
 (82,388 

137,129 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock for accrued services 

62,000 
 620 
 45,880 

46,500 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock for services related to private placements 

11,003 
 110 
 (110 

- 
 
 Restricted
 shares issued under employment contract 

115,818 
 1,158 
 148,448 

149,606 
 
 Warrants
 earned under employment contract 

16,202,529 

16,202,529 
 
 Other
 comprehensive income 

113,070 
 
 113,070 
 
 Net
 loss 

(14,093,567 
 (14,093,567 
 
 Balance
 June 30, 2020 
 1,000 
 10 
 19,174,492 
 191,745 
 231,984,704 
 955,466 
 113,070 
 (227,727,420 
 5,517,575 

Issuance
 of Common Stock for conversions of convertible promissory notes 

20,716,750 
 207,169 
 1,389,719 

1,596,888 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock for exchange of warrants 

37,390,452 
 373,905 
 (220,604 

153,301 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock for CloseComms acquisition 

2,666,666 
 26,667 
 928,799 
 (955,466 

- 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock for vendor services 

1,422,127 
 14,221 
 183,146 
 63,700 

261,067 
 
 Issuance
 of Common Stock for note payable issuance 

450,000 
 4,500 
 117,000 

121,500 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation for restricted shares under employment agreements 

115.817 
 1,158 
 (32,395 

(31,237 
 
 Cancellation
 of Common Stock of CEO 

(3,352,066 
 (33,521 
 (462,585 

(496,106 
 
 Relative
 fair value of warrants issued with convertible promissory notes 

3,047,493 

3,047,493 
 
 Other
 comprehensive loss 

(124,596 
 
 (124,596 
 
 Net
 income 

1,666,011 
 1,666,011 
 
 Balance
 June 30, 2021 
 1,000 
 10 
 78,584,238 
 785,844 
 236,935,277 
 63,700 
 (11,526 
 (226,061,409 
 11,711,896 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Years Ended 

June
 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 income (loss) 
 1,666,011 
 (14,093,567 
 
 Adjustments
 to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from operating activities: 

Initial
 derivative expense 
 2,240,908 
 1,610,913 
 
 Amortization
 of debt discount, deferred financing costs, and original issue discount 
 2,032,516 
 899,491 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 925,037 
 929,924 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation 
 383,131 
 16,335,671 
 
 (Gain)
 loss on extinguishment and settlement of debt 
 (149,748 
 363,319 
 
 (Gain)
 loss on change in fair value of derivative liability 
 (3,267,323 
 (1,584,102 
 
 Allowance
 for foreign taxes 
 - 
 145,129 
 
 Loss
 on asset disposal 
 - 
 8,126 
 
 Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase
 in accounts receivable 
 (27,985,986 
 (11,521,940 
 
 (Increase)
 decrease in prepaid expenses 
 (180,450 
 4,343 
 
 Increase
 in other assets 
 (383,350 
 (39,491 
 
 Increase
 in contract liabilities 
 131,037 
 219,652 
 
 Increase
 in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 23,067,514 
 5,378,498 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities 
 (1,520,703 
 (1,344,033 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Capital
 expenditures 
 (3,064 
 (553 
 
 Cash
 acquired in CloseComms asset acquisition 
 - 
 70,000 
 
 Net
 cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 (3,064 
 69,447 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds
 from issuance of convertible notes payable, net 
 5,219,431 
 1,116,800 
 
 Proceeds
 from notes payable 
 288,000 
 187,333 
 
 Proceeds
 from sale of common stock, net of finder s fees 
 - 
 347,000 
 
 Proceeds
 from notes payable to related parties 
 - 
 32,800 
 
 Repayments
 of notes payable to related parties 
 (224,595 
 (32,000 
 
 Repayments
 under settlement agreement 
 (250,000 
 (120,000 
 
 Repayments
 of convertible notes payable 
 (1,053,500 
 (262,000 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 3,979,336 
 1,269,933 

Effect
 of foreign exchange rate changes on cash 
 (124,596 
 113,070 
 
 Net
 increase in cash 
 2,330,973 
 108,417 
 
 Cash
 at beginning of year 
 142,413 
 33,996 
 
 Cash
 at end of year 
 2,473,386 
 142,413 

Supplemental
 disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash
 paid for interest 
 514,176 
 118,596 
 
 Cash
 paid for taxes 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

For
 the Years Ended 

June
 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Supplemental
 disclosure of non-cash operating activities: 

Initial
 fair value of derivative liability recorded as debt discount 
 853,800 
 1,115,000 

Supplemental
 disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Relative
 fair value of warrants issued with convertible promissory notes 
 3,047,493 
 - 

Issuance
 of Common Stock for conversions of convertible promissory notes and accrued interest 

Value 
 1,596,888 
 1,054,204 
 
 Shares 
 20,716,750 
 5,872,362 

Cancellation
 of Common Stock of Chief Executive Officer 

Value 
 496,106 
 - 
 
 Shares 
 3,352,066 
 - 

Issuance
 of Common Stock for note payable issuance 

Value 
 121,500 
 - 
 
 Shares 
 450,000 
 - 

Issuance
 of Common Stock for vendor services 

Value 
 197,367 
 46,500 
 
 Shares 
 1,422,127 
 62,000 

Payment
 of vendor payables by former officer related party 
 - 
 15,252 

Reversal
 of Common Stock to be issued for the conversion of strategic vendor payables 
 - 
 8,725 

Common
 Stock to be issued for CloseComms asset acquisition 

Value 
 - 
 955,466 
 
 Shares 
 - 
 2,666,666 

Issuance
 of Common Stock for the conversion of Related Party debts and Strategic Vendor payables 

Value 
 - 
 219,517 
 
 Shares 
 - 
 294,654 

Issuance
 of Common Stock for services related to private placements 

Value 
 - 
 11,250 
 
 Shares 
 - 
 11,003 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
1: ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS 

Organization
and Nature of Business 

mPhase
Technologies, Inc., including its wholly-owned subsidiaries, are collectively referred to herein as mPhase, XDSL, 
 Company, us, or we. 

We
were incorporated in the state of New Jersey during 1979 under the name Tecma Laboratory, Inc. During 1987, we changed our name to Tecma
Laboratories, Inc. As Tecma Laboratories, Inc., we were primarily engaged in the research, development and exploration of products in
the skin care field. On February 17, 1997, we acquired Lightpaths, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which was engaged in the development
of telecommunications products incorporating DSL technology, and we changed our name to Lightpaths TP Technologies, Inc. 

On
May 5, 1997, we completed a reverse merger with Lightpaths TP Technologies, Inc. and thereafter changed our name to mPhase Technologies,
Inc. on June 2, 1997. 

From
inception through June 30, 2010, we focused much of our efforts in the commercial deployment of our TV+ products for delivery of broadcast
IPTV, and DSL component products which include POTS splitters. Beginning in 2004, we added a new line of power cell batteries and electronic
sensors (magnetometers) being developed through the use of nano-technology. As of June 30, 2010, we discontinued our TV+ line of products
as well as our electronic sensor products. 

Beginning
June 30, 2010, we shifted our primary business focus to the development of innovative power cells and related products through the science
of microfluidics, microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) and nano-technology. Using these disciplines, we developed a battery that has
a significantly longer shelf life prior to activation than conventional batteries. In addition, such battery product, unlike conventional
batteries, is capable of disposal after use without harm to the environment. 

On
January 11, 2019, we underwent a major change in management and control. New management is positioning us to be a technology leader in
artificial intelligence and machine learning while enabling a more rapid commercial development of our patent portfolio and other intellectual
property. We believe there are significant opportunities to embed artificial intelligence and machine learning into business operations,
platform architectures, business services, and customer experiences, whereby our goal is to generate significant revenue from our artificial
intelligence and machine learning technologies. 

On
February 15, 2019, we acquired Travel Buddhi, a software platform to enhance travel via ultra-customization tools that tailor a planned
trip experience in ways not previously available. 

On
June 30, 2019, we acquired 99 of the outstanding common shares of Alpha Predictions LLP Alpha Predictions ). Alpha Predictions
is an India-based technology company that has developed a suite of commercial data analysis products for use across multiple industries.
This acquisition has been integrated into our international operations and as expected, has driven revenue growth and innovation. 

On
May 11, 2020, we acquired CloseComms, a patented, software application platform that can be integrated into a retail customer s
existing Wi-Fi infrastructure, giving the retailer important customer data and enabling AI-enhanced, targeted promotions to drive store
traffic and sales. 

F- 7 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
1: ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS (continued) 

During 2021, we announced that we would be adding
5G and EV charging to our consumer engagement platform as part of a major strategic initiative to monetize additional points of contact
during consumer travel and travel planning. As of July 2021, we were actively planning pilot programs in 5G and EV charging, as part
of a larger strategy to build an AI-driven consumer ecosystem. By late-2021, we plan to transition into a green consumer
company, serving as an important bridge between consumers, retailers, and service providers. 

We can best be described as a technology company
focused on consumer engagement using data analytics and artificial intelligence to create a monetizable link between consumers and retailers
at opportunistic times and places. We are currently building a connected ecosystem of EV charging, 5G internet connectivity and software
solutions that optimize consumer engagement within the framework of a SaaS/TaaS model. Branded under the mPower name, this ecosystem
will empower the way people shop, dine, fuel and interact with the world to create a richer life experience. The mPower ecosystem is
tailored to each individual s tastes and needs, with particular emphasis on empowering tomorrow s green consumer. We also
have data driven business units generating recurring revenue outside of our consumer ecosystem, in addition to legacy nanobattery technology
and a related patent portfolio that are slated for future development. We plan to expand into other markets, both in the United States
and globally, where we believe our technology and services will provide a distinct competitive advantage over our competition. 

Concurrently,
we continue to pursue strategic alternatives to best monetize our patent portfolio, including partnering to exploit opportunities for
our drug delivery system. We are seeking to obtain government funding available under the Departments of Defense and Homeland Security
including The Department of Defense Ordnance Technology Consortium DOTC ), Small Business Innovative Research SBIR ),
Cooperative Research and Development Agreements CRADA and similar programs for targeted applications for our smart nano-battery
applications. 

Impact
of COVID-19 Pandemic 

A
novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, surfaced during December 2019 and has spread around the world, including to the United States.
During March 2020, COVID-19 was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. During certain periods of the pandemic thus far,
a number of U.S. states and various countries throughout the world had been under governmental orders requiring that all workers remain
at home unless their work was critical, essential, or life-sustaining. As a result of these governmental orders, the Company temporarily
closed its domestic and international offices and required all of its employees to work remotely. As economic activity has begun and
continues recovering, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business has been more reflective of greater economic and marketplace
dynamics. Furthermore, in light of variant strains of the virus that have emerged, the COVID-19 pandemic could once again impact our
operations and the operations of our customers and vendors as a result of quarantines, illnesses, and travel restrictions. 

The
full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments,
such as the ultimate duration and scope of the pandemic, its impact on the Company s employees, customers, and vendors, in addition
to how quickly normal economic conditions and operations resume and whether the pandemic impacts other risks disclosed in Item 1A Risk
Factors within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Even after the pandemic has subsided, the Company may continue to experience adverse
impacts to its business as a result of any economic recession or depression that has occurred as a result of the pandemic. Therefore,
the Company cannot reasonably estimate the impact at this time. The Company continues to actively monitor the pandemic and may determine
to take further actions that alter its business operations as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that it determines
are in the best interests of its employees, customers, vendors, and shareholders. 

NOTE
2: GOING CONCERN 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The Company has generated net income of 1,666,011
and incurred a net loss of 14,093,567 and has used cash in operating activities of 1,520,703 and 1,344,033 for the years ended
June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At June 30, 2021, the Company had a working capital surplus of 9,755,907, and an accumulated deficit
of 226,061,409. While these factors alone may raise doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, management
believes the Company s present and expected cash flows will enable it to meet its obligations for a period of twelve months from
the date of this filing. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and
classification of recorded asset amounts nor to the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern. 

In the event managements plans do not materialize,
in order to meet the Company s working capital needs through the next twelve months and to fund the growth of its
nanotechnology, artificial intelligence, and machine learning technologies, as well as our 5G and EV charging initiatives, the Company
may consider plans to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt. Although the Company intends to obtain additional
financing to meet its cash needs, the Company may be unable to secure any additional financing on terms that are favorable or acceptable
to it, if at all. The Company s ability to raise additional capital may also be impacted by the recent COVID-19 pandemic, which
such ability is highly uncertain, cannot be predicted, and could have an adverse effect on the Company s business and financial
condition. 

F- 8 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
3: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis
of Consolidation and Presentation 

The
consolidated financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, include the operations of mPhase and its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
mPower Technologies, Inc., Medds, Inc., mPhase Technologies India Private Limited effective March 19, 2019, and Alpha Predictions LLP
effective June 30, 2019. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidation. 

mPower
Technologies, Inc. is a New Jersey corporation and a wholly-owned consumer products subsidiary of mPhase Technologies, Inc. As this subsidiary
had its last significant sale of Jump products during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, this product line is reflected as discontinued
operations within these consolidated financial statements. 

Reclassifications 

Certain
reclassifications of prior year amounts have been made to enhance comparability with the current year s consolidated financial
statements, including, but not limited to, presentation of certain items within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss, consolidated statements of cash flows, and certain notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Foreign
Currency Translation and Transactions 

The
functional currencies of our operations in India and the United Kingdom are the Indian Rupee INR and the British Pound GBP ), respectively. Assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the balance
sheet date, and income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates in effect during the applicable period. The aggregate
effect of foreign currency translation is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income/loss in our consolidated balance sheets.
Our net investments in our Indian and United Kingdom operations are recorded at the historical rates and the resulting foreign currency
translation adjustments, net of income taxes, are reported as other comprehensive income and accumulated other comprehensive income within
stockholders equity in accordance with ASC 220 Comprehensive Income. 

The
exchange rates used to translate amounts in INR (beginning March 19, 2019) and GBP (beginning May 11, 2020) into USD for the purposes
of preparing the consolidated financial statements were as follows: 

Balance
sheet: 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 
 
 Period-end
 INR: USD exchange rate 
 0.01349 
 0.01329 
 
 Period-end
 GBP: USD exchange rate 
 1.38510 
 1.23244 

Income
statement: 

June
 30, 2021 
 June
 30, 2020 
 
 Average
 Annual INR: USD exchange rate 
 0.01353 
 0.01386 
 
 Average
 Annual GBP: USD exchange rate 
 1.32459 
 1.23680 

Translation
gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency
are translated, as the case may be, at the rate on the date of the transaction and included in the results of operations as incurred. 

F- 9 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
3: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. If actual results significantly differ from
the Company s estimates, the Company s financial condition and results of operations could be materially impacted. Significant
estimates include the collectability of accounts receivable, estimated useful lives of finite-lived intangible assets, accrued expenses,
valuation of derivative liabilities, stock-based compensation, and the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. 

Segment
Reporting 

Although
the Company has a number of operating divisions, separate segment data has not been presented, as they meet the criteria for aggregation
as permitted by ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting . 

Concentrations
of Credit Risk 

Credit
Risk 

Financial
instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents and
accounts receivable. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents with four financial institutions. Deposits held with the financial
institutions may exceed the amount of insurance provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation on such deposits, but may be redeemed
upon demand. The Company performs periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of the financial institutions. With respect to
accounts receivable, the Company monitors the credit quality of its customers as well as maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts
for estimated losses resulting from the inability of customers to make required payments. 

Revenue
Risk 

Agreements
which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of revenue risk consist principally of one customer agreement. For the years
ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, this one customer accounted for approximately 100 and 100 of our total revenue, respectively. At June
30, 2021 and 2020, this one customer accounted for approximately 100 and 100 of our total accounts receivable, respectively. 

Supplier
Risk 

Agreements
which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of supplier risk consist principally of one supplier agreement. For the years
ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, this one supplier accounted for approximately 100 and 100 of our total cost of revenue, respectively.
At June 30, 2021 and 2020, this one supplier accounted for approximately 90 and 95 of our total accounts payable, respectively. 

F- 10 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
3: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

For
purposes of balance sheet presentation and reporting of cash flows, the Company considers all unrestricted demand deposits, money market
funds and highly liquid debt instruments with an original maturity of less than 90 days to be cash and cash equivalents. There were no
cash equivalents at June 30, 2021 or 2020. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high-quality financial institutions.
At times, balances in the Company s cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC limit.
At June 30, 2021, the Company s cash balance at one financial institution exceeded the FDIC limit. At June 30, 2020, the Company s
cash balances did not exceed the FDIC limit. 

Accounts
Receivable 

The
Company regularly reviews outstanding receivables and provides for estimated losses through an allowance for doubtful accounts. In evaluating
the level of established loss reserves, the Company makes judgments regarding its customers ability to make required payments,
economic events, and other factors. As the financial condition of these parties change, circumstances develop or additional information
becomes available, adjustments to the allowance for doubtful accounts may be required. The Company maintains reserves for potential credit
losses, and such losses traditionally have been within its expectations. Additionally, to date, the Company has entered into five separate
tri-party settlement and offset agreements with its largest customer and largest vendor, whereby the Company s largest customer
has agreed to direct funds due the Company for certain outstanding invoices, to the Company s largest vendor to satisfy payment
on behalf of the Company for certain outstanding invoices. To date, the aggregate amount of the five tri-party settlement and offset
agreements has totaled 41,250,000. At June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company determined there was no requirement for an allowance for doubtful
accounts. 

Property
and Equipment 

All
expenditures on the acquisition for property and equipment are recorded at cost and capitalized as incurred, provided the asset benefits
the Company for a period of more than one year. Expenditures on routine repairs and maintenance of property and equipment are charged
directly to operating expense. The property and equipment is depreciated based upon its estimated useful life after being placed in service.
The estimated useful lives range from 3 to 7 years based upon asset class. When an asset is retired, sold or impaired, the resulting
gain or loss is reflected in earnings. The Company incurred depreciation expense of 22,760 and 6,020 for the year ended June 30, 2021
and 2020, respectively. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

In
accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 360-10, Property, Plant, and Equipment , the Company
periodically reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of the assets may not be fully recoverable. The Company recognizes an impairment loss when the sum of expected undiscounted future cash
flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. The amount of impairment is measured as the difference between the asset s
estimated fair value and its book value. For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not impair any long-lived assets. 

F- 11 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
3: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill
is recorded when the purchase price paid for an acquisition exceeds the fair value of the net identified tangible and intangible assets
acquired. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that
indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The Company tests goodwill for impairment by first comparing the fair value
of the reporting unit to its carrying value. If the fair value is determined to be less than the carrying value, a second step is performed
to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. On June 30, 2021, we performed our annual evaluation of goodwill impairment and determined
that the estimated fair value of our reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. 

Patents
and licenses are capitalized when the Company determines there will be a future benefit derived from such assets and are stated at cost.
Amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, generally five years. As of June
30, 2021, and 2020, the book value of patents and licenses of 214,383, has been fully amortized and no amortization expense was recorded
for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Capitalized
Software Development Costs 

The
Company follows the provisions of ASC 350-40, Internal Use Software. ASC 350-40 provides guidance for determining whether
computer software is internal-use software, and on accounting for the proceeds of computer software originally developed or obtained
for internal use and then subsequently sold to the public. It also provides guidance on capitalization of the costs incurred for computer
software developed or obtained for internal use. The Company expenses all costs incurred during the preliminary project stage of its
development, and capitalizes the costs incurred during the application development stage. Costs incurred relating to upgrades and enhancements
to the software are capitalized if it is determined that these upgrades or enhancements add additional functionality to the software.
Costs incurred to improve and support products after they become available are charged to expense as incurred. 

Capitalized
software development costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives, currently three years. Management
evaluates the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur
that could impact the recoverability of these assets. 

At
June 30, 2021, the book value of purchased and developed technology software of 3,759,021, included three technology platforms, a machine
learning platform and two artificial intelligence platforms. For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred amortization
expense of 902,277 and 923,904, respectively. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
Company accounts for the fair value of financial instruments in accordance with ASC topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures 
(ASC 820), formerly SFAS No. 157 Fair Value Measurements . ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would
be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. 

F- 12 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
3: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

ASC
820 also describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level
1: Observable inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities traded in active markets. 

Level
2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. 

Level
3: Inputs that are generally unobservable. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management s
best estimate of fair value. 

Financial
instruments consist principally of cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, due to related
parties, and current and long-term debt. The carrying amounts of such financial instruments in the accompanying balance sheets approximate
their fair values due to their relatively short-term nature. The fair value of short and long-term debt is based on current rates at
which the Company could borrow funds with similar remaining maturities. The carrying amounts approximate fair value with the exception
of the fair value of due to related parties as the fair value cannot be determined due to a lack of similar instruments available to
the Company. It is management s opinion that the Company is not exposed to any significant currency or credit risks arising from
these financial instruments. At June 30, 2020, the Company had a Level 3 financial instrument related to its derivative liability. At
June 30, 2021, the Company did not have a derivative liability. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB ), Accounting Standards
Codification ASC ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). Revenues are recognized when
control is transferred to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange
for those goods. Revenue recognition is evaluated through the following five steps: (i) identification of the contract, or contracts,
with a customer; (ii) identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determination of the transaction price; (iv)
allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognition of revenue when or as a performance
obligation is satisfied. 

Revenue
is derived from the sale of artificial intelligence and machine learning focused technology products and related services. The Company
recognizes revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Product sales occur once
control is transferred upon delivery to the customer. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive
in exchange for transferring products. The amount of consideration the Company receives and revenue the Company recognizes varies with
changes in customer incentives the Company offers to its customers and their customers. In the event any discounts, sales incentives,
or similar arrangements are agreed to with a customer, such amounts are estimated at time of sale and deducted from revenue. Sales taxes
and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue (see Note 7). 

Contract
liabilities include amounts billed to customers in excess of revenue recognized and are presented as contract liabilities on the consolidated
balance sheets (see Note 7). 

A
contract asset is recognized for incremental costs to obtain a customer contract that are recoverable, otherwise such incremental costs
are expensed as incurred. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue represents the cost of the artificial intelligence and machine learning focused technology products and related services sold
during the periods presented. 

F- 13 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
3: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Share-Based
Compensation 

The
Company computes share based payments in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation
 and related interpretations. As such, compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at the fair value of the share-based payments.
Such compensation amounts, if any, are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the grants. 

Restricted
stock awards are granted at the discretion of the compensation committee of the board of directors of the Company (the Board of
Directors ). These awards are restricted as to the transfer of ownership and generally vest over the requisite service periods
(vesting on a straight line basis). The fair value of a stock award is equal to the fair market value of a share of the Company s
common stock on the grant date. 

The
Company estimates the fair value of stock options and warrants by using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The Black Scholes
option valuation model requires the development of assumptions that are inputs into the model. These assumptions are the expected stock
volatility, the risk free interest rate, the expected life of the option, the dividend yield on the underlying stock and the expected
forfeiture rate. Expected volatility is calculated based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock over the expected
term of the option. Risk free interest rates are calculated based on continuously compounded risk free rates for the appropriate
term. 

Determining
the appropriate fair value model and calculating the fair value of equity based payment awards requires the input of the subjective
assumptions described above. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of equity based payment awards represent management s
best estimates, which involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. The Company is required to estimate
the expected forfeiture rate and recognize expense only for those shares expected to vest. 

The
Company accounts for share based payments granted to non employees in accordance with ASC 505 50, Equity Based
Payments to Non Employees. The Company determines the fair value of the stock based payment as either the fair value
of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more readily determinable. If the fair
value of the equity instruments issued is used, it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier
of either (1) the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached, or (2) the
date at which the counterparty s performance is complete. 

Derivative
Instruments 

The
Company enters into financing arrangements that consist of freestanding derivative instruments or are hybrid instruments that contain
embedded derivative features. The Company accounts for these arrangements in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities as well as related interpretations of this standard. In accordance with this standard, derivative
instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet and are measured at fair values with gains or losses
recognized in earnings. Embedded derivatives that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract are bifurcated and are recognized
at fair value with changes in fair value recognized as either a gain or loss in earnings. The Company determines the fair value of derivative
instruments and hybrid instruments based on available market data using appropriate valuation models, considering all of the rights and
obligations of each instrument. 

F- 14 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
3: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

The
Company estimates fair values of derivative financial instruments using various techniques (and combinations thereof) that are considered
consistent with the objective measuring fair values. In selecting the appropriate technique, the Company considers, among other factors,
the nature of the instrument, the market risks that it embodies and the expected means of settlement. Estimating fair values of derivative
financial instruments requires the development of significant and subjective estimates that may, and are likely to, change over the duration
of the instrument with related changes in internal and external market factors. In addition, option-based techniques (such as Black-Scholes
model) are highly volatile and sensitive to changes in the trading market price of the Company s common stock. Since derivative
financial instruments are initially and subsequently carried at fair values, our income (expense) going forward will reflect the volatility
in these estimates and assumption changes. 

Convertible
Debt Instruments 

The
Company records debt net of debt discount for beneficial conversion features and warrants, on a relative fair value basis. Beneficial
conversion features are recorded pursuant to the Beneficial Conversion and Debt Topics of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC. The amounts allocated to warrants and beneficial conversion rights are recorded as debt discount and as additional paid-in-capital.
Debt discount is amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt using the effective interest method. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with Accounting for Income Taxes, as clarified by ASC 740-10, Accounting for Uncertainty
in Income Taxes ASC 740 ). Under this method, deferred income taxes are determined based on the estimated future tax
effects of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and net operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards given the provisions of enacted tax laws. Deferred income tax provisions and benefits are based on changes to the assets
or liabilities from year to year. In providing for deferred taxes, the Company considers tax regulations of the jurisdictions in which
the Company operates, estimates of future taxable income, and available tax planning strategies. If tax regulations, operating results
or the ability to implement tax planning strategies vary, adjustments to the carrying value of deferred tax assets and liabilities may
be required. Valuation allowances are recorded related to deferred tax assets based on the more likely than not criteria
of ASC 740. At June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. 

ASC
740 requires that the Company recognize the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax
authority would more likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not 
threshold, the amount recognized in the consolidated financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood
of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. The Company s tax returns for its June 30, 2021, 2020,
2019, and 2018 tax years may be selected for examination by the taxing authorities as the statute of limitations remains open. 

The
Company recognizes expenses for tax penalties and interest assessed by the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities upon
receiving valid notice of assessments. The Company has received no such notices for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Earnings
Per Share 

In
accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings per Share, basic earnings per share EPS is computed by
dividing earnings available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
Other potentially dilutive common shares, and the related impact to earnings, are considered when calculating EPS on a diluted basis. 

F- 15 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
3: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

In
computing diluted EPS, only potential common shares that are dilutive, those that reduce EPS or increase loss per share, are included.
The effect of contingently issuable shares are not included if the result would be anti-dilutive, such as when a net loss is reported.
For the year ended June 30, 2021, as we incurred net income for the period, no dilutive shares related to the assumed conversion of the
Company s convertible promissory notes or assumed exercise of the Company s outstanding warrants were included in the diluted
EPS calculation, as the conversion prices of the convertible promissory notes and the exercise prices of the outstanding warrants were
less than the average market price of the Company s common stock for the year ended June 30, 2021. At June 30, 2021, there were
outstanding warrants to purchase up to 25,718,971 shares of the Company s common stock, notes payable with convertible features
that if converted, would total 25,972,553 shares of the Company s common stock, and 281,734 shares of the Company s common
stock to be issued pursuant to vendor services provided to the Company. At June 30, 2020, there were outstanding warrants to purchase
up to 37,390,452 shares of the Company s common stock, notes payable with convertible features that if converted, would total 2,529,007
shares of the Company s common stock, 2,666,666 shares of the Company s common stock to be issued in conjunction with the
CloseComms acquisition, and 115,817 restricted shares of the Company s common stock to be issued upon vesting pursuant to the terms
of an employment agreement with its Chief Financial Officer. 

Modification/Extinguishment
of Debt 

In
accordance with ASC 470, a modification or an exchange of debt instruments that adds or eliminates a conversion option that was substantive
at the date of the modification or exchange is considered a substantive change and is measured and accounted for as extinguishment of
the original instrument along with the recognition of a gain or loss. Additionally, under ASC 470, a substantive modification of a debt
instrument is deemed to have been accomplished with debt instruments that are substantially different if the present value of the cash
flows under the terms of the new debt instrument is at least 10 percent different from the present value of the remaining cash flows
under the terms of the original instrument. A substantive modification is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original instrument
along with the recognition of a gain or loss. 

Recently
Adopted Accounting Standards 

Effective
July 1, 2020, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820):
Disclosure Framework Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement. The standard modifies the disclosure
requirements on fair value measurements in Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement, based on the concepts in the Concept Statement, including
the consideration of costs and benefits. The Company determined the adoption of ASU 2018-13 did not have a material impact on its consolidated
financial statements. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted 

During
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, to modify and simplify the application of U.S. GAAP for certain financial instruments with
characteristics of liabilities and equity. The standard is effective for the Company as of July 1, 2024, with early adoption permitted.
The Company is reviewing the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material impact
on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

F- 16 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
4: PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

At
June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company s property and equipment consist of the following: 

June
 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Computer
 equipment 
 142,343 
 135,360 
 
 Research
 and development equipment 
 48,383 
 48,383 
 
 Furniture
 and fixtures 
 52,743 
 52,025 
 
 Property
 and equipment, at cost 
 243,469 
 235,768 
 
 Less:
 accumulated depreciation 
 (226,951 
 (203,099 
 
 Property
 and equipment, net 
 16,518 
 32,669 

The
Company recorded 23,852 and 6,020 of depreciation expense for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There was no property
and equipment impairments recorded for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

NOTE
5: OTHER ACQUISITIONS 

On
May 11, 2020, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement to acquire all assets owned, used or held in connection with the business,
other than excluded assets and assumed certain liabilities of CloseComms Limited CloseComms ), in exchange for 2,666,666
shares of the Company s restricted common stock valued at 955,466. The most substantial acquired asset was a patented, software
application platform that can be integrated into a retail customer s existing Wi-Fi infrastructure, giving the retailer important
customer data and enabling AI-enhanced, targeted promotions to drive store traffic and sales. Other acquired assets included cash and
computer and office equipment, while assumed liabilities included certain compensation related liabilities attributed to engaging the
operational team on a consulting basis for a minimum of one (1) year. At June 30, 2021, the CloseComms technology platform has not been
placed in service, but is expected to be during fiscal year 2022. 

Pursuant
to ASU 2017-01 and ASC 805, the Company analyzed the operations of CloseComms and the related agreements to determine if the Company
acquired a business or acquired assets. The gross assets include the intellectual property (the patented, software application platform
- determined to be a single intangible asset), cash, and computer and office equipment. The Company concluded that substantially all
of the fair values of the gross assets acquired is not concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. 

The
Company considered the criteria in 805-10-55 to determine whether the set includes both inputs and a substantive process that together
significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The Company determined the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is not
a business because: 1) the Company did not acquire a workforce that is critical to generating outputs as the CloseComms workforce was
not acquired, and 2) there were no acquired critical processes, including any critical processes to generate revenue. Accordingly, the
transaction was not considered a business. 

The
relative fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, were based on management s estimates of the fair values on
May 11, 2020. The following table summarizes the consideration paid and based upon the purchase price allocation, the estimated relative
fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date: 

Consideration 

2,666,666
 shares of mPhase Technologies, Inc. common stock to be issued valued at 0.3583 per share 
 955,466 
 
 Fair
 value of total consideration transferred 
 955,466 

Recognized
 amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Cash 
 70,000 
 
 Property
 and equipment 
 35,956 
 
 Intangible
 asset purchased software 
 954,918 
 
 Accounts
 payable 
 (2,667 
 
 Other
 current liabilities 
 (102,741 
 
 Total
 acquired net assets 
 955,466 

All
assets have been recorded at fair value for both book and tax purposes, and therefore no deferred taxes have been recorded. 

F- 17 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
6: INTANGIBLE ASSET PURCHASED SOFTWARE, NET 

Intangible
asset Purchased Software, net, is comprised of the following at: 

June
 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Purchased
 software 
 3,905,228 
 3,759,021 
 
 Less:
 accumulated amortization 
 (1,826,181 
 (923,904 
 
 Purchased
 software, net 
 2,079,047 
 2,835,117 

Intangible
asset Purchased Software consists of the following three developed software technologies: 

Alpha
 Predictions purchased software 
 899,362 
 
 Travel
 Buddhi purchased software 
 114,785 
 
 CloseComms
 purchased software 
 1,064,900 
 
 Total
 purchased software 
 2,079,047 

The
Alpha Predictions and Travel Buddhi developed software were acquired during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019. The CloseComms developed
software was acquired as further described in Note 5. At June 30, 2021, the Travel Buddhi and CloseComms technology platforms have not
been placed in service, but are expected to be during fiscal year 2022. 

Developed
software costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over three years. Amortization of developed software costs is included in depreciation
and amortization within the consolidated statements of operations. 

The
Company recorded 902,277 and 923,904 of amortization expense for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Future
amortization expense related to the existing net carrying amount of developed software at June 30, 2021 is expected to be as follows: 

Fiscal
 year 2022 
 932,239 
 
 Fiscal
 year 2023 
 605,370 
 
 Fiscal
 year 2024 
 425,498 
 
 Fiscal
 year 2025 
 115,490 

2,079,047 

F- 18 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
7: REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS 

The
following table presents our revenue disaggregated by category and primary geographic regions within our single reporting segment: 

For the Year Ended 

June 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Categories: 

Subscription 
 24,720,000 
 24,720,000 
 
 Service and support 
 3,656,274 
 3,515,438 
 
 Application development and implementation 
 2,296,040 
 2,040,984 
 
 Total revenue 
 30,672,314 
 30,276,422 

Primary Geographic Regions: 

India 
 100 
 100 

100 
 100 

The
following table presents our long-lived assets by primary geographic regions within our single reporting segment: 

For
 the Year Ended 

June
 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 India 
 1,022,030 
 1,901,040 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 1,080,849 
 982,052 
 
 Total
 long-lived assets 
 2,102,879 
 2,883,092 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company was subject to revenue concentration risk as one customer accounted for approximately
100 and 100 of its total revenue, respectively. 

Subscription
and Application Development and Implementation Revenue 

The
Company recognizes revenue when, or as, it satisfies a performance obligation to a customer. The Company primarily has one performance
obligation, which includes the combined promise to develop, implement, and license customized software. Payment terms for the software
include one-time application development and implementation fees, which are generally billed on a time-and-materials basis over the development
and implementation period, plus fixed license subscription fees, which may either be billed in full upfront or in monthly installments
over the license period, which is generally three years. All of these fees are allocated to the single performance obligation of providing
software to the customer. 

F- 19 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
7: REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (continued) 

The
performance obligation is fully satisfied at the point in time when the customer has taken control of the completed software, which is
when physical possession of the software has transferred to the customer, the customer is able to use and benefit from the software,
and the contractual license period has begun. Since the Company has no further obligation to the customer once control of the software
has transferred, the Company recognizes revenue in full for all of the development and implementation fees at that point in time. Subscription
fees are also recognized when control of the software has transferred to the customer but only to the extent such fees are contractually
guaranteed to the Company. Any future monthly subscription fees that the Company would not have a contractually guaranteed right to collect
in the event of early termination of the contract are instead recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the license period. 

Service
and Support Revenue 

Certain
contracts also contain a second performance obligation for service and support. This performance obligation includes the promise to provide
future updates, upgrades, and enhancements to the software over the license period, if and when they occur. Service and support fees
are fixed as a percentage of total contract value and billed in monthly installments over the license period. The Company recognizes
service and support fee revenue over time, on a straight-line basis over the license period, as the customer receives such services on
a generally uniform basis throughout the license period. 

Allocation
of the Transaction Price 

Prices
allocated to each performance obligation generally correspond with the contractually stated prices, since they equal standalone selling
price. In some cases, services may be discounted, which requires the company to allocate the transaction price based on relative standalone
selling price. The Company estimates standalone selling price based on comparable industry practices and the costs and margins involved
in providing services to its customers. 

Contract
Liabilities 

Contract
liabilities include amounts billed to the customer in excess of revenue recognized and are presented as contract liabilities on the consolidated
balance sheets. At June 30, 2021 and 2020 contract liabilities totaled 350,689 and 219,652, respectively. 

The
following table presents a reconciliation of the contract liabilities from June 30, 2020 to June 30, 2021: 

June
 30, 2020 
 219,652 
 
 Contract
 liability deferral 
 306,955 
 
 Amortization
 of contract liability to revenue 
 (175,918 
 
 June
 30, 2021 
 350,689 

Practical
Expedient 

The
Company has elected a practical expedient to omit certain disclosures about the transaction price allocated to remaining performance
obligations for contracts with terms of one year or less. 

NOTE
8: ACCRUED EXPENSES 

Accrued
expenses is comprised of the following at: 

June
 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Accrued
 interest 
 205,741 
 118,161 
 
 Accrued
 wages 
 214,683 
 485,647 
 
 Other
 expenses 
 947,943 
 520,034 
 
 Total
 accrued expenses 
 1,368,367 
 1,123,842 

F- 20 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
9: NOTES PAYABLE 

Notes
payable is comprised of the following: 

June
 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Note
 payable, SBA Paycheck Protection Program [1] 
 33,680 
 33,388 
 
 Note
 payable, SBA Economic Injury Disaster Loan [2] 
 160,393 
 154,540 
 
 Note
 payable, Accredited Investor [3] 
 276,035 
 - 
 
 Note
 payable, John Fife (dba St. George Investors)/Judgment Settlement Agreement [4] 
 - 
 771,702 
 
 Total
 notes payable 
 470,108 
 959,630 
 
 Less:
 current portion of notes payable 
 (146,890 
 (792,171 
 
 Long-term
 portion of notes payable 
 323,218 
 167,459 

[1]
 effective April 28, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note with an approved lender in the principal amount of 33,333.
The note was approved under the provisions of the Coronavirus, Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and
the terms of the Paycheck Protection Program of the U.S. Small Business Administration s 7(a) Loan Program. The note accrues interest
for the first six months following the issuance date at a rate of 1 per annum, (increasing to 6 per annum upon the occurrence of an
Event of Default (as defined in the note)), and beginning November 28, 2020, requires 18 monthly payments of 1,876 each, consisting
of principal and interest until paid in full on April 28, 2022. Subsequent to issuance, the first payment due date was extended. The
note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to the maturity date with no prepayment penalties. Additionally, any portion of
the note up to the entire principal and accrued interest balance may be forgiven in the event the Company satisfies certain requirements
as determined by the CARES Act. The Company has applied for forgiveness and expects to satisfy the requirements for forgiveness of the
entire principal and accrued interest balance. The Company is awaiting receipt of approval of its requested forgiveness from the SBA
through its treasury partner. At June 30, 2021, 33,680 was recorded as a current liability within notes payable with the consolidated
balance sheets. 

[2]
 effective May 28, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note and security agreement with the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA in the principal amount of 150,000. The note was approved under the provisions of the Coronavirus, Aid, Relief and
Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and the terms of the COVID-19 Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL program of the U.S. Small Business Administration s EIDL Program. The note accrues interest at a rate of 3.75 per annum, and beginning
May 28, 2021, requires monthly payments of 731 each, consisting of principal and interest until paid in full on May 28, 2050. Subsequent
to issuance, the SBA extended the first payment due date to 24 months from the date of the note. The note may be prepaid by the Company
at any time prior to the maturity date with no prepayment penalties. Additionally, this promissory note is collateralized by certain
of the Company s property as specified within the security agreement. Furthermore, on June 4, 2020, the Company received 4,000
from the SBA, which it is currently working to obtain details from the SBA regarding this amount. As such, at June 30, 2020, the Company
recorded this amount as a current liability. At June 30, 2021, 13,503 was recorded as a current liability within notes payable and 146,890
was recorded as a long-term liability within notes payable, net of current portion with the consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 21 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
9: NOTES PAYABLE (continued) 

[3]
 effective February 8, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor and issued an 12 
promissory note in the principal amount of 362,250 (including a 47,250 original issue discount) to the accredited investor with a maturity
date of February 8, 2022. Twelve months of interest is immediately earned by the accredited investor upon the Company receiving proceeds
and is included in the required monthly repayments. On February 10, 2021, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 288,000
as a result of 27,000 being paid for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible
promissory note. In accordance with the securities purchase agreement, the Company issued 1) 250,000 restricted shares of its common
stock Commitment Shares to the accredited investor as additional consideration for the purchase of the promissory note
and 2) 200,000 restricted shares of its common stock Returnable Shares to the accredited investor which will be returned
to the Company upon timely completion of the required repayment schedule. Repayments of the promissory note shall be made in eight (8)
installments each in the amount of 50,715, which commenced July 8, 2021 and continues thereafter each thirty (30) days until February
8, 2022. This promissory note is only convertible upon an event of default as defined in the promissory note. The original issue discount,
deferred financing costs and issuance date fair value of the Commitment Shares are being amortized over the term of the note. The aggregate
balance of the promissory note and accrued interest was 362,250 and 43,470, respectively, at June 30, 2021. The aggregate balance of
the promissory note, net of original issue discount, deferred financing costs and issuance date fair value of the Commitment Shares at
June 30, 2021 was 276,035. 

[4]
 effective December 10, 2018, the Company entered into a Judgment Settlement Agreement to satisfy in full the Forbearance
Agreement with Fife that was previously in effect. As a result, under the Judgment Settlement Agreement, no shares of the Company s
common stock are issuable or eligible to be converted into. Under the terms of the Judgment Settlement Agreement, the Company was required
to pay 15,000 per month from January 15, 2019 through and including February 15, 2020, with a final payment of 195,000 which was due
and payable in March of 2020. The Company made all required payments with the exception of the final payment of 195,000 which was due
and payable in March of 2020. On August 17, 2020, the Company entered into a second amendment (the Second Amendment to
the Judgement Settlement Agreement, whereby the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 300,000 (the
 Note to repay the amounts still outstanding under the Judgment Settlement Agreement. The Note matures on August 17, 2021,
bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum, requires certain monthly minimum cash payments as specified in the Note, and is convertible
into shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a conversion price as specified in the Note. The Note
may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to maturity without penalty. The Company satisfied the initial cash payment as specified
in the Note. On April 13, 2021, the Company entered into a third amendment (the Third Amendment to the Judgement Settlement
Agreement, whereby the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 300,000 (the New Note to replace the Note and repay the amounts still outstanding under the Judgment Settlement Agreement. The Note matures on April 13, 2022,
bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum, requires certain monthly minimum payments in cash or the Company s common stock as specified
in the New Note, and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a conversion price
as specified in the New Note. The New Note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to maturity without penalty. On April 16,
2021, the Company paid 235,000 to satisfy, pay in full, and extinguish the New Note and the Judgement Settlement Agreement, which resulted
in a gain on debt settlement of 549,026 during the year ended June 30, 2021. 

F- 22 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
10: Convertible Debt Arrangements 

JMJ
Financial 

At
June 30, 2021 and 2020, the amount recorded in current liabilities for the one convertible note and accrued interest thereon due to JMJ
Financial was 226,704 and 209,330, respectively. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 the Company recorded 17,374
and 16,043, respectively of interest for the outstanding convertible note. 

At
June 30, 2021 and 2020, the aggregate remaining amount of convertible securities held by JMJ could be converted into 11,335 and 10,466
shares, respectively, with a conversion price of 20. 

Accredited
Investors 

On
July 24, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender 1 and issued
an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 105,000 (including a 5,000 original issue discount) to the Lender 1 with
a maturity date of July 24, 2021. On July 27, 2020, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 95,000 as a result of 5,000
being paid to reimburse the Lender 1 for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and
convertible promissory note. This convertible debenture converts at 60 of the lowest closing price during the 20 days prior to conversion.
Due to the variable conversion provisions contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature
as a derivative liability. In connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 175,000, original issue discount of
 5,000, deferred financing costs of 5,000 and debt discount of 95,000. The original issue discount, deferred financing costs and debt
discount were being amortized over the term of the note. During January 2021, the Company paid-off the aggregate balance of the convertible
promissory note, including accrued interest and prepayment amount. 

On
July 31, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender 2 and issued
an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 68,000 to the Lender 2 with a maturity date of July 31, 2021. On August
6, 2020, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 65,000 as a result of 3,000 being paid to reimburse the Lender 2 for legal
and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible promissory note. This convertible
debenture converts at 62 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the variable conversion provisions
contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature as a derivative liability. In connection
herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 102,228, deferred financing costs of 3,000 and debt discount of 65,000. The
deferred financing costs and debt discount were being amortized over the term of the note. During January 2021, the Company paid-off
the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, including accrued interest and prepayment amount. 

On
August 19, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender 3 and issued
an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 99,225 (including a 4,725 original issue discount) to the Lender 3 with
a maturity date of August 19, 2021. On August 20, 2020, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 90,000 as a result of 4,500
being paid to reimburse the Lender 3 for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and
convertible promissory note. This convertible debenture converts at 60 of the lowest closing price during the 20 days prior to conversion.
Due to the variable conversion provisions contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature
as a derivative liability. In connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 161,856, original issue discount of
 4,725, deferred financing costs of 4,500 and debt discount of 86,400. The original issue discount, deferred financing costs and debt
discount were being amortized over the term of the note. On February 17, 2021, the Company entered into a settlement agreement (the Settlement
Agreement with Lender 3 whereby the variable conversion provision within the convertible promissory note was amended and replaced
with a fixed conversion price of 0.10 per share. On February 19, 2021, the aggregate outstanding principal and accrued interest of 103,292
was converted into an aggregate of 1,032,918 shares of the Company s common stock, fully satisfying this obligation. The Company
recorded an aggregate loss on extinguishment of debt of 121,659 as a result of the Company issuing shares of its common stock to satisfy
this obligation. 

F- 23 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
10: Convertible Debt Arrangements continued) 

On
August 20, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender 4 and issued
an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 63,000 to the Lender 4 with a maturity date of August 20, 2021. On August
21, 2020, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 60,000 as a result of 3,000 being paid to reimburse the Lender 4 for legal
and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible promissory note. This convertible
debenture converts at 62 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the variable conversion provisions
contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature as a derivative liability. In connection
herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 101,996, deferred financing costs of 3,000 and debt discount of 60,000. The
deferred financing costs and debt discount were being amortized over the term of the note. During February 2021, the Company paid-off
the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, including accrued interest and prepayment amount. 

On
August 27, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender 5 and issued
an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 105,000 (including a 5,000 original issue discount) to the Lender 5 with
a maturity date of August 27, 2021. On August 28, 2020, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 96,000 as a result of 4,000
being paid to reimburse the Lender 5 for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and
convertible promissory note. This convertible debenture converts at the lower of i) 0.03 per share or ii) 62 of the lowest closing
price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the variable conversion provisions contained in the convertible promissory note,
the Company accounted for this conversion feature as a derivative liability. In connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative
liability of 176,129, original issue discount of 5,000, deferred financing costs of 4,000 and debt discount of 92,200. The original
issue discount, deferred financing costs and debt discount were being amortized over the term of the note. During February 2021, the
Company paid-off the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, including accrued interest and prepayment amount. 

On
August 31, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender 6 and issued
an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 68,000 to the Lender 6 with a maturity date of August 31, 2021. On September
1, 2020, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 65,000 as a result of 3,000 being paid to reimburse the Lender 6 for legal
and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible promissory note. This convertible
debenture converts at 62 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the variable conversion provisions
contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature as a derivative liability. In connection
herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 112,459, deferred financing costs of 3,000 and debt discount of 65,000. The
deferred financing costs and debt discount were being amortized over the term of the note. During February 2021, the Company paid-off
the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, including accrued interest and prepayment amount. 

On
January 25, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender 7 and issued
an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 140,000 (including a 14,000 original issue discount) to the Lender 7 with
a maturity date of January 25, 2022. On January 26, 2021, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 120,000 as a result of
 6,000 being paid to reimburse the Lender 7 for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement
and convertible promissory note. This convertible debenture converts at 60 of the lowest closing price during the 15 days prior to conversion.
Due to the variable conversion provisions contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature
as a derivative liability. In connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 656,325, original issue discount of
 14,000, deferred financing costs of 10,800 and debt discount of 115,200. The original issue discount, deferred financing costs and
debt discount were being amortized over the term of the note. During May 2021, the Company paid-off the aggregate balance of the convertible
promissory note, including accrued interest and prepayment amount. 

F- 24 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
10: Convertible Debt Arrangements continued) 

On
January 26, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender 8 and issued
an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 118,500 to the Lender 8 with a maturity date of January 26, 2022. On January
27, 2021, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 115,000 as a result of 3,500 being paid to reimburse the Lender 8 for
legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible promissory note. This convertible
debenture converts at 62 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the variable conversion provisions
contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature as a derivative liability. In connection
herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 568,609, deferred financing costs of 3,500 and debt discount of 115,000.
The deferred financing costs and debt discount were being amortized over the term of the note. During April 2021, the Company paid-off
the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, including accrued interest and prepayment amount. 

On
February 10, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender 9 and
issued an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 88,500 to the Lender 9 with a maturity date of February 10, 2022.
On February 11, 2021, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 85,000 as a result of 3,500 being paid to reimburse the Lender
9 for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible promissory note. This
convertible debenture converts at 62 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the variable conversion
provisions contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature as a derivative liability.
In connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 573,537, deferred financing costs of 3,500 and debt discount
of 85,000. The deferred financing costs and debt discount were being amortized over the term of the note. During April 2021, the Company
paid-off the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, including accrued interest and prepayment amount. 

On
February 18, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor Lender 10 and
issued an 8 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 78,500 to the Lender 10 with a maturity date of February 18, 2022.
On February 22, 2021, the Company received net proceeds in the amount of 75,000 as a result of 3,500 being paid to reimburse the Lender
10 for legal and due diligence fees incurred with respect to this securities purchase agreement and convertible promissory note. This
convertible debenture converts at 62 of the lowest trading price during the 20 days prior to conversion. Due to the variable conversion
provisions contained in the convertible promissory note, the Company accounted for this conversion feature as a derivative liability.
In connection herewith, the Company recorded a derivative liability of 466,569, deferred financing costs of 3,500 and debt discount
of 75,000. The deferred financing costs and debt discount were being amortized over the term of the note. During April 2021, the Company
paid-off the aggregate balance of the convertible promissory note, including accrued interest and prepayment amount. 

F- 25 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
10: Convertible Debt Arrangements continued) 

Evergreen
Agreement 

On
April 6, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement Agreement with Evergreen Capital Management LLC
(the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company sold to the Investor an aggregate of up to 2,040,000 in aggregate subscription
amount of notes and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 11,730,000 shares of common stock in two (2) tranches (each a Tranche ),
with the first Tranche of 1,540,000 in subscription amount of notes (to purchase an aggregate of 1,771,000 in principal amount of notes)
and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 8,855,000 shares of Common Stock being closed on upon execution of this Agreement. The closing
for the second Tranche of 500,000 in subscription amount of notes (to purchase an aggregate of 575,000 in principal amount of notes)
and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,875,000 shares of common stock will occur within three (3) business days after the later of
(i) the filing by the Company of a Registration Statement on Form S-1 for the sale of common stock that will be listed on a national
securities exchange, or (ii) the thirtieth (30th) day following the closing of the first Tranche. The first and second Tranches closed
and funded on April 6, 2021 and May 3, 2021, respectively. 

The
Notes mature on April 6, 2022 and May 3, 2022, bears interest at the rate of 5 per annum and is convertible at any time upon the option
of the Investor into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to 0.20 per share or, upon the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default (as defined in the Note), if lower, at a conversion price equal to 75 of the lowest daily VWAP of the Common
Stock during the 20 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion date. The Company has the right to prepay
all or any portion of the outstanding balance of the Note in an amount equal to 115 or 120 , depending on whether such repayment is
made before November 5, 2021 or after November 5, 2021, respectively, multiplied by the portion of the outstanding balance to be prepaid.
The Company is required to prepay all or any portion of the outstanding balance of the Note upon the occurrence of a Qualified Financing
(as defined in the Note). If at any time while the Note is outstanding, the Company completes any single Future Transaction (as defined
in the Note), the Investor may, in its sole discretion, elect to apply all, or any portion, of the then outstanding principal amount
of this Note and any accrued but unpaid interest, as purchase consideration for such Future Transaction. 

The
Warrants are exercisable at a purchase price of 0.20 per share at any time on or prior to April 6, 2025 and May 3, 2025, and may be
exercised on a cashless basis, beginning on the six-month anniversary of the Effective Date, if the shares of Common Stock underlying
the Warrants are not then registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Investor will
not have the right to exercise the Warrants if the Investor, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 
of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to its conversion and under no circumstances
may exercise the Warrants if the Investor, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 of the number of shares
of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to its exercise. 

The
SPA contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations
of the Company, other obligations of the parties thereto, and termination provisions. 

In
connection herewith, the Company recorded an original issue discount of 306,000 and deferred financing costs of 42,500. The original
issue discount and deferred financing costs are being amortized over the term of the note. At June 30, 2021, the aggregate balance of
the convertible promissory note and accrued interest was 2,346,000 and 25,596, respectively. At June 30, 2021, the aggregate balance
of the convertible promissory note, net of original issue discount and deferred financing costs was 2,073,992. 

F- 26 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
10: Convertible Debt Arrangements continued) 

Investors 
Agreement 

On
May 4, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with two accredited investors (the Investors ),
pursuant to which the Company sold to the Investors an aggregate of up to 2,550,000 in Aggregate Subscription Amount of Notes and Warrants
to acquire an aggregate of 15,000,000 shares of common stock in two tranches (each a Tranche ), with the first Tranche of
 1,924,999 in subscription Amount of Notes (to sell an aggregate of 2,264,706 in principal amount of Notes) and Warrants to acquire
an aggregate of 11,323,529, shares of common stock being closed on upon execution of the SPA. The closing for the second tranche for
 625,001 in Subscription Amount Notes (to sell an aggregate of 735,294 in principal amount of Notes) and Warrants to acquire an aggregate
of 3,676,471 shares of common stock will occur within three (3) business days after the later of (i) the filing of a Registration Statement
on Form S-1 for the sale of common stock that will be listed on a national securities exchange or (ii) the thirtieth (30th) day following
the closing of the first Tranche. The first and second Tranches closed and funded on May 3, 2021
and June 30, 2021, respectively. 

The
Notes mature on May 4, 2022 and June 30, 2022, bear interest at the rate of 5 per annum and are convertible at any time upon the option
of the Investors into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to 0.20 per share. The Company has the right to prepay all
or any portion of the outstanding balance of the Notes in an amount equal to 115 or 120 , depending on whether such repayment is made
before November 5, 2021 or after November 5, 2021, respectively, multiplied by the portion of the outstanding balance to be prepaid. 

The
Warrants are exercisable at a purchase price of 0.20 per share at any time on or prior to May 4, 2025 and June 30, 2025, and may be
exercised on a cashless basis, beginning on the six-month anniversary of the Effective Date, if the shares of Common Stock underlying
the Warrants are not then registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 

The
SPA contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations
of the Company, other obligations of the parties thereto, and termination provisions. 

In
connection herewith, the Company recorded an original issue discount of 419,664 and deferred financing costs of 10,000. The original
issue discount and deferred financing costs are being amortized over the term of the note. At June 30, 2021, the aggregate balance of
the convertible promissory note and accrued interest was 2,797,795 and 18,377, respectively. At June 30, 2021, the aggregate balance
of the convertible promissory note, net of original issue discount and deferred financing costs was 2,424,877. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company paid-off a total of 12 outstanding convertible promissory notes with an aggregate balance,
including accrued interest and prepayment amount of 1,542,270. 

At
June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, there was 5,143,795 and 565,000 of convertible notes payable outstanding, net of discounts of 3,157,759
and 375,359, respectively. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, amortization of original issue discount, deferred financing costs, and debt discounts amounted
to 2,032,516 and 899,491, respectively. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, 1,596,888 and 477,763, respectively, of convertible notes, including fees and interest, were
converted into 20,716,750 and 5,872,362, respectively, shares of the Company s common stock. 

At
June 30, 2021, the Company was in compliance with the terms of the Accredited Investors convertible promissory notes. 

F- 27 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
10: Convertible Debt Arrangements continued) 

Notes
payable under convertible debt and debenture agreements, net is comprised of the following: 

June
 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 JMJ
 Financial 
 109,000 
 109,000 
 
 Accredited
 Investors 
 5,148,795 
 565,000 
 
 Unamortized
 OID, deferred financings costs, and debt discounts 
 (3,157,759 
 (375,359 
 
 Total
 convertible debt arrangements, net 
 2,100,036 
 298,641 

At
June 30, 2021 and 2020, the outstanding balances are reflected as current liabilities within our consolidated balance sheets. At June
30, 2021 and 2020, accrued interest on these convertible notes of 162,271 and 116,619, respectively, is included within accrued expenses
of the consolidated balance sheets. 

NOTE
11: DERIVATIVE LIABILITY 

The
Company evaluates its convertible instruments, options, warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components
of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for under ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. 
The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date and recorded
as a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair value is recorded in the statement of
operation as other income (expense). Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value at
the conversion date then that fair value is reclassified to equity. Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become
subject to reclassification under ASC Topic 815 are reclassified to liabilities at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification
date. 

The
following table presents a reconciliation of the derivative liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable
inputs (Level 3) from June 30, 2019 to June 30, 2021: 

Conversion 
 feature derivative liability 
 
 June
 30, 2019 
 133,669 
 
 Initial
 fair value of derivative liability recorded as debt discount 
 1,115,000 
 
 Initial
 fair value of derivative liability charged to other expense 
 1,610,913 
 
 Gain
 on change in fair value included in earnings 
 (1,961,951 
 
 June
 30, 2020 
 897,631 
 
 Initial
 fair value of derivative liability recorded as debt discount 
 853,800 
 
 Initial
 fair value of derivative liability charged to other expense 
 2,240,908 
 
 Gain
 on change in fair value included in earnings 
 (3,267,323 
 
 Derivative
 liability relieved by conversions of convertible promissory notes 
 (725,016 
 
 June
 30, 2021 
 - 

Total
derivative liability at June 30, 2021 and 2020 amounted to 0 and 897,631, respectively. The change in fair value included in earnings
of 3,267,323 is due in part to the quoted market price of the Company s common stock increasing from 0.08 at June 30, 2020 to
 0.43 at June 30, 2021, coupled with substantially reduced conversion prices due to the effect of ratchet provisions incorporated
within the convertible notes payable. 

F- 28 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
11: DERIVATIVE LIABILITY (continued) 

At
June 30, 2021, there were no outstanding convertible notes payable with conversion prices inclusive of ratchet provisions
requiring the use of a binomial pricing model with binomial simulations. 

The
Company recognizes its derivative liabilities as Level 3 and values its derivatives using the methods discussed below. While the Company
believes that its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, it recognizes that the use of different
methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair
value at the reporting date. The primary assumptions that would significantly affect the fair values using the methods discussed are
that of volatility and market price of the underlying common stock of the Company. 

At
June 30, 2021, the Company did not have any derivative instruments that were designated as hedges. 

Items
recorded or measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the accompanying consolidated financial statements consisted of the following
items as of June 30, 2021 and 2020: 

Quoted
 Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets 
 (Level 1) 

Significant
 Other Observable Inputs 
 (Level
 2) 

Significant
 Unobservable Inputs 
 (Level
 3) 

Derivative
 liability, June 30, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

Quoted
 Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets 
 (Level
 1) 

Significant
 Other Observable Inputs 
 (Level
 2) 

Significant
 Unobservable 
 Inputs 
 (Level
 3) 

Derivative
 liability, June 30, 2020 

- 

- 

897,631 

NOTE
12: STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

At
June 30, 2021, the total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Company shall have the authority to issue is 500,001,000 shares
consisting of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, of which 78,612,608 shares are issued, 78,584,238 shares
are outstanding and 281,734 shares are to be issued, and 1,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share of which 1,000 shares
have been designated as Series A Super Voting Preferred, of which 1,000 are issued and outstanding. 

On
August 27, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock
of the Company to 100,000,000 shares from 25,000,000 shares. On September 4, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its
Certificate of Incorporation to increase its authorized common stock from 25,000,000 shares to 100,000,000 shares. 

F- 29 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
12: STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 

On
June 10, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock
of the Company to 250,000,000 shares from 100,000,000 shares. On July 14, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Certificate
of Incorporation to increase its authorized common stock from 100,000,000 shares to 250,000,000 shares. 

On
August 3, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock
of the Company to 500,000,000 shares from 250,000,000 shares. On August 4, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its
Certificate of Incorporation to increase its authorized common stock from 250,000,000 shares to 500,000,000 shares. 

Common
Stock 

Private
Placements 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company did not issue any shares of common stock under any private
placements with accredited investors. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company received 347,000 of net proceeds from the issuance of 1,129,577 shares of common stock in
private placements with accredited investors. During the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued 11,003 shares of common stock valued
at 11,250 for finder s services related to certain of these private placements. 

Stock Based Compensation Common Stock
Grants 

During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company entered into an exchange
agreement (the Exchange Agreement with its Chief Executive Officer, Anshu Bhatnagar Holder ), whereby earned
and issued warrants to purchase 37,390,452 shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Cancelled Warrants pursuant
to the terms of that certain Transition Agreement (the Transition Agreement and Warrant Agreement (the Warrant
Agreement each between the Company and Holder and dated as of January 11, 2019 were forfeited and exchanged for (i) 37,390,452
shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Shares and (ii) the cancellation and termination of the Transition Agreement
and Warrant Agreement. The Cancelled Warrants had an exercise price of 0.50 per share and were not subject to expiration. Such Exchange
Agreement is intended to make the Company s capitalization more attractive to potential investors and to remove the uncertainty
associated with any future grants of warrants under the Transition Agreement and Warrant Agreement, although there can be no assurance
of any future investments on terms that are attractive to the Company, or at all. Immediately prior to the Company s entry into
the Exchange Agreement, it was determined that 5,650,708 additional warrants (the Additional Warrants to purchase the
Company s Common Stock were due to and issued to the Holder in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Transition Agreement
as the Transition Agreement required certain liabilities to be eliminated by the prior management team within six months of the Transition
Agreement s effective date of January 11, 2019. However, the Additional Warrants were immediately cancelled and terminated with
the intention of mitigating potential liabilities arising from certain issuances of the Company s Common Stock below the minimum
price of 0.50 per share as stated within the Transition Agreement. The Shares to be issued and sold to the Holder pursuant to the Exchange
Agreement were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation
D promulgated thereunder. For the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company recorded 153,301 of stock-based compensation expense related
to the Exchange Agreement. See Common Stock Warrants section below for further details of the warrants. 

F- 30 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
12: STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 

Additionally,
during the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company recorded 21,474 of stock-based compensation expense related to a June 1, 2019 grant
of 231,635 shares of common stock to the Company s former Chief Financial Officer, which vested 25 on the six month and 1 year
anniversaries of the grant date. Upon Mr. Cutchens employment ceasing during January 2021, 115,818 unvested shares of common stock
were forfeited resulting in the reversal of 68,003 of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense. 

Furthermore,
during the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company granted 500,000 restricted shares of common stock to its Chief Operating Officer. The
restricted shares of common stock vest 25 on the 1 year, 2 year, 3 year, and 4 year anniversaries of the grant date. At June 30, 2021,
no shares of common stock have vested and 500,000 shares remain unvested. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company recorded 9,733
of stock-based compensation expense. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued 231,635 restricted shares of its common stock to the Company s Chief Financial
Officer, which were granted on June 1, 2019 (the Grant Date ), pursuant to the terms of an employment agreement with the
Company. The restricted shares of common stock vest 25 on the six-month, 1 year, 2 year, and 3 year anniversaries of the Grant Date.
At June 30, 2020, 115,818 shares of common stock vested and 115,817 shares remain unvested. During the years ended June 30, 2020 and
2019, the Company recorded 133,142 and 16,464, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to the vested portion of this
award. 

Vendor
Services 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company entered into various consulting, public relations, and marketing agreements whereby the Company
issued an aggregate of 1,422,127 restricted shares of its common stock and has an aggregate of 281,734 restricted shares of common stock
to be issued, for services to be performed during specified periods of time. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company recorded
 261,067 of expense. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, there were no shares of common stock issued to any vendors for consulting, public relations, or marketing
services. 

F- 31 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
12: STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 

Conversion
of Service Fees 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued 62,000 shares of common stock, valued at 46,500, to a former officer who provided services
to the Company. During the year ended June 30, 2021, there were no shares of common stock issued to any former officer for services provided
to the Company. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued 294,654 shares of common stock to a number of related parties and strategic consultants
in connection with prior services provided to the Company. The shares issued were valued at 219,517. During the year ended June 30,
2021, there were no share of common stock issued to any related parties and strategic consultants for prior services provided to the
Company. 

Conversion
of Debt Securities 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, 472,593 of convertible notes, including fees and interest, were converted into 20,716,750 shares of the
Company s common stock by accredited investors, valued at 1,596,888. During the year ended June 30, 2020, 477,763 of convertible
notes, including fees and interest, were converted into 5,872,362 shares of the Company s common stock by accredited investors,
valued at 1,054,204. 

Cancellation
of Common Stock 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company s Chief Executive Officer cancelled 3,352,066 of his shares of the Company s common
stock to partially offset the number of shares of the Company s common stock issued by the conversion of 472,593 of convertible
notes, including fees and interest, into 20,716,750 shares of the Company s common stock by accredited investors. The fair value
of the cancelled shares of common stock was 496,106. 

Reserved
Shares Common Stock 

At
June 30, 2021, the convertible promissory notes entered into with accredited investors require the Company to reserve approximately 85,000,000
shares of its Common Stock for potential future conversions under such instruments. 

At
June 30, 2021, 7,202 shares of the Company s Common Stock remain subject to be returned to the Company s treasury for cancellation.
Such shares were not sold as part of 8,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock that was advanced during fiscal year 2014 under
an Equity Line of Credit. 

Common
Stock Warrants 

Exchange
Agreement Warrants Exchanged for Common Stock 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement with its Chief Executive Officer, Anshu Bhatnagar Holder ),
whereby earned and issued warrants to purchase 37,390,452 shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Cancelled Warrants pursuant to the terms of that certain Transition Agreement (the Transition Agreement and Warrant Agreement (the Warrant
Agreement each between the Company and Holder and dated as of January 11, 2019 were forfeited and exchanged for (i) 37,390,452
shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Shares and (ii) the cancellation and termination of the Transition Agreement
and Warrant Agreement. The Cancelled Warrants had an exercise price of 0.50 per share and were not subject to expiration. Such Exchange
Agreement is intended to make the Company s capitalization more attractive to potential investors and to remove the uncertainty
associated with any future grants of warrants under the Transition Agreement and Warrant Agreement, although there can be no assurance
of any future investments on terms that are attractive to the Company, or at all. Immediately prior to the Company s entry into
the Exchange Agreement, it was determined that 5,650,708 additional warrants (the Additional Warrants to purchase the
Company s Common Stock were due to and issued to the Holder in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Transition Agreement
as the Transition Agreement required certain liabilities to be eliminated by the prior management team within six months of the Transition
Agreement s effective date of January 11, 2019. However, the Additional Warrants were immediately cancelled and terminated with
the intention of mitigating potential liabilities arising from certain issuances of the Company s Common Stock below the minimum
price of 0.50 per share as stated within the Transition Agreement. The Shares to be issued and sold to the Holder pursuant to the Exchange
Agreement were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation
D promulgated thereunder. For the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company recorded 153,301 of stock-based compensation expense related
to the Exchange Agreement. 

F- 32 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
12: STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 

Warrant
Agreements Convertible Promissory Note Warrants 

Pursuant
to a Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and two accredited investors dated as of April 30, 2021, the Company sold to the
Investors and the Investors acquired an aggregate of 13,988,971 warrants to acquire shares of the Company s common stock. The warrants
expire four years after issuance and have an exercise price of 0.20 per share, subject to adjustment hereunder. The warrants can also
be exercised under a cashless basis as outlined within the Warrant Agreement. For the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company attributed
an aggregate fair value of 1,753,953 to the warrants, based upon an average value of 0.37 per warrant. 

Pursuant
to a Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and Evergreen Capital Management, LLC Investor ), dated as of April
5, 2021, the Company sold to the Investor and the Investor acquired an aggregate of 11,730,000 warrants to acquire shares of the Company s
common stock. The warrants expire four years after issuance and have an exercise price of 0.20 per share, subject to adjustment hereunder.
The warrants can also be exercised under a cashless basis as outlined within the Warrant Agreement. For the year ended June 30, 2021,
the Company attributed an aggregate fair value of 1,293,541 to the warrants, based upon an average value of 0.27 per warrant. 

Warrant
Agreement Earned Warrants 

Mr.
Bhatnagar, the Company s President and CEO, is entitled to receive warrants to acquire 4 of the outstanding fully diluted common
stock of the Company (the Earned Warrants each time the Company s revenue increases by 1,000,000. The exercise
price of the Earned Warrants is equal to 0.50 per share and he may not receive shares whereby Signing Shares and Earned Warrants exceed
80 of the fully diluted common stock of the Company Warrant Cap ). 

Warrant
Agreement Accelerated Warrants 

Mr.
Bhatnagar, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, was entitled to receive warrants to acquire 4 of the outstanding
fully diluted common stock of the Company Earned Warrants each time the Company s revenue increased by 1,000,000.
The exercise price of the Earned Warrants was equal to 0.50 per share, and he may not receive the Earned Warrants to the extent that
the number of Singing Shares (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) and Earned Warrants exceed 80 of the fully diluted common stock of
the Company Warrant Cap ). 

For
the year ended June 30, 2020, since the Company s revenue exceeded 30,000,000, Mr. Bhatnagar earned warrants to acquire 32,405,058
shares of the Company s common stock under the provisions of the Warrant Agreement. At June 30, 2020, as Mr. Bhatnagar has earned
the maximum number of warrants available under the provisions of the Warrant Agreement to acquire 37,390,452 shares of the Company s
common stock, there remains no additional shares of the Company s common stock that Mr. Bhatnagar can earn. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company recognized 16,202,529 of stock-based compensation expense related to the earned warrants,
based upon a value of 0.50 per warrant. At June 30, 2020, there remains no additional stock-based compensation expense related to the
Warrant Agreement that the Company expects to recognize. 

F- 33 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
12: STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 

Fair
Value of Warrants 

The
Company estimates the fair value of each option award on the date of grant using a black-scholes option valuation model that uses the
assumptions noted in the table below. Because black-scholes option valuation models incorporate ranges of assumptions for inputs, those
ranges are disclosed. Expected volatilities are based on the historical volatility of the Company s stock. The Company uses historical
data to estimate option exercise and when applicable employee termination within the valuation model; separate groups of employees that
have similar historical exercise behavior are considered separately for valuation purposes. The expected term of options granted is derived
from the output of the option valuation model and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding.
The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time
of grant. The following range of assumptions were utilized during the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020: 

Expected
 volatility 

618.01 
 - 21,779.77 

Weighted-average
 volatility 

618.01 
 - 21,779.77 

Expected
 dividends 

0 

Expected
 term (in years) 

4.0
 - 5.0 

Risk-free
 rate 

0.56 
 - 2.52 

The
following table sets forth common stock purchase warrants outstanding at June 30, 2021: 

Warrants 
 Weighted 
 Average Exercise
 Price 
 Intrinsic 
 Value 
 
 Outstanding,
 June 30, 2020 
 37,390,452 
 0.50 
 - 
 
 Warrants
 issued 
 25,718,971 
 0.20 
 - 
 
 Warrants
 exchanged 
 (37,390,452 
 (0.50 
 - 
 
 Outstanding,
 June 30, 2021 
 25,718,971 
 0.20 
 - 

Common
 stock issuable upon exercise of warrants 
 25,718,971 
 0.20 
 - 

Common
 Stock Issuable Upon Exercise of 
 Warrants Outstanding 

Common
 Stock Issuable Upon 
 Warrants Exercisable 

Range
 of 
 Exercise 
 Prices 

Number 
 Outstanding at 
 June 30, 2021 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Remaining 
 Contractual 
 Life (Years) 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

Number 
 Exercisable at 
 June 30, 2021 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

0.20 

25,718,971 

3.83 

0.20 

25,718,971 

0.20 

25,718,971 

3.83 

0.20 

25,718,971 

0.20 

F- 34 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
12: STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 

The
following table sets forth common stock purchase warrants outstanding at June 30, 2020: 

Warrants 
 Weighted 
 Average Exercise
 Price 
 Intrinsic 
 Value 
 
 Outstanding,
 June 30, 2019 
 4,985,394 
 0.50 
 - 
 
 Warrants
 earned 
 32,405,058 
 0.50 
 - 
 
 Warrants
 forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding,
 June 30, 2020 
 37,390,452 
 0.50 
 - 

Common
 stock issuable upon exercise of warrants 
 37,390,452 
 0.50 
 - 

Common
 Stock Issuable Upon Exercise of 
 Warrants Outstanding 

Common
 Stock Issuable Upon 
 Warrants Exercisable 

Range
 of 
 Exercise 
 Prices 

Number 
 Outstanding at 
 June 30, 2020 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Remaining 
 Contractual 
 Life (Years) 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

Number 
 Exercisable at 
 June 30, 2020 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

0.50 

37,390,452 

4.30 

0.50 

37,390,452 

0.50 

37,390,452 

4.30 

0.50 

37,390,452 

0.50 

NOTE
13: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Microphase
Corporation 

At
June 30, 2021, the Company owed 32,545 to Microphase for previously leased office space at its Norwalk location and for certain research
and development services and shared administrative personnel from time to time, all through December 31, 2015. 

Transactions
With Officers 

Note
Payable Issuances 

At
various points during past fiscal years certain officers and former officers of the Company provided bridge loans to the Company evidenced
by individual promissory notes and deferred compensation so as to provide working capital to the Company. During the year ended June
30, 2021, the Company s Chief Executive Officer converted his deferred compensation from fiscal years 2019 and 2020, totaling 381,566,
and the fair value of his cancelled shares of the Company s common stock of 496,106, into separate promissory notes. All of these
notes accrue interest at the rate of 6 per annum, and are payable on demand. During the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the officers
and former officers advanced 0 and 48,052 to provide working capital to the Company and 40,656 and 4,792 has been charged for interest
on loans from officers and former officers. 

F- 35 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
13: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued) 

On
October 22, 2020, the Company received a notice of event of default and demand letter Demand Letter from a former officer
and promissory note holder (the Note Holder ). The promissory note was issued on November 1, 2019, in the original principal
amount of 40,739, accrued interest at a rate of 6 per annum, and matured on April 18, 2020. The Demand Letter stated an aggregate
of 51,940 of principal and interest was immediately due. The promissory note does not have a convertible feature and is not convertible
into shares of the Company s common stock. Additionally, the promissory note does not contain any cross-default provisions with
any other promissory notes issued by the Company. The Company expects to work with the Note Holder to negotiate a repayment structure
whereby the Company can repay the Note Holder the balance due as quickly as possible based upon its available capital. 

At
June 30, 2021 and 2020, these outstanding notes including accrued interest totaled 747,086 and 78,758, respectively. At June 30, 2021,
these promissory notes are not convertible into shares of the Company common stock. 

Common
Stock Issuances 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company recorded 21,474 of stock-based compensation expense related to a June 1, 2019 grant of 231,635
shares of common stock to the Company s former Chief Financial Officer, which vested 25 on the six month and 1 year anniversaries
of the grant date. Upon Mr. Cutchens employment ceasing during January 2021, 115,818 unvested shares of common stock were forfeited
resulting in the reversal of 68,003 of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense. 

Additionally,
during the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company granted 500,000 restricted shares of common stock to its Chief Operating Officer. The
restricted shares of common stock vest 25 on the 1 year, 2 year, 3 year, and 4 year anniversaries of the grant date. At June 30, 2021,
no shares of common stock have vested and 500,000 shares remain unvested. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company recorded 9,733
of stock-based compensation expense. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued 231,635 restricted shares of its common stock to Mr. Cutchens, the Company s Chief
Financial Officer, which were granted on June 1, 2019 (the Grant Date ), pursuant to the terms of an employment agreement
with the Company. The restricted shares of common stock vest 25 on the six-month, 1 year, 2 year, and 3 year anniversaries of the Grant
Date. At June 30, 2020, 115,818 shares of common stock have vested and 115,817 shares remain unvested. During the years ended June 30,
2020 and 2019, the Company recorded 133,142 and 16,464, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to the vested portion
of this award. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company incurred 15,500 of expense related to legal and consulting services provided by Mr. Smiley,
the Company s former Chief Financial Officer and legal counsel. During October 2019, the entire balance of 15,500 was converted
into 62,000 shares of common stock. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company did not incur any expense or utilize any services
by Mr. Smiley, the Company s former CFO and legal counsel. 

Office
Lease 

Effective
February 8, 2021, the Company relocated its corporate office to 9841 Washingtonian Blvd., Suite 200, Gaithersburg, MD 20878, and incurred
rent expense of 1,350 per month through March 31, 2021, which was payable to a related party. The current lease payment is 1,600 per
month and the lease term is a month-to-month arrangement. For the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, 12,150 and 7,621, respectively,
was recognized as rent expense. At June 30, 2021 and 2020, 35,971 and 23,821, respectively, was accrued as payable to the related party. 

F- 36 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
14: INCOME TAXES 

The
Company accounts for income taxes taking into account deferred tax assets and liabilities which represent the future tax consequences
of the differences between financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities versus the tax basis of assets and liabilities.
Under this method, deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.
Deferred liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when,
in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The
impact of tax rate changes on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in the year the change is enacted. Due to recurring losses,
the Company s tax provision for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 was 0. 

At
June 30, 2021 and 2020, the difference between the effective income tax rate and the applicable statutory federal income tax rate is
summarized as follows: 

June
 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Statutory
 federal rate 
 21.0 
 21.0 
 
 State
 income tax rate, net of federal benefit 
 6.5 
 6.5 
 
 Permanent
 differences, including stock based compensation and beneficial conversion interest expense 
 - 
 (0.1 
 
 Change
 in valuation allowance 
 (27.5 
 (27.4 
 
 Effective
 tax rate 
 - 
 - 

At
June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company s deferred tax assets were as follows: 

June 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Deferred tax assets 

Federal and state net operating loss carry forward 
 24,126,409 
 23,838,735 
 
 Deferred stock warrants 
 22,184 
 5,157,262 
 
 Other temporary differences 
 241,610 
 509,789 
 
 Total deferred tax asset 
 24,390,203 
 29,505,786 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities 

Other temporary differences 
 (4,389 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 (4,389 
 - 
 
 Net deferred tax asset 
 24,385,814 
 29,505,786 
 
 Less: valuation allowance 
 (24,385,814 
 (29,505,786 

- 
 - 

Valuation
Allowance 

In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets,
management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary
differences will become deductible. The Company considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable
income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance against its net deferred
tax assets because it is not currently able to conclude that it is more likely than not that these assets will be realized. The amount
of deferred tax assets considered to be realizable could be increased in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the
carryforward period are increased. The valuation allowance decreased by 5,119,972 during the fiscal year ended June 30,
2021, of which 1,496,544 of the decrease relates to the calculation of the current fiscal year tax provision and
 3,623.428 of the decrease is a result of prior year adjustments and net operating loss expirations. The valuation allowance increased
by 3,349,031 during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, as a result of the fiscal year tax provision calculation
and other adjustments. 

F- 37 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
14: INCOME TAXES (continued) 

Other
Income Tax Related Items 

At
June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company has federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 87,000,000 and 87,000,000, respectively,
due to the generation of current fiscal year net operating loss carryforward of approximately 14,000,000 and the expiration of the fiscal
year June 30, 2001 net operating loss carryforward of approximately 13,000,000. Net operating loss carryforwards generated before
January 1, 2018 will expire through 2037. Under the Internal Revenue Code Section 382, certain stock transactions which significantly
change ownership, including the sale of stock to new investors, the exercise of options to purchase stock, or other transactions between
shareholders could limit the amount of net operating loss carryforwards that may be utilized on an annual basis to offset taxable income
in future periods. 

At
June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had no material unrecognized tax benefits and no adjustments to liabilities or operations were required.
The Company does not expect that its unrecognized tax benefits will materially increase within the next twelve months. The Company did
not recognize any interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions at June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Enacted
in late 2017, the Tax Cut and Jobs Act TCJA imposed a one-time tax on earnings held outside the United States U.S. ).
The Company did not have any earnings subject to this tax. Beginning in 2018, earnings generated outside the U.S. are not subject to
U.S. tax when repatriated. If the Company engages in certain business activities, non-U.S. earnings may be required to be include in
the income of the U.S. parent company. The TCJA added rules that require the U.S. parent company to include in income certain low taxed
income. These so called Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI rules are not applicable to the Company. 

During
May 2020, the Company received 33,332 under the Small Business Administration s Paycheck Protection Program PPP Loan created as part of the recently enacted CARES Act administered by the Small Business Administration SBA ). Certain amounts
of the loan may be forgiven if they are used towards qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. In the event that forgiveness
is applied for and received, the loan will not be considered cancellation of debt income and will be considered tax exempt for income
tax purposes. 

NOTE
15: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Commitments 

Effective
February 8, 2021, the Company relocated its corporate office to 9841 Washingtonian Blvd., Suite 200, Gaithersburg, MD 20878, and incurred
rent expense of 1,350 per month through March 31, 2021, which was payable to a related party. The current lease payment is 1,600 per
month and the lease term is a month-to-month arrangement. 

F- 38 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
15: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (continued) 

Judgement
Settlement Agreement 

Effective
December 10, 2018, the Company entered into a Judgment Settlement Agreement to satisfy in full the Forbearance Agreement
with Fife that was previously in effect. As a result, under the Judgment Settlement Agreement, no shares of the Company s common
stock are issuable or eligible to be converted into. Under the terms of the Judgment Settlement Agreement, the Company was required to
pay 15,000 per month from January 15, 2019 through and including February 15, 2020, with a final payment of 195,000 which was due and
payable in March of 2020. The Company made all required payments with the exception of the final payment of 195,000 which was due and
payable in March of 2020. On August 17, 2020, the Company entered into a second amendment (the Second Amendment to the
Judgement Settlement Agreement, whereby the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 300,000 (the Note to repay the amounts still outstanding under the Judgment Settlement Agreement. The Note matures on August 17, 2021, bears interest at
a rate of 10 per annum, requires certain monthly minimum cash payments as specified in the Note, and is convertible into shares of the
Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a conversion price as specified in the Note. The Note may be prepaid by the
Company at any time prior to maturity without penalty. The Company satisfied the initial cash payment as specified in the Note. On April
13, 2021, the Company entered into a third amendment (the Third Amendment to the Judgement Settlement Agreement, whereby
the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 300,000 (the New Note to replace the Note
and repay the amounts still outstanding under the Judgment Settlement Agreement. The Note matures on April 13, 2022, bears interest at
a rate of 10 per annum, requires certain monthly minimum payments in cash or the Company s common stock as specified in the New
Note, and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a conversion price as specified
in the New Note. The New Note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to maturity without penalty. On April 16, 2021, the Company
paid 235,000 to satisfy, pay in full, and extinguish the New Note and the Judgement Settlement Agreement, which resulted in a gain on
debt settlement of 549,026 during the year ended June 30, 2021 (see Note 9). 

Contracts
and Commitments Executed Pursuant to the Transition Agreement 

In
the transaction whereby Mr. Bhatnagar acquired control of the Company on January 11, 2019, the Company entered into material commitments
including an employment agreement and a warrant agreement (see Note 12). 

Contingencies 

Judgment
Settlement Agreement 

Effective
December 10, 2018, the Company entered into a Judgment Settlement Agreement to satisfy in full the Forbearance Agreement
with Fife that was previously in effect. As a result, under the Judgment Settlement Agreement, no shares of the Company s common
stock are issuable or eligible to be converted into. Under the terms of the Judgment Settlement Agreement, the Company was required to
pay 15,000 per month from January 15, 2019 through and including February 15, 2020, with a final payment of 195,000 which was due and
payable in March of 2020. The Company made all required payments with the exception of the final payment of 195,000 which was due and
payable in March of 2020. On August 17, 2020, the Company entered into a second amendment (the Second Amendment to the
Judgement Settlement Agreement, whereby the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 300,000 (the Note to repay the amounts still outstanding under the Judgment Settlement Agreement. The Note matures on August 17, 2021, bears interest at
a rate of 10 per annum, requires certain monthly minimum cash payments as specified in the Note, and is convertible into shares of the
Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a conversion price as specified in the Note. The Note may be prepaid by the
Company at any time prior to maturity without penalty. The Company satisfied the initial cash payment as specified in the Note. On April
13, 2021, the Company entered into a third amendment (the Third Amendment to the Judgement Settlement Agreement, whereby
the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 300,000 (the New Note to replace the Note
and repay the amounts still outstanding under the Judgment Settlement Agreement. The Note matures on April 13, 2022, bears interest at
a rate of 10 per annum, requires certain monthly minimum payments in cash or the Company s common stock as specified in the New
Note, and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a conversion price as specified
in the New Note. The New Note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to maturity without penalty. On April 16, 2021, the Company
paid 235,000 to satisfy, pay in full, and extinguish the New Note and the Judgement Settlement Agreement, which resulted in a gain on
debt settlement of 549,026 during the year ended June 30, 2021 (see Note 9). 

F- 39 

mPHASE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
16: DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

The
Company has classified the operating results and associated assets and liabilities from its Jump line of products, which ceased generating
material revenue during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements for
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. 

The
assets and liabilities associated with discontinued operations included in our consolidated balance sheets at June 30, 2021 and 2020
were only accounts payable with a balance of 82,795 and 82,795, respectively. 

For
the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, there were no revenue or expenses associated with discontinued operations included in our consolidated
statements of operations. 

NOTE
17: SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

On
August 27, 2021, the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company appointed Suhas Subramanyam, Chester White, and Thomas
Fore as members of the Board (such appointments, collectively, the Appointments ). The terms of the Appointments commenced
on August 27, 2021 and are in effect for a period of approximately one year, until the time of the Company s next Annual Meeting
of Stockholders. In connection with the Appointments, on August 27, 2021, the Company entered into director agreements with Mr. Subramanyam,
Mr. White and Mr. Fore (such director agreements, collectively, the Director Agreements ). Pursuant to the Director Agreements,
the Company will compensate each such director a fee of 20,000 annually, which is to be paid in quarterly installments of 5,000. Such
quarterly fee will be increased by 1,250 for each such director who serves as a member of either the Audit, Compensation, or Nominating
Committee. In lieu of cash consideration, the annual fee will be paid by issuance of the number of restricted shares of the Company s
common stock equivalent to the applicable cash amount due as determined based upon the closing price on the last trading day of such
quarter. 

F- 40 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries 

mPhase
Technologies India Private Limited, an India private limited company 

 mPower
Technologies, Inc., a New Jersey corporation 

 Always
Ready, Inc., a New Jersey corporation 

 MEDDS,
Inc., a Wyoming corporation 

 Microphase
Telecommunications, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

 mPhase
TV.net, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

 mPhase
Television.Net, Inc., a Connecticut corporation 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Anshu Bhatnagar, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of mPhase Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on the most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 October 13, 2021 
 /s/
 Anshu Bhatnagar 

Anshu
 Bhatnagar 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

Statement
of Chief Executive and Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant
to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned,
Anshu Bhatnagar, Chief Executive Officer of mPhase Technologies, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that based on the
undersigned s knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the
 requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated:
 October 13, 2021 
 /s/
 Anshu Bhatnagar 

Anshu
 Bhatnagar 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 xdsl-20210630.xml
 INLINE XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 xdsl-20210630.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 xdsl-20210630_cal.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 xdsl-20210630_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 xdsl-20210630_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 xdsl-20210630_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

