<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211223_10-K_edgar_data_1073748_0001213900-21-067186.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2116847</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>93123</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>417463</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>708583</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>402454</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>440344</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-21-067186.hdr.sgml : 20211223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211223101230
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-21-067186
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			YUMMIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001073748
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				870615629
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32361
		FILM NUMBER:		211515538

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1981 EAST MURRAY HOLLADAY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84117
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8012729294

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1981 EAST MURRAY HOLLADAY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84117

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-21-067186.txt : 20211223

10-K
 1
 f10k2021_yummiesinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission
File No. 

YUMMIES,
INC. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , ., , 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As
of March 31, 2021 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), there were
449,626,500 shares of the registrant s common stock issued and outstanding, 332,005,000 of which were held by affiliates
of the registrant. The aggregate market value could not be determined because the registrant had no or nominal trading volume
as of September 30, 2021. 

There
was a total of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of December 17, 2021. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Yummies,
Inc. 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K 

Year
Ended September 30, 2021 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 
 4 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 
 7 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 7 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 
 7 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 
 7 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 8 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 
 8 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 9 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 12 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 12 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 12 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 
 12 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 
 13 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 14 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 
 16 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 16 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 17 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 18 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 

Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 
 19 

i 

INTRODUCTORY
NOTES 

Use
of Terms 

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context and for the purposes of this report only, references in this report to we, 
 our and the Company refer to Yummies, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its wholly owned subsidiary,
Yummies Knowledge Management Pte. Ltd., a Singapore corporation (the Singapore Subsidiary ). 

Special
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

In
addition to historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange
Act. We use words such as believe, expect, anticipate, project, target, 
 plan, optimistic, intend, aim, will or similar expressions
which are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements include, among others, those concerning any projections
of earnings, revenue, margins or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for
future operations; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; as well as all assumptions, expectations,
predictions, intentions or beliefs about future events. You are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions, which, if they were to ever materialize or
prove incorrect, could cause the results of the Company to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. 

Readers
are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and our other filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. These reports attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects. The forward-looking statements made in this report
speak only as of the date hereof and we disclaim any obligation, except as required by law, to provide updates, revisions or amendments
to any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in our expectations or future events. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS. 

Background
and History 

The
Company was originally incorporated in the State of Nevada on June 11, 1998. The Company was formed with the stated purpose of
engaging in the business of the rental of boats and personal water craft but was not successful in that business. For the past
number of years, the Company has checked the shell company box on the cover page of its Form 10-K annual reports
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

On
August 29, 2018, the Company entered into and closed the transactions contemplated by a stock purchase agreement between the Company,
Wei-Hsien Lin, and Susan Santage, the sole director, President, Treasurer, Secretary and controlling stockholder of the Company
prior to that date. Pursuant to the stock purchase agreement, Mr. Lin purchased 1,690,000 shares of the Company s common
stock from Ms. Santage for 325,000, or 0.19231 per share. Such shares represented approximately 67.5 of the Company s
issued and outstanding common stock as of the closing. Accordingly, as a result of the transaction, on August 29, 2018, there
was a change of control of the Company and Mr. Lin became the controlling stockholder of the Company. 

In
connection with the closing of the stock purchase transaction, Susan Santage resigned from all offices of the Company that she
held and Mr. Wei-Hsien Lin was appointed as the President, Treasurer, and Secretary of the Company, effective as of August 29,
2018. Mr. Lin was also appointed to the board of directors (the Board of the Company effective as of August
29, 2018. Ms. Santage resigned from the board of directors of the Company effective automatically on the 10 th day following
the Company s filing and mailing of an information statement on Schedule 14f-1. Such information statement was mailed on
August 31, 2018, so Ms. Santage s resignation was effective as of September 10, 2018. 

On
May 7, 2019, the Board of Directors of the Company, by written consent determined to increase the size of the Board to three (3)
members and appointed Ms. Chi-Yin Lee and Ms. Yu-Jo Liao to the Board to fill the vacancies on the Board created by the increase. 

On
June 18, 2019, the Company formed a wholly owned subsidiary under the laws of Singapore, Yummies Knowledge Management Pte. Ltd.,
or the Singapore Subsidiary. The Singapore Subsidiary is authorized to issue 5,000 ordinary shares, denominated in Singapore dollars,
all of which have been issued to the Company and are outstanding. The address of the Singapore Subsidiary is 82 Lorong 23 Geylang,
#06-05, Atrix Building, Singapore 88409, and the telephone number is +65 6338 8801. The Managing Director of the Singapore Subsidiary
is Mr. Wei-Hsien Lin, who is also the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

The
principal activities of the Singapore Subsidiary are in the field of management consultancy services and the provision of corporate
training programs and motivational courses in various areas of management. More specifically, the Singapore Subsidiary has begun
assisting an affiliated company, Doers Knowledge Management Pte Ltd Doers Singapore ), a private Singapore
based company owned by Mr. Lin, with marketing, promotional and management training activities relating to an event organized
by Doers Singapore titled Heartland Enterprises: Transform and Thrive, a Bintan Island cruise for up to 150 entrepreneur-attendees
took place from July 26 to July 28, 2019 on the cruise ship Genting Dream (the Heartland Event ). The Singapore
Subsidiary will provide similar services to future educational cruises and other programs to be sponsored by Doers Singapore and
is being paid for the services it provides to Doers Singapore. Immediately following this Bintan Island cruise, the Singapore
Subsidiary began providing educational site visits to entrepreneurs who have participated in the cruise and to sponsor related
business development skill building seminars, all of which are expected to generate revenues to the Singapore Subsidiary. The
Singapore Subsidiary will also sponsor its own educational programs separate from those of Doers Singapore. 

As
a result of the formation of the Singapore Subsidiary and the Singapore Subsidiary s beginning of its business activities
as described above, as of June 25, 2019, the Company ceased to be a shell company, as that term is defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. On July 1, 2019, the Company
filed a Form 8-K with the SEC indicating that the Board had made the determination that the Company had left shell company status
on June 25, 2019. As such, in its future periodic reports to be filed with the SEC beginning with this annual report on Form 10-K,
the Company will change the reporting of its status as a shell company and will check the box to indicate that the Company is
not a shell company. 

1 

Business
Overview 

The
Company has begun operations in Singapore, through the Singapore Subsidiary, in the business training and entrepreneurship education
sector. The Company provides management consultancy services and the provision of corporate training programs and motivational
courses in various areas of business management and entrepreneurship. Business training and entrepreneurship education seeks to
provide students with the skill sets, networking opportunities with other budding entrepreneurs and motivation to encourage entrepreneurial
success in a variety of settings. It helps decrease the chances of failure by teaching a set of principles and systems for entrepreneurial
success. In a typical course, students may learn about managing cash flow, raising capital, writing business plans, negotiations,
organizational skills, business strategies and sales and marketing as well as soft skills such as building high performance winning
teams. 

Products
and Services 

Programs
and courses adopt a methodology of teaching important concepts through interactive games and activities, which comprise more than
60 of the total course hours. These games and activities are designed to apply the concepts, principles and theories that form
the key themes of the courses. During these games and activities, the participants are split into smaller groups and are required
to work individually and together as a team in each group. These games and activities require a high level of interaction among
the participants, which fosters a closer relationship amongst the participants, and promotes teamwork and the exchange of ideas. 

These
programs and courses are conducted mainly in hotel venues in various cities in different countries, where participants can attend
the course programs, have their meals and spend their nights conveniently close to the program sites. The programs are held in
hotels as they offer both convenience to attendees and flexibility to us in organizing and planning our programs. Our courses
range from one-day to eight-day programs. 

Since
the formation of the Singapore Subsidiary, our first operational activities have been related to assisting our affiliated company,
Doers Singapore, for a fee, with marketing, promotional and management training activities relating to the Heartland Event organized
by Doers Singapore. The Singapore Subsidiary will also provide similar services for future educational courses and other programs
to be sponsored by Doers Singapore. and will be paid fees for these services. The Company also plans to sponsor its own educational
programs separate from those of Doers Singapore. 

Generally,
we conduct courses according to the broad principles and concepts prescribed by the consultants or lecturers we utilize to design
and lead our programs. These persons are responsible for designing program format and structure, teaching concepts, principles
and theories, and games and activities for the program participants. Our teaching staff has the flexibility to customize the contents
and structures of the programs they lead to explain and elaborate the relevant subjects that are taught in the programs. Trainers
and group leaders for these programs and courses comprise a combination of international trainers provided by our consultants
and those sourced directly by us from time to time. 

The
Company s first project, discussed above, took place in Singapore. The Company expects to conduct various additional education,
training and incubation program courses in Singapore and in other countries including China, Malaysia, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Cambodia,
Indonesia, Thailand, Philippine and Brunei. 

Going
forward, the Company will begin to provide additional services relating to corporate training, human resources training and recruitment,
event management and the provision of youth educational services. 

Plan
of Operation 

Our
plan of operation for the next 12 months is to build our operations in Singapore and to begin to develop our business in Malaysia
and Taiwan where we expect to establish local operations within the next 12 months. 

2 

Market 

The
potential for the business training and development market in Asia is enormous in view of the huge labor market in the world s
most populous region and the need to train such human capital to ensure sustained economic growth and social stability in the
region, especially in the Asian market. The business training and development market may be divided into two market segments.
The first segment is saturated with many small training companies targeting employees working for multinational companies. The
other segment is aimed at employees working for local companies, including small and medium size enterprises, and this segment
is more promising because local companies face the challenge of finding themselves obsolete due to increased competition from
foreign enterprises and multinational companies, so they need to improve their work force training to become more competitive. 

Competition 

The
Company operates in a competitive industry. Our competitors are management consulting companies based in Singapore and Malaysia
that provide business entrepreneurship education and training and development. We compete based on our service quality, pricing
and after sales service. We believe our competitive strengths include our working relationships with and support from universities,
our training program offerings and our strong management leadership from our Chief Executive Officer, Wei-Hsien Lin. Based on
our relationships with our affiliate, Doers Singapore, we expect to be able to leverage their well-developed media strategies
and strong working relationships with the media. We believe we can also leverage our student resources and the experience and
industry relationships of our CEO, Mr. Lin. 

Employees 

Other
than its Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Wei-Hsien Lin, the Company does not have any employees. The Company does not have an employment
agreement with, or pay a salary to, Mr. Lin. 

3 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS. 

We
are an early stage company, with limited operating history. 

We
are a company in its development stages. On August 29, 2018, a new stockholder, Wei-Hsien Lin, became the controlling stockholder
of the Company. We have a limited operating history with which you can evaluate our business and prospects. Our prospects must
be considered in light of the risks encountered by companies in the early stages of development in highly competitive markets.
You should consider the frequency with which early-stage businesses encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications,
delays and other adverse factors. 

There
can be no assurance that we will become profitable in the future. 

There
is no assurance that we will ever be profitable or generate sufficient revenue to meet projections or to pay dividends to the
holders of shares of our common stock. 

We
will need to raise significant additional capital in the future to expand our operations and we may be unable to raise such funds
when needed and on acceptable terms. 

We
will need to raise significant additional capital in order to fund our operations. When we elect to raise additional funds or
additional funds are required, we may raise such funds from time to time through public or private equity offerings, debt financings
or other financing alternatives. Additional equity or debt financing or other alternative sources of capital may not be available
to us on acceptable terms, if at all. 

If
we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders will experience dilution. Debt financing, if available,
would result in substantial fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting
our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. Any
debt financing or additional equity that we raise may contain terms, such as liquidation and other preferences, which are not
favorable to us or our stockholders. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable
to us, we may not be able to fully develop our business, our future operations will be limited, and our ability to generate revenues
and achieve or sustain future profitability will be substantially harmed. 

Our
success is dependent on our key personnel, whom we may not be able to retain and we may not be able to hire enough additional
personnel to meet our needs. 

Our
future success depends upon the continued service of our key personnel and our directors, especially our President, Treasurer
and Secretary, Mr. Wei-Hsien Lin. Mr. Lin possesses technical knowledge of our operations, business strategy, and has a network
of contacts that can help us implement our strategy and plan. If we lose his services or if he decides to join a competitor or
otherwise compete directly or indirectly with us, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially
harmed. 

If
our business continues to grow, additional personnel will be necessary. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in attracting
and retaining additional personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, or are unable to do so in a cost effective
manner, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

We
may not be able to manage future growth effectively. 

We
expect to experience significant growth in a short period of time. Should we grow rapidly, our financial, management and operating
resources may not expand sufficiently to adequately manage our growth. If we are unable to manage our growth, our costs may increase
disproportionately, our future revenues may not grow or may decline and we may face dissatisfied customers. Our failure to manage
our growth may adversely impact our business and the value of your investment. 

Competition 

There
are many companies who compete or could potentially compete with the Company. It is likely that efforts of which the Company s
management is unaware are currently underway at other companies and organizations. Many of the Company s potential competitors
have substantially greater capital, marketing and development capabilities and human resources than the Company and may potentially
represent significant competition for the Company. Furthermore, many of these competitors may have significantly greater experience
than the Company in the Company s industry. The foregoing conditions create a rigorous competitive climate for the Company
and increase the risk that the products developed, marketed and sold by the Company will be unable to compete successfully with
other potential marketers of such products. The Company s competitors may succeed in developing products that are more effective
or less costly than any that may be developed by the Company and may also prove to be more successful than the Company in technology,
marketing and sales. Competition may increase further as a result of potential advances in the commercial applicability of such
products and services as well as increased availability of capital for investment in these fields. 

4 

No
Assurance of Government Regulation 

The
extent of potential adverse government regulation which might arise from future legislation or administrative action cannot be
predicted. 

Market
Risk 

There
is no assurance that consumers will accept the Company s product offerings. Usage will initially require input of personal
information and potentially credit card registration, which will create adoption barriers. Our business is dependent on our ability
to train and/or attract and retain good and qualified trainers who preferably, should be equipped with the relevant business experience
in relation to our training programmes. The ability to train and/or attract and retain them is dependent on several factors such
as our continued reputation, financial remuneration and job satisfaction. In addition, we may be adversely affected by competition
from other private schools and/or education services providers. The private education industry especially in the China, is highly
competitive. The competition which we face is exacerbated by the relatively low entry barriers for new entrants into the market.
We compete with various private schools and/or education services providers, some of which have longer operating histories, higher
student enrolment levels, larger teams of professional staff and greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources.
If we are unable to compete effectively, our business and results of operations will be adversely affected. We may also facing
local applicable laws and regulations of the country. We intend to establish more schools providing entrepreneurship training
in future. However, there is no assurance that we will be able to secure the necessary license, permit and approvals in the particular
country relating to the establishment of each of such private schools or programs. This would affect our expansion plans and may
adversely affect our future growth and results of operations. 

The
price of our common stock may be volatile. 

Our
common stock is approved for quotation on the OTC Markets OTCPink marketplace under the symbol, YUMM . The
OTCPink marketplace is a regulated quotation service that displays real-time quotes, last-sale prices and volume information in
the over-the-counter equity securities and provides significantly less liquidity than a listing on the Nasdaq Stock Markets or
other national securities exchange. OTCPink securities are traded by a community of market makers that enter quotes and trade
reports. This market is limited in comparison to the national stock exchanges and any prices quoted may not be a reliable indication
of the value of our common stock. Quotes for stocks included on the OTCPink are not listed in the financial sections of new papers
as are those for the Nasdaq Stock Market or the NYSE. Therefore, prices for securities traded solely on the OTCPink may be difficult
to obtain. 

Trading
on the OTCPink Marketplace as opposed to a national securities exchange had resulted and may continue to result in a reduction
in some or all of the following, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the price of our Common Stock and our company: 

liquidity
 of our common stock; 

the
 market price of shares of our common stock; 

our
 ability to obtain financing to support our operations and the implementation of our business
 plan; 

the
 number of institutional and other investors that will consider investing in shares of
 our common stock; 

the
 number of market markers in shares of our common stock; 

the
 availability of information concerning the trading prices and volume of shares of our
 common stock; and 

the
 number of broker-dealers willing to execute trades in shares of our common stock. 

5 

In
addition, the market price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations; 

announcements
 regarding the status of our regulatory efforts; 

the
 determination that our shares of common stock are penny stock which will
 require brokers trading in our shares of common stock to adhere to more stringent rules; 

the
 sale by us of our common stock or preferred stock or other securities, or the anticipation
 of sales of such securities; 

the
 trading volume of our common stock, particularly if such volume is light; 

the
 introduction of new products of services, or product or service enhancements by us or
 our competitors; 

developments
 with respect to our or our competitors intellectual property rights or regulatory
 approvals or denials; 

announcements
 of significant acquisitions or other agreements by us or our competitors; 

sales
 or anticipated sales of our common stock by our officers and directors; 

conditions
 and trends in our industry; 

changes
 in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our competitors; 

changes
 in the estimation of the future size and growth of our markets; and 

general
 economic conditions. 

The
stock market in general, and the OTCPink marketplace in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that
in some cases may be unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry
factors may materially harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In addition, this volatility
could adversely affect an investor s ability to sell shares of our common stock, and/or the available price for such shares,
at any given time. 

The
recent and ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could materially affect our operations. 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, causing a disease referred to as COVID-19, was reported to have surfaced
in Wuhan, China. Since then, COVID-19 has spread to other countries, including in each of the areas in which our company and our
customers operate. The spread of COVID-19, which has caused a broad impact globally, may materially affect us economically. While
the potential economic impact brought by COVID-19, and the duration of such impact, may be difficult to assess or predict, the
widespread pandemic has resulted in significant disruption of global financial markets, which could reduce our ability to access
capital and negatively affect our future liquidity. In addition, a recession or market correction resulting from the spread of
COVID-19 and related government orders and restrictions could materially affect our business and the value of our common stock.
The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve rapidly. As of the date of this annual report, the COVID-19 pandemic has had an impact
upon our operations, although we believe that the impact is not material. 

We
are monitoring the global outbreak and spread of the novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) and taking steps in an effort to identify
and mitigate the adverse impacts on, and risks to, our business (including but not limited to our employees, customers and other
business partners) posed by its spread and the governmental and community reactions thereto. We continue to assess and update
our business continuity plans in the context of this pandemic, including taking steps in an effort to help keep our workforces
healthy and safe. 

6 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF
 COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 

The
Company does not own or rent any property. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise, in the ordinary course of business.
However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these, or other matters, may arise from time
to time that may harm our business. Except as discussed below, we are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims
that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

On
June 4, 2021, a shareholder of the Company filed an application for appointment of custodian (the Application in
the District Court, Clark County, Nevada (the Court claiming that the Company had abandoned its business. The Application
was granted by the Court which issued a Custodian Order on June 16, 2021. On June 18, 2021, we filed an application for a stay
of the Court order granting the custodianship and this stay was granted by the Court on June 20, 2021. On June 29, 2021, we entered
into a settlement agreement with the shareholder pursuant to which, among other things, we agreed to maintain our corporate filings
with the Nevada Secretary of State in a timely manner and to comply with regulatory and market required periodic report filing
requirements. On June 30, 2021, the Court vacated the Custodian Order and dismissed the shareholder s action in its entirety.
We have paid an upfront of 25,000 for the legal fees for handling the case. As a result, on July 1, 2021, our legal representative
have paid on behalf of the Company of 2,500 for of the final settlement with the shareholder. The surplus of the legal fees of
 5,199 has also been refunded on July 27, 2021. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

7 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
 COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is currently eligible to be quoted on the OTC Pink Tier of OTC Markets Group Inc. under the symbol YUMM, 
however, no or nominal trading has occurred in the past two years. An active public market for our common stock may never develop,
or, if a market develops, it may not be sustained. 

Approximate
Number of Holders of Our Common Stock 

As
of December 17, 2021, there were approximately 1550 holders of record of our common stock. This number excludes the shares owned
by stockholders holding shares under nominee security position listings. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid a cash dividend. Any future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our Board. We currently
intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any
cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our Board has complete discretion as to whether to pay dividends, subject to the approval
of our stockholders. Even if our Board decides to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon our future operations
and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the
board of directors may deem relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
do not have in effect any compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Other
than as described immediately below, we have not sold any equity securities during the year ended September 30, 2021 that were
not previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or a current report on Form 8-K that was filed during the year. 

In
August 2020, the Company issued 121,500 shares of its common stock, par value 0.0001, for an aggregate price of 12.15. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities 

During
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock. 

ITEM
 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL
 DATA. 

Not
applicable. 

8 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes to those financial
statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our discussion may include forward-looking statements
based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions.
Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as
a result of a number of factors, including those set forth under the Risk Factors, Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements and Business sections and elsewhere in this annual report. We may use words such
as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, continuing, ongoing, 
 expect, believe, intend, may, will, should, 
 could, predict, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe
the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions within the bound of our knowledge
of our business, our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these statements. Factors that could contribute
to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the Risk Factors section of this Annual
Report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason even if new information becomes
available or other events occur in the future. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United
States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. Readers
are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of this annual report, which attempt
to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and prospects. 

Overview 

The
Company changed ownership on August 29, 2018 and began operations through its Singapore Subsidiary on or about June 25, 2019.
The Company is currently principally engaged in the provision of business training and entrepreneurship education in the Chinese
language to owners of business start-ups, aspiring entrepreneurs and small and medium enterprises business owners. We organize
and conduct Chinese language courses based either on third party programs or our own programs in the China, Malaysia, Singapore,
Taiwan and Hong Kong. 

Recent
Development 

In
December 2019, the outbreak of COVID-19 caused by a novel strain of the coronavirus has become widespread in China and in the
rest of the world. The virus has since spread to more than 150 countries and on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization
declared the outbreak a pandemic. 

The
ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s operations is unknown and will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the COVID-19 outbreak, new information
which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, and any additional preventative and protective actions that
governments, or the Company, may direct, which may result in an extended period of continued business disruption, reduced customer
traffic and reduced operations. Any resulting financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time but is anticipated
to have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Government
measures taken to date will impact the Company s business for the fiscal year which began on October 1, 2021 and potentially
beyond. Management expects that all of its business segments, across all of its geographies, will be impacted to some degree,
but the significance of the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the Company s business and the duration for which it may
have an impact cannot be determined at this time. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
We evaluate, on an on-going basis, our estimates for reasonableness as changes occur in our business environment. We base our
estimates on experience, the use of independent third-party specialists and various other assumptions that are believed to be
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. 

Critical
accounting policies are defined as those that are reflective of significant judgments, estimates and uncertainties, and potentially
result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. We believe the following are our critical accounting
policies: 

9 

Basis
of Presentation 

Our
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States,
or U.S. GAAP. 

Going
Concern 

As
shown in the accompanying financial statements, we have incurred a net loss of 60,961 during the fiscal year ended September
30, 2021 and accumulated losses of 253,273 since inception at June 11, 1998. The Company s current assets exceed its current
liabilities by 18,894 at September 30, 2021. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the
success of raising additional capital through the issuance of common stock and the ability to generate sufficient operating revenue.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a
going concern. 

New
Accounting Standards 

In
July 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-10, Codification Improvements to Topic 842, Leases . The amendments in ASU 2018-10
affect narrow aspects of the guidance issued in the amendments in ASU 2016-02 including those regarding residual value guarantees,
rate implicit in the lease, lessee reassessment of lease classification, lessor reassessment of lease term and purchase option,
variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, investment tax credits, lease term and purchase option, transition
guidance for amounts previously recognized in business combinations, certain transition adjustments, transition guidance for leases
previously classified as capital leases under Topic 840, transition guidance for modifications to leases previously classified
as direct financing or sales-type leases under Topic 840, transition guidance for sale and leaseback transactions, impairment
of net investment in the lease, unguaranteed residual asset, effect of initial direct costs on rate implicit in the lease, and
failed sale and leaseback transactions. In July 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-11, Leases (Topic 842): Targeted Improvements .
The amendments in ASU 2018-11 affect the guidance issued in ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) , which is not yet effective.
The amendments provide entities with an additional (and optional) transition method to adopt the new leases standard. Under this
new transition method, an entity initially applies the new leases standard at the adoption date and recognizes a cumulative-effect
adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. The amendments also provide lessors with a practical
expedient to not separate non-lease components from the associated lease component and, instead, to account for those components
as a single component in certain circumstances. In December 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-20, Leases (Topic 842) 
Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors. ASU 2018-20 allow lessors to make an accounting policy election not to evaluate
whether sales taxes and similar taxes imposed by a governmental authority on a specific lease revenue-producing transaction are
the primary obligation of the lessor as owner of the underlying leased asset. The amendments also require a lessor to exclude
lessor costs paid directly by a lessee to third parties on the lessor s behalf from variable payments and include lessor
costs that are paid by the lessor and reimbursed by the lessee in the measurement of variable lease revenue and the associated
expense. In addition, the amendments clarify that when lessors allocate variable payments to lease and non-lease components, they
are required to follow the recognition guidance in the new lease standard for the lease component and other applicable guidance,
such as the new revenue standard, for the non-lease component. For entities that early adopted Topic 842, the amendments are effective
upon issuance of ASU 2018-10, AUS 2018-11and ASU 2018-20, and the transition requirements are the same as those in Topic 842.
For entities that have not adopted Topic 842, the effective date and transition requirements will be the same as the effective
date and transition requirements in Topic 842. 

In
January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-03, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections (Topic 250) and Investments - Equity
Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323) . This pronouncement amends the SEC s reporting requirements for public filers
regarding new accounting pronouncements or existing pronouncements that have not yet been adopted. Companies are to provide qualitative
disclosures if they have not yet implemented an accounting standards update. Companies should disclose if they are unable to estimate
the impact of a specific pronouncement, and provide disclosures including a description of the effect on accounting policies that
the registrant expects to apply. These provisions apply to all pronouncements that have not yet been implemented by registrants.
There are additional provisions that relate to corrections to several other prior FASB pronouncements. The Company has incorporated
language into other recently issued accounting pronouncement notes, where relevant for the corrections in FASB ASU 2017-03. The
Company has implemented the updated SEC requirements on not yet adopted accounting pronouncements with these consolidated financial
statements. There was no material impact to the financial statements. 

10 

In
August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820), Disclosure Framework Changes
to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement, which makes a number of changes meant to add, modify or remove
certain disclosure requirements associated with the movement amongst or hierarchy associated with Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3
fair value measurements. The amendments in this Update modify the disclosure requirements on fair value measurements based on
the concepts in FASB Concepts Statement, Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting Chapter 8: Notes to Financial Statements,
including the consideration of costs and benefits. The amendments on changes in unrealized gains and losses, the range and weighted
average of significant unobservable inputs used to develop Level 3 fair value measurements, and the narrative description of measurement
uncertainty should be applied prospectively for only the most recent interim or annual period presented in the initial fiscal
year of adoption. All other amendments should be applied retrospectively to all periods presented upon their effective date. The
amendments are effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those
fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company has implemented the new accounting guidance. There was no material impact
to the financial statements. 

The
Company believes that there were no other accounting standards recently issued that had or are expected to have a material impact
on our financial position or results of operations. 

Results
of Operations 

The
Company is a development stage company and has had operations only starting with the fourth quarter of its fiscal year ended September
30, 2019. Prior to this time the Company was a shell company with no business activities. 

Revenues
- Related Party 

The
Company generated 0 in revenues for the year ended September 30, 2021. The Company generated 3,700 in revenues - related party
for the year ended September 30, 2020. Total revenue related party decreased from 3,700 for the year ended September
30, 2020 to 0 for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Costs
of Goods Sold. 

The
Company has no cost of goods sold. 

Operating
Expenses 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses for the year ended September 30, 2021 were 60,961, as compared to 31,938 for the year ended September
30, 2020, an approximately 91 increase. 

During
the financial year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company expensed 0 and 3,182, respectively, in utilities and other
office expenses to a company, Doer s Knowledge Management Pte Ltd, whose CEO was also a director and shareholder of the
company. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, 7,116 and 7,214, respectively, was owed from this company and is included in other
receivable related party in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

As
a result of the foregoing factors, the Company had a net loss of 60,961 for the year ended September 30, 2021, as compared to
 28,137 for the year ended September 30, 2020. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of September 30, 2021, the Company had minimal current assets of 18,894 to fund its operations. There is no liabilities for the
year ended 30 September 2021 and 2020. 

As
of September 30, 2020, the Company had minimal current assets of 13,329 to fund its operations. 

11 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The
full text of our audited financial statements begins on page F-1 of this annual report. 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND
 DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND
 PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15I under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures
refer to controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or
submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and
forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
required by Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act, our management has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under
the supervision of our principal executive and financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as of September 30, 2021. Based upon, and as of the date of, this evaluation, and considering the minimum
level of our operations, our principal executive and financial officer determined that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company.
Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, Mr. Wei-Hsien Lin, our
principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, and effected by our Board, management and other personnel,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures
that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance
 of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;	 

(2) 
 provide reasonable
 assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S.
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the
 authorization of our management and directors; and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable
 assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could
 have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our
management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. In making this
evaluation, management used the framework established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. The COSO framework summarizes each of the components of a company s internal
control system, including (i) the control environment, (ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication,
and (v) monitoring. Based on our evaluation and considering the limited nature of business through September 30, 2021, we determined
that, as of September 30, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

12 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to
be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

We
regularly review our system of internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our processes and systems to improve
controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include
such activities as implementing new, more efficient systems, consolidating activities, and migrating processes. 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

13 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
 OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following sets forth information about our directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Wei-Hsien
 Lin 
 
 57 
 
 President, Treasurer,
 Secretary, and Director 
 
 Yu-Jo
 Liao 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Chi-Yin
 Lee 
 
 54 
 
 Director 

Wei-Hsien
Lin . Wei-Hsien Lin has served as our sole director and President, Treasurer, and Secretary of the Company since August
29, 2018. Mr. Lin has also served as the sole officer and director of Doers Education Asean Limited, a publicly traded company
whose common stock is registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, since 2016. Since 2016, Mr. Lin has also served as the
executive chairman and CEO of Doers Education Group in Taiwan. In 2012, Mr. Lin founded Doers Commercial Model Consulting Co.
Ltd., a Taiwan based company engaged in the business of training, management consulting and Incubator related matters, and he
has been the CEO and Chairman of that company since its founding. Mr. Lin has a successful career in business training and publishing
and speaking. He is the founder of the Chinese version of international courses including BSE (The Accelerated Business
School of Entrepreneurs , Money and You and Winning for Life. He was honored with Top
10 Chinese International Speaker Award in 2016 by the International Professional Training Business Society, Asia s
Top 10 Corporate Trainer in 2016 by HKXW Newspaper and The Best Chinese Speaker of the Year in 2007 by Learning
Mode China Century Success Forum. Throughout his career, Mr. Lin has been very active in charitable activities. He was an originator
of the successful 30 Hour Famine for World Vision in 1990 and Reserve Purest Land for Tzu Chi Foundation
in 1991 which he worked for King Car Education Foundation. He has worked extensively in disaster relief efforts and fundraising
throughout China. 

Yu-Jo
Liao . Yu-Jo Liao graduated from Chinese Cultural University of Taiwan in 1989. She has a degree in Public and Communication
Media. Ms. Liao was appointed as General Manager in Doer s Knowledge Management Group (Shanghai) Pte Ltd, a corporation
incorporated in China Doer s Knowledge Management Group ), in 2013. Doer s Knowledge Management Group
is mainly in operation for training, providing seminars, educational and motivational courses. Ms. Liao has vast experience in
managing Doer s Knowledge Management Group which has over 200 staff. Ms. Liao oversees all staff, budgets and operations
of all business units and is responsible for formulating overall strategy and establishing policies. Ms. Liao is also actively
involved in providing internal training and is a well-known speaker for many local and international corporations. The Board believes
that it is in the best interests of the Company to appoint Ms. Yu-Jo Liao to the Board because of her extensive experience in
managing a corporation with more than 200 staff and her management skill expertise. 

Chi-Yin
Lee . Chi-Yin Lee graduated from Shih Chien University of Taiwan in 1991 where she majored
in Accounting and Statistics. Ms. Lee was appointed as Administrative Manager in Doers Commercial Model
Consulting Co., Ltd., a corporation incorporated in Taiwan, in 2008. Ms. Lee was then promoted as General
Manager of the Company in 2017. The Company is mainly in the business of providing training and seminars,
educational and motivational courses, event management and incubation of start-ups and new entrepreneurs. Ms. Lee s
main responsibilities are managing and overseeing all staff, finance and budgets and day-to-day operations.
Ms. Lee is also responsible for formulating overall strategy and establishing policies. The Board believes
that it is the best interests of the Company to appoint Ms. Chi- Yin Lee to the Board because of her experience and expertise
in business management and financial operations management. 

Directors
are elected until their successors are duly elected and qualified. 

There
are no arrangements or understandings known to us pursuant to which any director was or is to be selected as a director or nominee.
There are no agreements or understandings for any of our executive officers or directors to resign at the request of another person
and no officer or director is acting on behalf of nor will any of them act at the direction of any other person. 

Except
as set forth in our discussion below in Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Transactions
with Related Persons, none of our directors, director nominees or executive officers has been involved in any transactions
with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the
rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors. 

14 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of our knowledge, except as described below, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

been convicted in
 a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 

had any bankruptcy
 petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association
 of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior
 to that time; 

been subject to
 any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or
 federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement
 in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities,
 or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

been found by a
 court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading
 Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended,
 or vacated; 

been the subject
 of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed,
 suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged
 violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial
 institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement
 or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or
 any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been the subject
 of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section
 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization
 that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and beneficial holders of more than 10 of our common
stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our equity securities. We believe,
based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us, that all reports required to be filed have been timely
filed for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive
officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Such code of ethics addresses, among other things, honesty
and ethical conduct, conflicts of interest, compliance with laws, regulations and policies, including disclosure requirements
under the federal securities laws, and reporting of violations of the code. 

We
are required to disclose any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics applicable to our principal executive
officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions. We intend
to use our website as a method of disseminating this disclosure, as permitted by applicable SEC rules. Any such disclosure will
be posted to our website within four business days following the date of any such amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of
our code of ethics. 

Material
Changes to Director Nomination Procedures 

There
have been no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors since such
procedures were last disclosed. 

15 

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

We
do not have an audit committee or an audit committee financial expert serving on the audit committee. Our entire Board currently
is responsible for the functions that would otherwise be handled by an audit committee. However, we intend to establish an audit
committee when we have sufficient resources and business activity to warrant the establishment of an audit committee. We envision
that the audit committee will be primarily responsible for reviewing the services performed by our independent auditors, evaluating
our accounting policies and our system of internal controls. Upon the establishment of an audit committee, the board will determine
whether any of the directors qualify as an audit committee financial expert. 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

No
salaries or other compensation were paid in cash, or otherwise, to any officers or directors for services performed during the
years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. We have no employment agreements with our officers. For the years ended September 30,
2021 and 2020, no director or executive officer has received compensation from us pursuant to any compensatory or benefit plan.
There was no plan or understanding, express or implied, to pay any compensation to any director or executive officer pursuant
to any compensatory or benefit plan. 

The
Company does not plan to pay any executive officer or director any compensation during the fiscal year ending September 30, 2021. 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP
 OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The
following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 17, 2021 by (i) each
of our officers and directors; (ii) all of our officers and directors as a group; and (iii) each person who is known by us to
beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock. Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below
is in care of the Company, 6F., No.516, Sec. 1, Neihu Road, Neihu District., Taipei City 114, Taiwan. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Title
 of Class 
 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 

Percent
 of 
 Class (2) 

Wei-Hsien
 Lin, President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 
 
 Common
 Stock 

329,005,000 

73 

Chi-Yin
 Lee 
 
 Common Stock 

20,000 

Yu-Jo
 Liao 
 
 Common Stock 

20,000 

All
 officers and directors as a group (3 persons named above) 
 
 Common Stock 

329,045,000 

73 

Less
 than 1 

(1) 
 Beneficial
 Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect
 to securities. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership of and sole voting power and investment power
 with respect to the shares of our common stock. 

(2) 
 A total
 of 449,626,500 shares of common stock are considered to be outstanding pursuant to SEC Rule 13d-3(d)(1) as of December 17,
 2021. For each beneficial owner above, any options exercisable within 60 days have been included in the numerator and denominator
 for that owner only. 

Changes
in Control 

We
do not currently have any arrangements which if consummated may result in a change of control of the Company. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
do not have any compensation plans in effect under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

16 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

The
following includes a summary of transactions since the beginning of our 2017 fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction,
in which we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent
of the average of our total assets at yearend for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or
will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than compensation described under Item 11. Executive Compensation ). 

On August 29, 2018,
 the Company entered into and closed the transactions contemplated by a stock purchase agreement between the Company, Wei-Hsien
 Lin, and Susan Santage, the sole director, President, Treasurer, Secretary and controlling stockholder of the Company at such
 time. Pursuant to the stock purchase agreement, Mr. Lin purchased 1,690,000 shares of the Company s common stock from
 Ms. Santage for 325,000, or 0.19231 per share. Such shares represented approximately 67.5 of the Company s issued
 and outstanding common stock as of the closing. Accordingly, as a result of the transaction, Mr. Lin became the controlling
 stockholder of the Company. 

During the years
 ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company s sole source of revenue was 0 and 3,700 from a consulting project
 with another Company owned and controlled by its largest stockholder, officer and director. The revenue was for consulting
 for seminar event held in a hotel room. The total amount earned is an account receivable at year end and remains uncollected
 as of the audit date. 

Director
Independence 

We
currently do not have any independent directors, as the term independent is defined by the rules of the Nasdaq Stock
Market. 

17 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
 FEES AND SERVICES. 

Independent
Auditors Fees 

On
April 12, 2021, AJ Robbins CPA LLC resigned as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company effectively immediately.
On the same day, upon the approval of its sole director, the Company engaged Gries and Associates, LLC as its new independent
registered public accounting firm to audit review the Company s financial statement effective immediately. See the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021 for more information. 

The
following is a summary of the fees billed to the company for professional services rendered for the years ended September 30,
2021 and 2020. 

Year
 Ended 
 September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Audit
 Fees 
 9,000 
 9,000 
 
 Audit-Related
 Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax
 Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All
 Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 TOTAL 
 9,000 
 9,000 

Audit
Fees consisted of fees billed for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual
financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our Form 10-K and 10-Q or services that are normally provided
by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-Related
Fees consisted of fees billed for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that were reasonably related
to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under the paragraph captioned Audit
Fees above. 

Tax
Fees consisted of fees billed for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax returns preparation. 

All
Other Fees consisted of fees billed for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services
reported above under other captions of this Item 14. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

Under
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, all audit and non-audit services performed by our auditors must be approved in advance by our
board of directors to assure that such services do not impair the auditors independence from us. In accordance with its
policies and procedures, our board of directors pre-approved the audit service performed by Gries and Associates, LLC for our
financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

18 

PART
IV 

(10)
 a) List of Documents Filed as a Part of This Report: 

(1) 
 Index to Financial
 Statements: 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-7 

Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

(2) 
 Index to Financial
 Statement Schedules: 

All
schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto, or
because it is not required. 

(3) 
 Index to Exhibits: 

See
exhibits listed under Part (b) below. 

(b) Exhibits: 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 14, 2019) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws
 of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(ii) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10SB filed
 on February 20, 2001) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2018, among Susan Santage, Wei-Hsien Lin and the Company (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2018) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Cancellation
 Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2019 by and between the Company and Mr. Wei-Hsien Lin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 14, 2020) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics and Business Conduct (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on November 13, 2018) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January
 14, 2020) 
 
 31.1/31.2 
 
 Certifications
 of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 
 
 32.1/32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
 herewith 

ITEM
 16. FORM
 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

19 

Gries
 Associates, LLC 
 Certified
 Public Accountants 
 400
 South Colorado Blvd, Ste 870 
 Denver,
 Colorado 80246 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Yummies, Inc. 

Report
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Yummies, Inc. (the Company), which comprise the balance sheet as of September
30, 2021, and the related statement of Operations, Changes in Stockholder s Equity, and Cash Flows for the year then ended,
and the related notes to the financial statements. 

Management s
Responsibility for the Financial Statements 

Management
is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America; this includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control
relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error. 

Auditor s
Responsibility 

Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance
with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatements. 

An
audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. The
procedures selected depend on the auditor s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control
relevant to the entity s preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s
internal control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting
policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our audit opinion. 

Emphasis of Matter Regarding Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described
in Note 6 to the financial statements, the Company has not generated any revenues since inception and sustained a net loss of
 60,961 for the year under audit and has accumulated losses of 253,273. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also
described in Note 6. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

blaze@griesandassociates.com 

400
South Colorado Blvd, Suite 870, Denver, Colorado 80246 

(O)720-464-2875
(M)773-255-5631 (F)720-222-5846 

F- 1 

Gries
 Associates, LLC 
 Certified
 Public Accountants 
 400
 South Colorado Blvd, Ste 870 
 Denver,
 Colorado 80246 

Opinion 

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Yummies,
Inc., as of September 30, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Emphasis
of Matters-Risks and Uncertainties 

The
Company is not able to predict the ultimate impact that COVID -19 will have on its business. However, if the current economic
conditions continue, the pandemic could have an adverse impact on the economies and financial markets of many countries, including
the geographical area in which the Company plans to operate. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

Denver,
Colorado 

November
18, 2021 

blaze@griesandassociates.com 

400
South Colorado Blvd, Suite 870, Denver, Colorado 80246 

(O)720-464-2875
(M)773-255-5631 (F)720-222-5846 

F- 2 

AJ
 Robbins CPA, LLC 
 Certified
 Public Accountants 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Yummies, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Yummies, Inc. (the Company) as of September 30, 2020 and 2019 and
the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the years in the periods
then ended and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2020 and 2019, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Going
concern uncertainty 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in note 7 to the financial statements, The Company incurred net loss of 28,137 during the year ended September 30, 2020 and has
accumulated losses of 192,312. The Company s current assets exceed its current liabilities by 13,329 at September 30,
2020. These factors create an uncertainty as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in note 7. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

Denver,
Colorado 

December
8, 2020 

aj@ajrobbins.com 

400
South Colorado Blvd, Suite 870, Denver, Colorado 80246 

(B)303-537-5898
(M)720-339-5566 (F)303-586-6261 

F- 3 

YUMMIES,
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2021 AND 2020 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Assets 

Current
 Assets: 

Cash
 and Bank 

Other
 receivables 

Other
 receivables related party 

Total
 current assets 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Equity 

Current
 Liabilities: 

Notes
 payable, stockholders 
 -- 
 
 -- 

Total
 current liabilities 
 -- 
 
 -- 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Stockholders 
 Equity: 

Preferred stock par value, shares authorized, - - and - - issued and outstanding 
 -- 
 
 -- 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

YUMMIES,
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

YEARS
ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Year
 Ended 
 Year
 Ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Revenues
 related party 
 -- 

Expenses,
 general and administrative 

Operating
 loss 

Other
 income (expense): 

Interest
 income / (expense) 
 -- 

Income
 (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision
 for income taxes 
 -- 
 
 -- 

Net
 loss 

Net
 loss per share 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

YUMMIES,
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

YEARS
ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Additional 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance,
 September 30, 2019 

Contribution
 by shareholder for company expenses paid directly by shareholder 
 -- 
 -- 

-- 

Net
 loss for the year ended September 30, 2019 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 -- 

Addition
 paid in capital 

-- 
 
 -- 

Balance,
 September 30, 2020 

Contribution
 by shareholder for company expenses paid directly by shareholder 
 -- 
 -- 

-- 

Net
 loss for the year ended September 30, 2021 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 -- 

Additional
 paid in capital 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 

Balance,
 September 30, 2021 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

YUMMIES,
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

YEARS
ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Year
 Ended 
 Year
 Ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to cash provided by operating activities: 

Increase
 in other receivables 

Decrease
 in accounts payable 
 -- 

Net
 cash used by operating activities 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Issuance
 (repayment) of note payable 
 -- 
 
 -- 

Issuance
 of common stock 
 -- 

Contribution
 from shareholder 

Net
 cash generated from financing activities 

Net
 (decrease) / increase in cash 

Cash,
 beginning of period 

Cash,
 end of period 

Supplemental
 disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest
 paid 
 -- 
 
 -- 

Income
 taxes paid 
 -- 
 
 -- 

Note
 payable and interest payable forgiven by stockholders 
 -- 
 
 -- 

Interest
 payable forgiven by transfer agent 
 -- 
 
 -- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 7 

YUMMIES,
INC. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 8 

F- 9 

and from a consulting project with another Company owned and controlled by its largest stockholder, officer and director. The revenue was for consulting for seminar event held in a hotel room. The total amount earned is an account receivable at year end and remains uncollected as of the audit date. 

shares to shares and the par value was changed from to per share. The change
has been reflected retroactively in the accompanying financial statements. In addition, the Company authorized the issuance of
 shares of preferred stock having a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2020, no preferred shares have
been issued. 

shares of its common stock at
a price of per share for an aggregate price of . Issuance costs of were offset against additional paid
in capital in the accompanying financial statements. 

shares of its . par value common stock for an aggregate price of . 

shares of its . par value common stock for an aggregate price of . 

State
 income taxes 
 -- 
 
 -- 

Deferred
 Benefit from net operating loss 
 -- 
 
 -- 

-- 

F- 10 

State
 minimum tax 
 -- 
 
 -- 

Valuation
 allowance 
 -- 

Tax
 Provision 
 -- 
 
 -- 

that may be offset against future federal income taxes. If not used, 

during the fiscal year ended September
30, 2021 and accumulated losses of since inception at June 11, 1998. The Company s current assets exceed its current
liabilities by at September 30, 2021. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the
success of raising additional capital through the issuance of common stock and the ability to generate sufficient operating revenue.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a
going concern. 

F- 11 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 December 23, 2021 
 YUMMIES,
 INC. 

/s/
 Wei-Hsien Lin 

Name:
 
 Wei-Hsien
 Lin 

Title: 
 President 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature

Title

Date

/s/
 Wei-Hsien Lin 
 
 President,
 Treasurer, Secretary and Director 
 
 December 23, 2021 
 
 Wei-Hsien
 Lin 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Chi-Yin Lee 
 
 Director 
 
 December 23, 2021 
 
 Chi-Yin
 Lee 

/s/
 Yu-Jo Liao 
 
 Director 
 
 December 23, 2021 
 
 Yu-Jo
 Liao 

20 

<EX-31>
 2
 f10k2021ex31_yummiesinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1/31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Wei-Hsien Lin, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Yummies, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 23, 2021 

/s/ Wei-Hsien Lin 

Wei-Hsien Lin 

President 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 f10k2021ex32_yummiesinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.1/32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Wei-Hsien Lin,
the President of YUMMIES, INC. (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 (the Report ), fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. Information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this statement this 23th day of December, 2021. 

/s/ Wei-Hsien Lin 

Wei-Hsien Lin 

President 

(Principal Executive Officer and 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Yummies, Inc. and will be retained by Yummies, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 yumm-20210930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 yumm-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 yumm-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 yumm-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 yumm-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

