<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211223_10-K_edgar_data_1568385_0001493152-21-032437.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17582327</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>480509</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>996242</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7691582</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4316927</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3218330</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-032437.hdr.sgml : 20211223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211223172610
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-032437
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bright Mountain Media, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001568385
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				272977890
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54887
		FILM NUMBER:		211518188

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6400 CONGRESS AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2050
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-998-2440

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6400 CONGRESS AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2050
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bright Mountain Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140729

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bright Mountain Holdings, Inc./FL
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130131

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-032437.txt : 20211223

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-K 

(MARK
ONE) 

ANNUAL REORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM __TO__ 

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER: 000-54887 

BRIGHT
MOUNTAIN MEDIA, INC. 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Florida 
 
 27-2977890 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

6400
Congress Avenue, Suite 2050, Boca Raton, Florida 33487 

 (Address
of principal executive offices)(Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 561-998-2440 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 Not
 applicable 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
stock, par value 0.01 per share 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.4.05 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not 229.405 of this chapter) contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large - accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large- accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was sold, or the average bid and asked prices of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed third fiscal quarter 30,855,999 on September 30, 2021. 

As
of November 17, 2021 we had 150,619,286 shares of our common stock issued and 149,794,111 shares of our common stock
outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 8 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 17 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 27 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 30 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 40 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 40 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 43 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 44 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 49 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 51 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 53 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 54 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits Financial Statement Schedules 
 55 

2 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

General 

Unless
specifically set forth to the contrary, when used in this report the terms Bright Mountain, the Company, 
 we, our, us, and similar terms refers to Bright Mountain Media, Inc., a Florida corporation,
and our subsidiaries. In addition, fourth quarter of 2020 refers to the three months ended December 31, 2020, 2020 
refers to the year ended December 31, 2020, fourth quarter of 2019 refers to the three months ended December 31, 2019,
and 2019 refers to the year ending December 31, 2019. 

Unless
specifically set forth to the contrary, the information which appears on our website at www.brightmountainmedia.com is not part of this
report. 

Restatement
Background 

As
described in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 31, 2021,
the Company and the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Audit Committee concluded that, because
of errors identified in the Company s previously issued financial statements, the Company is restating its financial statements
as of and for the year ended December 31, 2019 and for each of the quarterly periods ended September 30, 2019, March 31, 2020, June 30,
2020 and September 30, 2020, (collectively, the Prior Period Financial Statements in its Form 10-K, for the year
ended December 31, 2020. 

These
errors were identified during the course of the audit with respect to the Company s financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2020, as well as during preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have determined that these errors were the result of a
material weakness in internal control over financial reporting that is reported in management s report on internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2020 in Part II, Item 9A, Controls and Procedures of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

The
restated Prior Period Financial Statements correct the following errors (the Restatement Items ): 

a. Finder s
 Fee accrual The Company maintains a Finder s Agreement with Spartan Capital
 Securities LLC Spartan Capital to identify and assist in business combinations,
 including any merger, acquisition or sale of stock or assets in connection with a merger
 or acquisition of other businesses. Upon closing of any such transaction, the Company shall
 pay an agreed fee relative to the consideration paid or received by the Company (the finder s
 fee ). There were two errors: i) the Company incorrectly used 3 instead of 5 to calculate
 the final finders fee; and ii) the Company determined that the consideration amount
 for the acquisition of MediaHouse was overstated and affected the finders fee
 calculation (refer to c below). 

The result of the correction as of and
for the year ended December 31, 2019, related to the MediaHouse acquisition was that upon acquisition closing, accrued expense
liability was increased by 1,007,921 with a corresponding increase in operating expenses. Accrued expense liability and accumulated
deficit were also corrected in the respective quarters ended March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, and September 30, 2020. 

b. Common
 Stock issued in Oceanside acquisition In connection with the Oceanside acquisition
 in August 2019, the Company issued an incorrect number of shares of Company common stock
 as consideration as it used a preliminary purchase price. Upon management s re-evaluation
 of the purchase price, the number of shares issued in connection with the Oceanside acquisition
 increased by 382,428 resulting in a correction and increase in goodwill, common stock, and
 additional paid-in capital in the amounts of 611,885, 3,824, and 608,058, respectively,
 at September 30, 2019. 

3 

c. Common
 Stock issued in MediaHouse acquisition Upon re-evaluation of the final MediaHouse
 acquisition agreement, the Company noted the following corrections: 

There
was a miscalculation of the fair value of the warrants to be issued as part of consideration in the amount of 3,829,889 due to the conversion
of bridge loan and open lines of credit, as well as a valuation adjustment. Further, the change in intangible assets valuation was
mainly driven by the use of a more updated forecast that was lower than the original forecast utilized along with an increase in the Company s state effective rate used to record deferred tax
assets and liabilities resulted in an increase to the deferred tax liability of 836,363 which was fully offset by an adjustment to the
tax provision to adjust the Company s valuation allowance. The decrease of the valuation allowance was recorded as a benefit in
the tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

Additionally,
in connection with the MediaHouse acquisition in November 2019, the Company issued shares of Company common stock to certain of MediaHouse s
investors as part of the consideration paid. During September 2020, the Company determined that one investor had been issued an incorrect
number of shares as the result of a transposition mistake; the investor should have been issued 840,000 shares but was incorrectly issued
480,000 shares. This error resulted in a shortfall of shares of 360,000 valued at 590,400. In addition, another investor was not issued
his shares in a timely manner amounting to 19,029 shares of the Company s common stock valued at 31,208. 

Upon management s re-evaluation
of the MediaHouse acquisition and the number of shares issued as consideration, the number of shares increased by 379,029 resulting in
a correction and increase in Goodwill of 621,608, increase to Common stock of 3,790 and an increase to Additional paid in capital
of 617,818 at December 31, 2019. 

The
reduction in the warrant valuation and equity corrections resulted in a reduction in consideration of 3,208,282). The components in
the change in consideration were: (1) reduction
in warrant valuation of 3,829,889 and an increase in goodwill for two (2) investor equity corrections adding 621,608. 

d. Goodwill
 and intangible assets impact of additional share issuance and correction, respectably, of
 MediaHouse and Oceanside acquisitions In connection with the re-evaluation of
 the Oceanside and MediaHouse acquisitions described in letters b and c 
 above, the Company also re-evaluated the impairment charge it had recorded during the three
 and nine months ended September 30, 2020 (see Note 10). As a result of this re-evaluation,
 the impairment charge was increased by 4,769,472 for the three and nine months ended September
 30, 2020. The net increase is composed of an increase in impairment charge of 4,935,356
 related to intangible assets and a decrease in impairment charge of 165,884 related to Goodwill. 

e. Share-based
 compensation from Oceanside acquisition As part of the Oceanside acquisition,
 the Company assumed a local employee and contractor option plan and converted it to the Company s
 existing equity compensation plan utilizing the existing vesting dates at the time of the
 acquisition. The option holders were two (2) classes of individuals: (1) employees and (2)
 contractors. The pre-acquisition Oceanside options ceased to exist as of the acquisition
 date and all outstanding and unvested options for these two groups were converted using the
 agreed exchange ratio. In re-evaluating the transaction as part of the errors noted above,
 management concluded the Company did not record stock compensation expense for the local
 employees and contractors since the acquisition. 

The
result of the correction of the adjustment was an increase to share-based compensation and accrued expenses as follows: 36,355 for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2019, 152,571 for the year ended December 31, 2019, 98,261 for the three months ended
March 31, 2020, 91,534 and 189,795 for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, respectively, and 88,155 and 277,950 for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2020, respectively. 

f. Penalty
 accrual for untimely registration statement filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 SEC During fiscal years 2018 and 2019, the Company sold units
 of its securities to various investors in several private placements. As part of each private
 placement, the Company agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC to register the
 resale of the shares by the respective holder in order to permit the public resale; such
 filing deadlines ranged from 120 to 270 days following the closing date of the respective
 placement and the Company was liable to pay a penalty fee for failure to file the resale
 registration statement within the allotted timeframe. The penalty fee is payable in cash
 and is equal to 2 of the aggregate purchase price paid by the respective investor for each
 30 days until the earlier of the date the deficiency was cured or the expiration of 6 months
 from filing deadline. 

4 

The
Company did not timely file the resale registration statements pertaining to three private placements made in fiscal years 2018 and 2019
and as a result was liable for penalties beginning in the fourth quarter of 2019 on the first two placements and the third quarter of
2020 on the third placement. These penalty fees were not properly recorded as an expense with an offset to accrued liability in their
respective accounting period. 

The correction resulted in an increase
in accrued liability of 109,200 as of December 31, 2019 with a corresponding offset to selling, general and administrative
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2019 and which remains as a liability as of March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, and September
30, 2020 for the first two placements, and an increase of selling, general and administrative expenses and corresponding accrued
liability in the additional amount of 76,856 as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020, relating to the
third placement. As of September 30, 2020, the accumulated liability totaled 186,056. 

g. Preferred
 stock dividends Between August 2, 2019, and December 23, 2019, a related party
 purchased an aggregate of 1,200,000 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock at a purchase price
 of 0.50 per share. Series A-1 Preferred Stock pays dividends at the rate of 10 per annum;
 dividends are cumulative and payable in cash monthly in arrears within fifteen (15) days
 after the end of the month. (See Note 14). It was subsequently determined that the 2020 dividends
 on these shares were calculated incorrectly due to a mathematical error in the computation
 and were incorrectly reported. 

The correction resulted in a reduction
of accrued dividends payable and an increase in additional paid-in capital amounting to 29,119 as of March 31, 2020, 88,157
as of June 30, 2020, and 177,330 as of September 30, 2020. 

h. Common
 stock issued for investor relations agreement The Company entered into an investor
 relations consulting agreement with MZ Group MZ in January 2020 for a period
 of 12 months. As part of compensation for these services, the Company agreed to issue 60,000
 shares of Company common stock to MZ at 1.50 per share in May 2020 totaling 90,000 and
 recorded it during March 2020 and failed to properly record a prepaid expense and a corresponding
 accrued expense for share issuance liability in the amount of 114,000, using a 1.90 per
 share price from January 2020 when the contract was signed. Consequently, the Company failed
 to i) record the share issuance that ultimately occurred in May 2020 and ii) amortize the
 prepaid expense monthly over the 12-month term of the contract. 

The
correction of this error as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2020, resulted in the following adjustments: accrued expenses
increased by 114,000, additional paid-in capital decreased by 89,400, common stock decreased by 600, prepaid expenses and other current
assets increased by 85,500, and selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 61,500. The correction of this error
as of and for the three months ended June 30, 2020, resulted in the following adjustments: accrued expenses decreased by 114,000,
additional paid-in capital increased by 113,400, common stock increased by 600, prepaid expenses and other current assets decreased
by 28,500, selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 28,500. The correction of this error as of and for the
three months ended September 30, 2020, resulted in the following adjustments: prepaid expenses and other current assets decreased by
 28,500, selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 28,500. For the six months ended June 30, 2020, the adjustment
was 57,000 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2020, the adjustment was 85,500. 

i. M A
 Advisory Fee During November 2019, the Company signed a placement agent agreement
 with Spartan Capital to raise funds for funding of the Company. Earlier, during July 2019,
 the Company signed an M A advisory agreement that had a 250,000 fee that contemplated
 the provision of consulting services related to potential M A transactions, including,
 but not limited to valuations, transaction terms and structures, evaluation and due diligence
 of candidate business, and other. The 250,000 fee would be deducted from the private placement
 closings once a minimum of 1.5 million of net funds were received by the Company. This agreement
 became effective as of the closing date of the sale of units in the private placement resulting
 in net proceeds to the Company of at least 1.5 million and had a duration of 60 months.
 By the 3rd closing of the private placement during March 2020, the Company realized the minimum
 net proceeds requirement of 1.5 million and the 250,000 fee was deducted from the net proceeds
 to the Company. In accounting for this transaction, the Company did not correctly capitalize
 the 250,000 fee as a prepaid asset in March 2020 when it became probable that the amount
 would be owed, subject to amortization over the remaining contractual term of 43 months. 

5 

The correction of this error resulted
in an increase to prepaid expenses of 250,000 as of March 31, 2020, and a corresponding decrease in other expense for the three months
ended March 31, 2020. In addition, the correction of this error resulted in an increase in other expenses and corresponding decrease
in prepaid expenses for the amortization of 5,814, 17,442, and 17,442 for the three months ended March 31, 2020, June
30, 2020, and September 30, 2020, respectively. The cumulative effect of this correction resulted in an increase in other expenses and
a corresponding decrease in prepaid expenses of 5,814, 23,256 and 40,698 as of March 31, 2020, as of June 30, 2020, and as
of September 30, 2020, respectively. 

j. Other
 Adjustments In addition, the Company has corrected other adjustments. While some
 of these other adjustments may be quantitatively immaterial, individually and in the aggregate,
 because the Company is correcting for the material errors above, management has decided to
 correct these other adjustments as well Other Adjustments ): 

Due to utilization of
more updated forecasts, quarterly amortization expense on intangible assets (trademarks, customer lists, IP technology and non-compete
agreements) decreased by 24,423 in the three months ended March 31, 2020, decreased 6,348 in the three months ended June
30, 2020, and increased 29,802 in the three months ended September 30, 2020, to reflect the changes in the intangible assets
valuation. For the six months ended June 30, 2020, the amortization expense decreased 30,771 and for the nine months ended September
30, 2020, the amortization expense decreased 969. 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses and accrued liabilities decreased by 87,670 as of and for the three months ended March
 31, 2020, to correct an error relating to previously recorded professional services provided to Oceanside during 2019. 

Audit
 related items: 

Audit
 adjustments 

Elimination
 entry corrections 

Accounts
 receivable, net adjustment and/or reclasses 

Accounts
 payable adjustments and/or reclasses 

Accrued
 expenses adjustments and/or reclasses used. 

k. Tax
 effect The Company assessed the tax impact of the above restatement items, including
 any impact to deferred tax asset and liabilities. The Company determined that the impact
 of the changes for the finder s fees (a), goodwill (d), share-based compensation (e),
 penalty accrual (f), preferred dividends (g) and common stock issued for investor relations
 agreement would be permanent book/tax differences, therefore had no impact on the income
 tax provision or any tax assets and liabilities, current or deferred. 

l. Closing
 notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition - As part of the acquisition, the
 treatment of the Closing notes totaling 750,000 was incorrectly recorded and per ASC 805-30-55
 was determined to be compensation expense to be recognized ratably over the 24-month
 term of the Notes. As such, starting in September 2019 and concluding in August 2021, 31,250
 per month will be charged to compensation expense and a corresponding accrued liability will
 be recorded until the full amount of the 750,000 is reflected on the balance sheet. As
 of August 15, 2020, the Company did not make payment on the 1 st closing notes
 and thereby defaulted on its obligation and the 2 nd closing note accelerated to
 become payable as of August 15, 2020. Upon default, the closing notes accrue interest at
 a 1.5 per month rate, or 18 annual rate. As a result, there was an incremental total charge
 of 300,672 recorded during 2020 which was 250,000 of additional compensation expense and
 50,672 of interest expense-related party. 

m. Deferred
 revenue As part of the audit in 2019, it was determined that 156,529 of recorded
 revenue needed to be reclassified into deferred revenue as part of the review of FASB
 ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. 

n. Reversal
 of gain on legal settlement 
 The Company determined that during Q3 2020, it recorded incorrectly a non-cash gain on a
 legal settlement that involved the repurchase of 550,117 Treasury shares of 935,408. The
 treatment was incorrect and did not follow the appropriate accounting guidance, ASC 505-30-25-2
 and the Company corrected for this error. The net effect on Shareholder s equity is
 neutral as the accumulated deficit increase was offset entirely by the decreased Treasury
 share value. 

Restatement and Recasting of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K restates amounts included in the Company s previously issued financial statements as of and for the
years ended December 31, 2019 and for each of the quarterly periods ended September 30, 2019, March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020 and September
30, 2020, in its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

See
Note 2, Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements, in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data for additional information. To further review the effects of the accounting errors identified and the restatement
adjustments, see Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Previously
filed annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the periods affected by the restatement have not been amended.
Accordingly, investors should no longer rely upon the Company s previously released financial statements for these periods and
any earnings releases or other communications relating to these periods, and, for these periods, investors should rely solely on the
financial statements and other financial data for the relevant periods included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Note 21, Unaudited
Quarterly Financial Data and Restatement of Previously Issued Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, for
the impact of these adjustments on the third quarter of 2019 and the first three quarters of 2020. 

Internal
Control Considerations 

In
connection with the restatement, our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting ICFR ).
Based on this assessment, management identified several material weaknesses in our ICFR, resulting in the conclusion by our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer that our ICFR and our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2020.
Management is taking steps to remediate the material weakness in our ICFR, as described in Part II, Item 9A, Controls and Procedures. 

See
Part II, Item 9A, Controls and Procedures, for additional information related to the identified material weakness in ICFR
and the related remediation measures. 

6 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

This
report includes forward-looking statements that relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially
from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Words
such as, but not limited to, believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, 
 plan, targets, likely, aim, will, would, could, 
and similar expressions or phrases identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our
current expectations and future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operation,
business strategy and financial needs. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about risks associated
with: 

our
 ability to fully develop the Bright Mountain Media Ad Exchange Network and services platform; 

the
 continued appeal of internet advertising; 

our
 ability to manage and expand our relationships with publishers; 

our
 dependence on revenues from a limited number of customers; 

the
 impact of seasonal fluctuations on our revenues; 

acquisitions
 of new businesses and our ability to integrate those businesses into our operations; 

online
 security breaches; 

failure
 to effectively promote our brand and attract advertisers; 

our
 ability to protect our content; 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property rights; 

the
 success of our technology development efforts; 

additional
 competition resulting from our business expansion strategy; 

our
 dependence on third party service providers; 

our
 ability to detect advertising fraud; 

liability
 related to content which appears on our websites; 

regulatory
 risks and compliance with privacy laws; 

dependence
 on executive officers and certain key employees and consultants; 

our
 ability to hire qualified personnel; 

possible
 problems with our network infrastructure; 

ongoing
 material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting; 

the
 impact on available working capital resulting from the payment of cash dividends to our affiliates; 

dilution
 to existing shareholders upon the conversion of outstanding preferred stock and convertible notes and/or the exercise of outstanding
 options and warrants, including warrants with cashless exercise rights; 

the
 illiquid nature of our common stock; 

risks
 associated with securities litigation; and 

provisions
 of our charter and Florida law which may have anti-takeover effects 

You
should read thoroughly this report and the documents that we refer to herein with the understanding that our actual future results may
be materially different from and/or worse than what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements
including those made in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors appearing elsewhere in this report. Other sections of this report include additional
factors, which could adversely impact our business and financial performance. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not
possible for our management to predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to
which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements. Except for our ongoing obligations to disclose material information under the Federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation
to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report events or to report the occurrence of unanticipated events.
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, and you should not rely on these statements without also considering
the risks and uncertainties associated with these statements and our business. 

7 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Bright
Mountain Media, Inc. is engaged in operating a proprietary, end-to-end digital media and advertising services platform designed to connect
brand advertisers with demographically-targeted consumers both large audiences and more granular segments across digital,
social and connected television (CTV) publishing formats. We define end-to-end as our process for taking ad buying from
beginning to end, delivering a complete functional solution, usually without requiring any involvement from a third party. 

Through
acquisitions and organic software development initiatives, we have consolidated and plan to further condense key elements of the prevailing
digital advertising supply chain through the elimination of industry middlemen and/or costly redundancy of services. Our
aim is to enable and support a streamlined, end-to-end advertising model that addresses both demand (ad buy side) and supply (media sell
side) for both direct sales teams and programmatic sales and publishing of digital advertisements that reach specific target audiences
based on what, where, when and how that specific target audience elects to access certain web and/or streaming video content. Programmatic
advertising relies on computer programs to use data and proprietary algorithms to select which ads to buy and for what price, while direct
sales involves traditional interpersonal contact between ad buyers and advertising sales representative(s). 

By
selling advertisements on our current portfolio of 20 owned and operated websites and 13 CTV apps, coupled with acquisition or
development of other niche web properties in the future, we are building depth in specific demographic verticals that allow us to package
audiences into targeted consumer categories valued by advertisers. 

We
currently own parenting and lifestyle domains CafeMom, Mom.com, LittleThings, Revelist, BabyNameWizard and MamasLatinas. Our diverse
digital publishing website portfolio averages more than 100 million page views per month. These particular web assets are the foundation
of one of Bright Mountain Media s audiences women between the ages of 19-54, which we believe appeal to brands focused
on marketing consumer products and providing products and services relating to parenting, insurance, mortgages, health, lifestyle and
travel, among others. Major brands on our platform connecting with consumers using our parenting and lifestyle domains include Amazon,
Target, Disney, Unilever, Clorox and Warner Brothers. 

When
advertisers leverage our end-to-end platform for serving ads on web and CTV apps we own and operate, Bright Mountain Media retains 100 
of the advertising dollars spent for the ads, also referred to as advertising spend. 

8 

Market
Challenge: 

Current
Advertising Model Reliant on Digital Advertising Supply Chain 

According
to eMarketer, U.S. digital ad spending surpassed traditional media spending in 2019 and is projected to reach over two-thirds of total
media spending by 2023. With the migration of ad dollars to mobile devices, desktops and connected televisions, the digital advertising
supply chain has evolved into a fragmented and complex ecosystem, forcing ad buyers to contend with hundreds, if not thousands, of touch
points. Consequently, numerous specialized product and service providers now populate the ecosystem, standing in between brands and ad
agencies and publishers and their media. Key players in the prevailing supply chain, whom we will refer to as middlemen, 
include: 

Advertiser
 ad servers : direct ads to their designated place in a publisher s inventory when the correct impression opportunity is
 available. 

Ad
 networks : networks of relationships established between the buy and sell side to make the ad buying process easier and to expose
 more inventory and purchasing opportunities. 

Ad
 exchanges : a web of ad networks, enabling real-time bidding transactions through a single source. 

Demand
 side platforms (DSPs) : a platform that executes programmatic media buying, a form of buying in which inventory is purchased real-time
 to show one specific ad to one consumer in one individual context including determining which media, how much to buy and
 at what price. Ad placement is bought on an individual impression basis, as opposed to being bought per thousand impressions (CPM).

Supply
 side platforms (SSPs) : a platform that serves a similar function to a DSP, but on the sell side. It is a platform which publishers
 use to facilitate real-time bidding, as well as some direct buys. Its goal is to help advertisers purchase impressions more efficiently. 

Trading
 desks : the programmatic buying arm of an agency that aggregates programmatic, auction-based inventory across various DSPs and
 ad exchanges. 

Private
 marketplaces : an invitation-only marketplace that gives agency buyers access to premium inventory while using automated or programmatic
 buying methods to purchase faster, thus eliminating the RFP and negotiation process. 

Data
 management platforms (DMPs) : a platform which stores, organizes and analyzes first- and third-party data to discover and reach
 target audiences. It then applies in-depth measurement to optimize media buying and creatives. 

Media
 management platforms: working alongside all the players in the ecosystem, media management companies provide tools to manage campaigns,
 automating every step of the advertising workflow, including planning, buying, analyzing, optimizing and invoicing. 

Measurement
 and analytics providers : these players aggregate and organize data so that marketers can get a holistic view of the campaign
 metrics they care most about. 

Data
 providers : they provide insight across the spectrum, from audience to pricing, so that marketers may make better ad buying decisions.
 Data is specifically used for targeting, segmentation, identification, verification and more. 

Aside
from frustration caused by managing so many disparate services and providers, advertisers face challenges that can be difficult to address
within the prevailing ecosystem. For instance, advertisers may have difficulty ascertaining the value they receive for the ad dollars
spent and/or lack certainty on how best to mitigate advertising fraud. Many advertisers may not have the resources necessary to neutralize
or lessen the impact of ad-blocking software or have control over where their advertisements actually appear on the web. 

9 

Downstream,
publishers may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to support their web pages and/or overall operations after the middlemen are
paid their fees. (See Current Advertising Model graphic below.) 

The
Solution: 

Optimizing
the Digital Advertising Supply Chain 

Through
Bright Mountain Media s technology-driven platform, the supply chain is consolidated and condensed into a streamlined, end-to-end
solution providing ad buyers and publishers with a sole source capable of delivering products and services to meet their respective needs
and objectives without reliance on third-party providers. (See Optimizing the Supply Chain graphic below) 

10 

Building
Our Platform 

Since
our founding in 2010, Bright Mountain Media has operated as a digital media holding company for websites primarily targeting the military
and public safety sectors, including active, reserve and retired military; law enforcement; first responders and other public safety
employees. In addition to our corporate website, we own and/or manage a portfolio of websites customized to provide our target users
with products, information and news that we believe may be of interest to them. In addition, up until December 2018, we operated ecommerce
businesses, which we exited to focus exclusively on evolving our business into a full service digital media and advertising services
and solutions company. Since August 2019, we have completed and vertically integrated three acquisitions as part of our business plan: 

S W
 Media, which we subsequently rebranded as Oceanside Media. 

News
 Distribution Network, which we subsequently rebranded as MediaHouse 

CL
 Media Holdings, d/b/a Wild Sky Media 

As
consumers shift from traditional cable boxes to Internet-enabled devices and smart televisions, advertising budgets are following. CTV/OTT
apps are presenting the opportunity for publishers to not only diversify revenue streams and capitalize on an influx of high CPM ad spends,
but also to increase distribution by getting in front of a growing audience on numerous platforms. Leveraging Oceanside s proprietary
streaming technology; CTV/Over-the-Top (OTT) app development and monetization experience; and 13 CTV/OTT apps offered on ROKU, Apple
TV, Amazon Fire and Android TV; Bright Mountain Media has become a one-stop-shop helping existing publishers, content creators and influencers
access connected TV marketing opportunities via our SSP, We enable digital advertisers reach engaged digital TV audiences while telling
their brands stories in video formats and aligning their brands with direct premium vertical video content. Our focus is in developing
proprietary video content for specific verticals; distribution of that content; and securing deals with OTT companies providing for the
pre-installation of our CTV/OTT apps on web-enabled televisions or through an Internet-enabled device, such as ROKU or Apple TV, connected
to a conventional television. 

Through
MediaHouse, Bright Mountain Media provides data-driven technology solutions for the syndication and monetization of contextually relevant,
personalized premium video content. We have aggregated a digital audience which provides advertisers with near certainty in reaching
their target demographics We address the demand for premium video by creating hundreds of millions of new video streams and impression
opportunities across the desirable publishing destinations in the United States. Our code has been embedded in nearly 5,000 premium newspaper,
news media, magazine, television and radio websites, providing our Company with insight into the intersection of how a user is consuming
and engaging in a web page, video content and advertising data that our ad buyers use to make educated buying decisions. 

Through
Wild Sky Media, we own and operate parenting and lifestyle brands CafeMom, Mom.com, LittleThings, Revelist, BabyNameWizard and MamasLatinas.
This portfolio of established multimedia websites is enabling Bright Mountain Media to build the next generation of brands that women
can identify with while providing advertisers with a packaged target audience to market a broad range of premium branded products and
services. 

Our
cloud-based platform also provides advertisers with additional built-in services including campaign planning and execution, data integration,
optimization, ad placement verification, cross-device targeting and fraud detection, among other functions. 

Moving
forward, we plan to continue seeking complementary companies and technologies to acquire with a primary focus on DSPs, SSPs, ad exchanges,
ad servers and DMPs. In addition, we plan to continue to implement organic growth initiatives centered on the design and development
of software products that we believe will enhance and support our expanding platform and business operations all capabilities
that we believe will increase revenues and improve gross profit margin on sales. 

We
believe that our advertisers benefit from the high level of granularity, transparency and accountability our platform provides for their
ad campaigns and marketing budgets. Publishers, including our owned and operated websites and CTV apps, benefit from capturing a larger
share of the total ad spend. 

11 

Industry
Outlook 

In
February 2019, eMarketer published a report in which the market research firm noted that US digital ad spending is expected to achieve
17.0 growth this year, increasing to 151.3 billion (pre-COVID). (See Digital Ad Spending in the US, 2018-2023 chart inset below.) 

However,
in June 2020, eMarketers revised its earlier forecast in a report titled US Digital Ad Spending Update Q2 2020, decreasing
its previous expectation from 17 growth in 2020 to 1.7 , rising to 134.7 billion for the year. (See How Has the Forecast for Digital
Ad Spending in the US Changes? 2019-2024 chart inset below.) 

12 

In
another recent study, published by Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) in September 2020 and titled 2020-21 Covid Impact on Advertising, 
the report reflected that digital ad spending may actually expand 6 , while traditional media advertising will decline 30 , indicating
digital s market share is growing as a result of the global coronavirus pandemic. 

Bernstein
Research, a Wall Street brokerage and research firm, released a report in August 2020 is even more bullish on the market, suggesting
that digital ad spend may have turned the corner from March-April lows and current trends are pointing towards a long promised 
migration of 70 billion from the television ad market to digital channels, with a 13 year-on-year uptick expected in the second half
of 2020. Source: https://menafn.com/1100658712/Digital-ads-poised-for-13-YoY-uptick-long-promised-migration-from-linear-TV-Report 

Intellectual
Property 

We
currently rely on a combination of trade secret laws and restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. Our
success depends on the protection of the proprietary aspects of our technology as well as our ability to operate without infringing on
the proprietary rights of others. We also enter into proprietary information and confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants
and commercial partners and control access to, and distribution of, our software documentation and other proprietary information. 

Technology
and Product Platforms (including URL s) 

Our
top technical priority is the fast and reliable delivery of pages and ads to our users. Our systems are designed to handle traffic and
network growth. We rely on multiple tiers of redundancy / failover and third-party content delivery network to achieve our goal of 24
hours-a-day, seven-days-a-week Website uptime. Regular automated backups protect the integrity of our data. Our servers are continuously
monitored by numerous third-party and open-source monitoring and alerting tools. 

Discontinued
Operations 

Historically,
we generated revenues from two segments, our advertising segment and our product sales segment. Revenues from the product sales segment
included revenues from two of our websites that operate as e-commerce platforms, including Bright Watches and Black Helmet, as well as
Bright Watches retail location. During 2018 we began to de-emphasize our product sales segment as we placed more emphasis on our
advertising segment. Management, prior to December 31, 2018, with the appropriate level of authority, determined to discontinue the operations
of Black Helmet and Bright Watches effective December 31, 2018. 

The
decision to exit all components of our product segment have resulted in these businesses being accounted for as discontinued operations.
We recorded a loss, net of income taxes, of 136,734 in 2019 for the discontinued operations. There were no discontinued operations for
the year ended December 31, 2020. 

During
2019, we aggressively marketed the remaining Bright Watches inventory in an effort to liquidate such inventory as quickly as possible.
In addition, in March 2019 we sold the assets which were used in our Black Helmet apparel E-Commerce business to an unaffiliated third
party for 175,000, of which 20,000 was paid at closing and the balance is payable under the terms of a promissory note in the principal
amount of 155,000 and bearing interest at 15 per annum. The note is secured by a guarantee of the principal of the purchaser. As of
December 31, 2020 and 2019, 12,917 of principal and 7,451 of interest remains outstanding and 38,750 of principal and 6,312 of interest
remained outstanding, respectively. 

Technology 

Our
top technical priority is the fast and reliable delivery of pages and ads to our users. Our systems are designed to handle traffic and
network growth. We rely on multiple tiers of redundancy/failover and third-party content delivery network to achieve our goal of 24 hours,
seven-days-a-week Website uptime. Regular automated backups protect the integrity of our data. Our servers are continuously monitored
by numerous third-party and open-source monitoring and alerting tools. 

13 

Competition 

The
internet and industries that operate through it are intensely competitive. We compete with other companies that have significantly greater
financial, technical, marketing, and distribution resources. Our competitors include Verizon Media, AppNexus, The Arena Group,
and Praetorian Digital. 

Most
of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and distribution resources as well as greater experience
in the industry than we have. There are no assurances we will ever be able to effectively compete in our marketplace. Our websites, ad
technology, and monetization solutions may not be competitive with other technologies and/or our websites, ad technology, and monetization
solutions may be displaced by newer technology. If this happens, our sales and revenues will likely decline. In addition, our current
and potential competitors may establish cooperative relationships with larger companies, to gain access to greater development or marketing
resources. Competition may result in price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share. 

Customers 

Our
customers are various advertisers, advertising agencies and advertising service organizations all seeking to have their respective advertisements
placed on one of the many platforms serviced by the Company. 

Regulatory
Environment 

Interest-based
advertising, or the use of data to draw inferences about a user s interests and deliver relevant advertising to that user, has
come under increasing scrutiny by legislative, regulatory, and self- regulatory bodies in the United States and abroad that focus on
consumer protection or data privacy. In particular, this scrutiny has focused on the use of cookies and other technology to collect or
aggregate information about Internet users online browsing activity. Because we, and our clients, rely upon large volumes of such
data collected primarily through cookies, it is essential that we monitor developments in this area domestically and globally, and engage
in responsible privacy practices, including providing consumers with notice of the types of data we collect and how we use that data
to provide our services. 

We
provide this notice through our privacy policy, which can be found on our website at http://www.brightmountainmedia.com. As stated in
our privacy policy, our technology platform does not collect information, such as name, address, or phone number, that can be used directly
to identify a real person, and we take steps not to collect and store such personally identifiable information from any source. Instead,
we rely on IP addresses, geo-location information, and persistent identifiers about Internet users and do not attempt to associate this
data with other data that can be used to identify real people. This type of information is considered personal data in some jurisdictions
or otherwise may be the subject of future legislation or regulation. The definition of personal data varies by country and continues
to evolve in ways that may require us to adapt our practices to avoid violating laws or regulations related to the collection, storage,
and use of consumer data. For example, some European countries consider IP addresses or unique device identifiers to be personal data
subject to heightened legal and regulatory requirements. As a result, our technology platform and business practices must be assessed
regularly in each country in which we do business. 

There
are also a number of specific laws and regulations governing the collection and use of certain types of consumer data relevant to our
business. For example, the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act COPPA ), imposes restrictions on the collection
and use of data about users of child-directed websites. To comply with COPPA, we have taken various steps to implement a system that:
(i) flags seller-identified child-directed sites to buyers, (ii) limits advertisers ability to serve interest-based advertisements,
(iii) helps limit the types of information that our advertisers have access to when placing advertisements on child- directed sites,
and (iv) limits the data that we collect and use on such child-directed sites. 

The
use and transfer of personal data in EU member states is currently governed under the EU Data Protection Directive, which generally prohibits
the transfer of personal data of EU subjects outside of the EU, unless the party exporting the data from the EU implements a compliance
mechanism designed to ensure that the receiving party will adequately protect such data. We have relied on alternative compliance measures,
which are complex, which may be subject to legal challenge, and which directly subject us to regulatory enforcement by data protection
authorities located in the European Union. By relying on these alternative compliance measures, we risk becoming the subject of regulatory
investigations in any of the individual jurisdictions in which we operate. Each such investigation could cost us significant time and
resources, and could potentially result in fines, criminal prosecution, or other penalties. Further, some of these alternative compliance
measures are facing legal challenges, which, if successful, could invalidate the alternative compliance measures that we currently rely
on. It may take us significant time, resources, and effort to restructure our business and/or rely on another legally sufficient compliance
measure. In addition, the European Union has finalized the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became effective
in May 2019. The GDPR sets out higher potential liabilities for certain data protection violations, as well as a greater compliance burden
for us in the course of delivering our solution in Europe; among other requirements, the GDPR obligates companies that process large
amounts of personal data about EU residents to implement a number of formal processes and policies reviewing and documenting the privacy
implications of the development, acquisition, or use of all new products, technologies, or types of data. Further, the European Union
is expected to replace the EU Cookie Directive governing the use of technologies to collect consumer information with the ePrivacy Regulation.
The ePrivacy Regulation propose burdensome requirements around obtaining consent and impose fines for violations that are materially
higher than those imposed under the Cookie Directive. 

14 

The
UK s decision to leave the European Union may add cost and complexity to our compliance efforts. If UK and EU privacy and data
protection laws and regulations diverge, we will be required to implement alternative EU compliance measures and adapt separately to
any new UK requirements. 

Additionally,
our compliance with our privacy policy and our general consumer privacy practices are also subject to review by the Federal Trade Commission,
which may bring enforcement actions to challenge allegedly unfair and deceptive trade practices, including the violation of privacy policies
and representations therein. Certain State Attorneys General may also bring enforcement actions based on comparable state laws or federal
laws that permit state-level enforcement. Outside of the United States, our privacy and data practices are subject to regulation by data
protection authorities and other regulators in the countries in which we do business. 

Beyond
laws and regulations, we are also members of self-regulatory bodies that impose additional requirements related to the collection, use,
and disclosure of consumer data, including the Internet Advertising Bureau IAB ), the Digital Advertising Alliance, the
Network Advertising Initiative, and the Europe Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance. Under the requirements of these self-regulatory
bodies, in addition to other compliance obligations, we provide consumers with notice via our privacy policy about our use of cookies
and other technologies to collect consumer data, and of our collection and use of consumer data to deliver interest-based advertisements.
We also allow consumers to opt-out from the use of data we collect for purposes of interest-based advertising through a mechanism on
our website, linked through our privacy policy as well as through portals maintained by some of these self-regulatory bodies. Some of
these self-regulatory bodies have the ability to discipline members or participants, which could result in fines, penalties, and/or public
censure (which could in turn cause reputational harm). Additionally, some of these self-regulatory bodies might refer violations of their
requirements to the Federal Trade Commission or other regulatory bodies. 

Human
Capital 

Because
of the service character of our business, the quality of personnel is of crucial importance to our continuing success and our employees,
including creative, digital, research, media and account specialists, and their skills and relationships with clients, are among our
most valuable assets. We conduct extensive employee training and development throughout our companies. There is keen competition for
qualified employees. 

As
of November 30, 2021, we had 80 employees, of which 46 were employed in the U.S. and 34 outside of the U.S, in Thailand and Israel. We
also utilize the services of 70 independent contractors who provide content, operational and website services. 

We
employ a balanced approach in managing our human capital resources. Depending on where a human-capital management function is most effective
or efficient, processes are either managed at the holding company or designated to our operating units to adopt strategies appropriate
for their client sector, workforce makeup, talent requirements and business demands. 

15 

The
holding company retains oversight of all human capital resources and activities, setting standards and providing support and policy guidance
and sharing programs. At the corporate center, centralized human capital management processes include development of human resources
governance and policy; executive compensation for senior leaders across the Company; benefits programs; planning focusing on the performance,
development and retention of the Company s senior-most executives and key roles in the operating units; and executive development. 

The
Company sets specific standards for human capital management and, on a yearly basis, assesses each operating unit s performance
in managing and developing its workforce. We undertake human capital initiatives with an aim of ensuring that employees have the high
level of competence and commitment our businesses need to succeed. We formally assess our operating units against their efforts in the
areas of people development, diversity and inclusion, performance management, talent acquisition and organization development in order
to drive or support the units strategic business and growth goals. Accordingly, the operating units create and deploy skills-training
programs, management training, employee goal-setting and feedback platforms, applicant-tracking systems, new-employee onboarding processes,
and other programs intended to enhance the performance and engagement of the workforce. 

Diversity,
Equity and Inclusion are essential priorities for the Company. Our goal is that our talent represents the diversity of our communities
and consumers, with a corporate culture that drives belonging, well-being and growth. We believe that such a workplace will enable us
to provide cultural insights to help our clients make authentic and responsible connections with their customers. The programs we provide
in support of diversity, equity and inclusion include events, training and curated and bespoke content, research and tools, to foster
awareness and action on an array of critical issues that we believe are vital for the recruitment, retention, advancement, well-being
and belonging for people who are part of under-represented groups. 

The
events of the past year have highlighted the importance of providing emotional as well as material support to our employees in these
demanding times. In response to the ongoing COVID-19 public health crisis, we provided increased support for our people. 

History
of our company 

We
were organized as a Florida corporation in 2010 under the name Speyer Investment Advisors, Inc. In 2012, we changed our name to Speyer
Investment Research, Inc. In 2014, as we began building our brand, we changed our name to Bright Mountain Holdings, Inc. and in 2015
we changed our name to Bright Mountain Acquisition Corporation and then to Bright Mountain Media, Inc. as we began implementing our strategy
to transform into a digital media company. During 2018, the Company decided to discontinue its e-commerce product sales segment to focus
entirely on the advertising segment. In 2019 and 2020, we acquired Oceanside, MediaHouse and Wild Sky in the ad network and digital publishing
areas sticking with the strategy to focus on the advertising segment. 

Additional
information concerning the terms of material business combinations can be found in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data, Note 1, Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation and Note 4, Acquisitions . 

Available
Information 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 6400 Congress Avenue, Suite 2050, Boca Raton, FL 33487, our telephone number is (561) 998-2440.
The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those
reports are available free of charge through the Investor Relations section of the Company s website, www.brightmountainmedia.com,
as soon as reasonably practical after they are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The SEC maintains
a website, www.sec.gov, which contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information filed electronically with the
SEC by the Company. The information on, or that can be accessed through this website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
you should not rely on any such information in making the decision whether to purchase the Company Common Stock. 

16 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Before
you invest in our securities, you should be aware that there are various risks in making any such investment. You should carefully consider
these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this report before you decide to purchase any of our securities.
If any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, our business, financial condition or results of operations
could be materially adversely affected and you could lose your entire investment in our company. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMPANY 

WE
HAVE A HISTORY OF LOSSES . 

We
incurred net significant net losses for 2020 and 2019, including losses in 2019 related to our discontinued operations, and at December
31, 2020, we had a significant accumulated deficit. While our revenues and gross margin increased significantly for 2020 from 2019, our
selling, general and administrative expenses, or SG A , increased significantly in 2020 from 2019 as well. We anticipate
that our SG A will continue to increase in 2021 and beyond, and we may continue to incur losses in future periods until such time
as we are successful in significantly increasing our revenues and gross profit to a level to fund our operating expenses. There are no
assurances that we will be able to significantly increase our revenues and gross profit to a level which supports profitable operations
and provides sufficient funds to pay our operating expenses and other obligations as they become due. 

WE
ARE DEPENDENT UPON SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND LOANS FROM OUR CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD TO PROVIDE OPERATING CAPITAL. 

We
do not generate sufficient gross profit to pay our operating expenses and we reported losses from continuing operations in 2020 and 2019.
Historically we have been dependent upon the purchase of equity securities or convertible notes by Mr. Kip Speyer, our Chairman of the
Board, to provide operating capital. During 2020, the Company raised approximately 4.0 million through the sale of our securities in
a private placement. While we expect to seek to raise additional working capital through the sale of our securities in private or public
transactions, we are not a party to any binding agreements and there are no assurances we will be able to raise any additional third-party
capital. Mr. Speyer is also under no obligation to continue to lend us money or purchase equity securities from us. If we are not able
to raise sufficient additional working capital as needed, absent a significant increase in our revenues we may be unable to grow our
company. 

IF
WE FAIL TO DETECT ADVERTISING FRAUD OR OTHER ACTIONS THAT IMPACT OUR ADVERTISING CAMPAIGN PERFORMANCE, WE COULD HARM OUR REPUTATION WITH
ADVERTISERS OR AGENCIES, WHICH WOULD CAUSE OUR REVENUE AND BUSINESS TO SUFFER. 

Once
established, the Bright Mountain Media Advertising Services Business will rely on our ability to deliver successful and effective advertising
campaigns. Some of those campaigns may experience fraudulent and other invalid impressions, clicks or conversions that advertisers may
perceive as undesirable, such as non-human traffic generated by machines that are designed to simulate human users and artificially inflate
user traffic on websites. These activities could overstate the performance of any given advertising campaign and could harm our reputation.
It may be difficult for us to detect fraudulent or malicious activity on websites where we do not own content and rely in part on our
customers to control such activity. If we fail to detect or prevent fraudulent or other malicious activity, the affected advertisers
may experience or perceive a reduced return on their investment and our reputation may be harmed. High levels of fraudulent or malicious
activity could lead to dissatisfaction with our solutions, refusals to pay, refund or future credit demands or withdrawal of future business. 

17 

IF
ADVERTISING ON THE INTERNET LOSES ITS APPEAL, OUR REVENUE COULD DECLINE. 

Our
business model may not continue to be effective in the future for a number of reasons, including: 

a
 decline in the rates that we can charge for advertising and promotional activities; 

our
 inability to create applications for our customers; 

the
 fact that Internet advertisements and promotions are, by their nature, limited in content relative to other media; 

companies
 may be reluctant or slow to adopt online advertising and promotional activities that replace, limit or compete with their existing
 direct marketing efforts; 

companies
 may prefer other forms of Internet advertising and promotions that we do not offer; 

the
 quality or placement of transactions, including the risk of non-screened, non-human inventory and traffic, could cause a loss in
 customers or revenue; and 

regulatory
 actions may negatively impact our business practices. 

If
the number of companies who purchase online advertising and promotional services from us does not grow, we may experience difficulty
in attracting publishers, and our revenue could decline. 

OUR
SUCCESS IS DEPENDENT UPON OUR ABILITY TO EFFECTIVELY EXPAND AND MANAGE OUR RELATIONSHIPS WITH OUR PUBLISHERS. 

Outside
of our owned and operated websites, we are dependent upon our publishing partners to provide the media we sell. We depend on these publishers
to make their respective media inventories available to us to use in connection with the campaigns that we manage, create or market.
Our growth depends, in part, on our ability to expand and maintain our publisher relationships within our network and to have access
to new sources of media inventory such as new partner websites and Facebook pages that offer attractive demographics, innovative and
quality content and growing Web user traffic volume. Our ability to attract new publishers to our networks and to retain Web publishers
currently in our networks will depend on various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited
to, our ability to introduce new and innovative products and services, our pricing policies, and the cost-efficiency to Web publishers
of outsourcing their advertising sales. In addition, the number of competing intermediaries that purchase media inventory from Web publishers
continues to increase. In the event we are not able to maintain effective relationships with our publishers, our ability to distribute
our advertising campaigns will be greatly hindered which will reduce the value of our services and adversely impact our results of operations
in future periods. 

WE
ARE DEPENDENT ON REVENUES FROM A LIMITED NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS. 

For
2020, 1 customer represents 9.6 of revenue and for 2019, 1 customer represents 12.5 of revenue. The loss of these customers
could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations in future periods. 

WE
ARE SUBJECT TO SEASONAL FLUCTUATIONS IN OUR REVENUES IN FUTURE PERIODS. 

Typically
advertising technology companies report a material portion of their revenues during the fourth calendar quarter as a result of holiday
related ad spend. Our experience since transitioning to focus solely on our advertising segment has been consistent with this trend.
Because of seasonal fluctuations, there can be no assurance that the results of any particular quarter will be indicative of results
for the full year or for future years. 

THE
ACQUISITION OF NEW BUSINESSES IS COSTLY AND THESE ACQUISITIONS MAY NOT ENHANCE OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION. 

A
significant element of our growth strategy has been to acquire companies which complement our business. The process to undertake a potential
acquisition can be time-consuming and costly. We have expended and expect to continue to expend significant resources to undertake business,
financial and legal due diligence on potential acquisition targets. In addition, there is no guarantee that we will acquire the company
after completing due diligence. The process of identifying and consummating an acquisition could result in the use of substantial amounts
of cash and exposure to undisclosed or potential liabilities of acquired companies. In some instances, we may be required to provide
historic audited financial statements for up to two years for acquisition targets in compliance with the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The necessity to provide these audited financial statements will increase the
costs to us of consummating an acquisition or, if it is determined that the target company cannot obtain the requisite audited financials,
we may be unable to pursue an acquisition which might otherwise be accretive to our business. In addition, even if we are successful
in acquiring additional companies, there are no assurances that the operations of these businesses will enhance our future financial
condition. To the extent that a business we acquire does not meet the performance criteria used to establish a purchase price, some or
all of the goodwill related to that acquisition could be charged against our future earnings, if any. 

18 

ACQUISITION(S)
MAY DISRUPT GROWTH. 

We
may pursue strategic acquisitions in the future. Risks in acquisition transactions include difficulties in the integration of acquired
businesses into our operations and control environment, difficulties in assimilating and retaining employees and intermediaries, difficulties
in retaining the existing clients of the acquired entities, assumed or unforeseen liabilities that arise in connection with the acquired
businesses, the failure of counterparties to satisfy any obligations to indemnify us against liabilities arising from the acquired businesses,
and unfavorable market conditions that could negatively impact our growth expectations for the acquired businesses. Fully integrating
an acquired company or business into our operations may take a significant amount of time. We cannot assure you that we will be successful
in overcoming these risks or any other problems encountered with acquisitions and other strategic transactions. These risks may prevent
us from realizing the expected benefits from acquisitions and could result in the failure to realize the full economic value of a strategic
transaction or the impairment of goodwill and/or intangible assets recognized at the time of an acquisition. These risks could be heightened
if we complete a large acquisition or multiple acquisitions within a short period of time. 

ONLINE
SECURITY BREACHES COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS. 

User
confidence in our websites depends on maintaining strong security features. While we are unaware of any security breaches to date, experienced
programmers or hackers could penetrate sectors of our systems. Because a hacker who is able to penetrate network security
could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions in our services, we may have to expend significant capital and resources
to protect against or to alleviate problems caused by hackers. Additionally, we may not have a timely remedy against a hacker who is
able to penetrate our network security. Such security breaches could materially affect our operations, damage our reputation and expose
us to risk of loss or litigation. In addition, the transmission of computer viruses resulting from hackers or otherwise could expose
us to significant liability. Our insurance policies may not be adequate to reimburse us for losses caused by security breaches. We also
face risks associated with security breaches affecting third parties with whom we have relationships. 

WE
MUST PROMOTE THE BRIGHT MOUNTAIN BRAND TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN USERS, ADVERTISERS AND STRATEGIC BUYERS. 

The
success of the Bright Mountain brand depends largely on our ability to provide high quality content which is of interest to our users.
If our users do not perceive our existing content to be of high quality, or if we introduce new content or enter into new business ventures
that are not favorably perceived by users, we may not be successful in promoting and maintaining the Bright Mountain brand. Any change
in the focus of our operations creates a risk of diluting our brand, confusing users and decreasing the value of our website traffic
base to advertisers. If we are unable to maintain or grow the Bright Mountain brand, our business would be severely harmed. 

WE
MAY EXPEND SIGNIFICANT RESOURCES TO PROTECT OUR CONTENT OR TO DEFEND CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT BY THIRD PARTIES, AND IF WE ARE NOT SUCCESSFUL,
WE MAY LOSE RIGHTS TO USE SIGNIFICANT MATERIAL OR BE REQUIRED TO PAY SIGNIFICANT FEES. 

Our
success and ability to compete are dependent on our proprietary content. We rely exclusively on copyright law to protect our content.
While we actively take steps to protect our proprietary rights, these steps may not be adequate to prevent the infringement or misappropriation
of our content, which could severely harm our business. In addition to content written by our employees, we also acquire content from
various freelance providers and other third-party content providers. While we attempt to ensure that such content may be freely used
by us, other parties may assert claims of infringement against us relating to such content. We may need to obtain licenses from others
to refine, develop, market and deliver new content or services. We may not be able to obtain any such licenses on commercially reasonable
terms or at all or rights granted pursuant to any licenses may not be valid and enforceable. 

19 

FAILURE
TO PROTECT OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR CLAIMS BY OTHERS THAT WE INFRINGE THEIR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS COULD SUBSTANTIALLY
HARM OUR BUSINESS. 

Our
website domain names are crucial to our business. However, as with phone numbers, we do not have and cannot acquire any property rights
in an internet address. The regulation of domain names in the United States and in other countries is also subject to change. Regulatory
bodies could establish additional top-level domains, appoint additional domain name registrars or modify the requirements for holding
domain names. As a result, we might not be able to maintain our domain names or obtain comparable domain names, which could harm our
business. We also rely on a combination of trade secret laws and restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights.
Our success depends on the protection of the proprietary aspects of our technology as well as our ability to operate without infringing
on the proprietary rights of others. Despite these measures, any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated,
circumvented or misappropriated. Others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information, and in such cases,
we could not assert any trade secret rights against such parties. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce
and determine the scope of our intellectual property rights. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions, we may be unable to protect our technology
and designs adequately against unauthorized third-party use, which could adversely affect our ability to compete. 

DEVELOPING
AND IMPLEMENTING NEW AND UPDATED APPLICATIONS, FEATURES AND SERVICES FOR OUR WEBSITES MAY BE MORE DIFFICULT THAN EXPECTED, MAY TAKE LONGER
AND COST MORE THAN EXPECTED AND MAY NOT RESULT IN SUFFICIENT INCREASES IN REVENUE TO JUSTIFY THE COSTS. 

Attracting
and retaining users of our websites requires us to continue to provide quality, targeted content and to continue to develop new and updated
applications, features and services for our websites. If we are unable to do so on a timely basis or if we are unable to implement new
applications, features and services without disruption to our existing ones, our ability to continue to expand our website traffic will
be in jeopardy. The costs of development of these enhancements may negatively impact our ability to achieve profitability. There can
be no assurance that the revenue opportunities from expanded website content, or updated technologies, applications, features or services
will justify the amounts ultimately spent by us. 

IF
WE ARE UNABLE TO OBTAIN OR MAINTAIN KEY WEBSITE ADDRESSES, OUR ABILITY TO OPERATE AND GROW OUR BUSINESS MAY BE IMPAIRED. 

Our
website addresses, or domain names, are critical to our business. We currently own more than 25 domain names. However, the regulation
of domain names is subject to change, and it may be difficult for us to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar
to ours, that infringe our trademarks or that otherwise decrease the value of our brands. If we are unable to obtain or maintain key
domain names for the various areas of our business, our ability to operate and grow our business may be impaired. 

OUR
TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT EFFORTS MAY NOT BE SUCCESSFUL IN IMPROVING THE FUNCTIONALITY OF OUR NETWORK, WHICH COULD RESULT IN REDUCED TRAFFIC
ON OUR WEBSITES. 

If
our websites do not work as intended, or if we are unable to upgrade the functionality of our websites as needed to keep up with the
rapid evolution of technology for content delivery, our websites may not operate properly, which could harm our business. Additionally,
software product design, development and enhancement involve creativity, expense and the use of new development tools and learning processes.
Delays in software development processes are common, as are project failures, and either factor could harm our business. 

OUR
ABILITY TO DELIVER OUR CONTENT DEPENDS UPON THE QUALITY, AVAILABILITY, POLICIES AND PRICES OF CERTAIN THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS. 

We
rely on third parties to provide website hosting services. In certain instances, we rely on a single service provider for some of these
services. In the event the providers were to terminate our relationship or stop providing these services, our ability to operate our
websites could be impaired. Our ability to address or mitigate these risks may be limited. The failure of all or part of our website
hosting services could result in a loss of access to our websites which would harm our results of operations. 

20 

WE
MAY BE HELD LIABLE FOR CONTENT, BLOGS OR THIRD PARTY LINKS ON OUR WEBSITE OR CONTENT DISTRIBUTED TO THIRD PARTIES AND OUR GENERAL LIABILITY
INSURANCE MAY NOT BE ADEQUATE TO COMPENSATE US FOR ALL LIABILITIES TO WHICH WE ARE EXPOSED. 

As
a publisher and distributor of content over the internet, including blogs which appear on our websites and links to third-party websites
that may be accessible through our websites, or content that includes links or references to a third-party s website, we face potential
liability for defamation, negligence, copyright, patent or trademark infringement and other claims based on the nature, content or ownership
of the material that is published on or distributed from our websites. These types of claims have been brought, sometimes successfully,
against online services, websites and print publications in the past. Other claims may be based on errors or false or misleading information
provided on linked websites, including information deemed to constitute professional advice such as legal, medical, financial or investment
advice. Other claims may be based on links to sexually explicit websites. Although we carry general liability insurance, our insurance
may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liabilities imposed. Any liability that is not covered by our insurance or is in excess of
our insurance coverage could severely harm our financial condition and business. Implementing measures to reduce our exposure to these
forms of liability may require us to spend substantial resources and limit the attractiveness of our websites to users. 

OUR
MANAGEMENT MAY BE UNABLE TO EFFECTIVELY INTEGRATE OUR ACQUISITIONS AND TO MANAGE OUR GROWTH AND WE MAY BE UNABLE TO FULLY REALIZE ANY
ANTICIPATED BENEFITS OF THESE ACQUISITIONS. 

We
are subject to various risks associated with our growth strategy, including the risk that we will be unable to identify and recruit suitable
acquisition candidates in the future or to integrate and manage the acquired companies. Acquired companies histories, the geographical
location, business models and business cultures will be different from ours in many respects. Successful integration of these acquisitions
is subject to a number of challenges, including: 

the
 diversion of management time and resources and the potential disruption of our ongoing business; 
 
 difficulties
 in maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; 
 
 unexpected
 costs and time associated with upgrading both the internal accounting systems as well as
 educating each of their staff as to the proper methods of collecting and recording financial
 data; 
 
 potential
 unknown liabilities associated with acquired businesses; 
 
 the
 difficulty of retaining key alliances on attractive terms with partners and suppliers; and 
 
 the
 difficulty of retaining and recruiting key personnel and maintaining employee morale. 

There
can be no assurance that our efforts to integrate the operations of any acquired assets or companies will be successful, that we can
manage our growth or that the anticipated benefits of these proposed acquisitions will be fully realized. 

WE
DEPEND ON THE SERVICE OF OUR CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD. THE LOSS OF HIS SERVICE COULD HURT OUR ABILITY TO OPERATE OUR BUSINESS IN FUTURE
PERIODS. 

Our
success largely depends on the efforts, reputation and abilities of W. Kip Speyer, our Chairman of the Board. While we are a party to
an employment agreement with Mr. Speyer and do not expect to lose his services in the foreseeable future, the loss of the services of
Mr. Speyer could materially harm our business and operations in future periods. 

WE
MUST HIRE, INTEGRATE AND/OR RETAIN QUALIFIED PERSONNEL TO SUPPORT OUR EXPECTED BUSINESS EXPANSION. 

Our
success also depends on our ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel. In addition, because our users must perceive the
content of our websites as having been created by credible and notable sources, our success also depends on the name recognition and
reputation of our editorial staff. Competition for qualified personnel is intense and we may experience difficulty in hiring and retaining
highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. If we fail to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business will suffer,
and we may be unable to timely meet our reporting obligations under Federal securities laws. 

21 

WE
DELIVER ADVERTISEMENTS TO USERS FROM THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISING SERVICES WHICH EXPOSES OUR USERS TO CONTENT AND FUNCTIONALITY OVER WHICH
WE DO NOT HAVE ULTIMATE CONTROL. 

We
display pay-per-click, banner, cost per acquisition CPM , direct, and other forms of advertisements to users that come from
third-party Advertising Services. We do not control the content and functionality of such third-party advertisements and, while we provide
guidelines as to what types of advertisements are acceptable, there can be no assurance that such advertisements will not contain content
or functionality that is harmful to users. Our inability to monitor and control what types of advertisements get displayed to users could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

OUR
SERVICES MAY BE INTERRUPTED IF WE EXPERIENCE PROBLEMS WITH OUR NETWORK INFRASTRUCTURE. 

The
performance of our network infrastructure is critical to our business and reputation. Because our services are delivered solely through
the internet, our network infrastructure could be disrupted by a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 

unexpected
 increases in usage of our services; 
 
 computer
 viruses and other security issues; 
 
 interruption
 or other loss of connectivity provided by third-party internet service providers; 
 
 natural
 disasters or other catastrophic events; and 
 
 server
 failures or other hardware problems. 

If
our services were to be interrupted, it could cause loss of users, customers, and business partners, which could have a material adverse. 

OUR
SYSTEMS MAY FAIL DUE TO NATURAL DISASTERS, TELECOMMUNICATIONS FAILURES AND OTHER EVENTS, ANY OF WHICH WOULD LIMIT USER TRAFFIC. 

Our
websites are hosted by third party providers. Any disruption of the computing platform at these third party providers could result in
a service outage. Fire, floods, earthquakes, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins, supplier failure to meet commitments,
and similar events could damage these systems and cause interruptions in the hosting of our websites. Computer viruses, electronic break-ins
or other similar disruptive problems could cause users to stop visiting our website and could cause advertisers to terminate any agreements
with us. In addition, we could lose advertising revenues during these interruptions and user satisfaction could be negatively impacted
if the service is slow or unavailable. If any of these circumstances occurred, our business could be harmed. Our insurance policies may
not adequately compensate us for losses that may occur due to any failures of or interruptions in our systems. We do not presently have
a formal disaster recovery plan. 

Our
websites must accommodate high volumes of traffic and deliver frequently updated information. While we have not experienced any systems
failures to date, it is possible that we may experience systems failures in the future and that such failures could harm our business.
In addition, our users depend on internet service providers, online service providers and other website operators for access to our websites.
Many of these providers and operators have experienced significant outages in the past, and could experience outages, delays and other
difficulties due to system failures unrelated to our systems. Any of these system failures could harm our business. 

22 

WE
ARE UNABLE TO PREDICT THE IMPACT OF COVID-19 ON OUR BUSINESS. 

Because
our company operates in the digital advertising industry, unlike a brick and mortar-based company, predicting the impact of the coronavirus
pandemic on our company is difficult at this stage in the viruses US expansion. Thus far, we have experienced a pause in marketing campaigns
by a limited number of clients and a potential impact from a number of suppliers. We have issued a work from home policy to protect our
employees and their families from potential virus transmission among co-workers, but have returned to our Corporate offices in Boca Raton,
FL since September 2020 while adhering to CDC and local/state recommendations. Generally, marketing budgets tend to decline in times
of a recession. We have started to curtail expenses, including travel and we have issued a work from home policy to protect our employees
and their families from virus transmission associated with co-workers. We are beginning to experience interruptions in our daily operations,
including financial reporting process, as a result of these policies. We expect the revenue impact on our industry could vary dramatically
by vertical. For example, we would expect to see less advertising demand from the travel, leisure and hospitality verticals and more
advertising demand in the health, technology, insurance, and pharmaceutical verticals. We also maintain long-standing relationships with
Yahoo!, Google and others that provide access to hundreds of thousands of advertisers from which most of our Real Time Bidding and digital
publishing revenue originates. Any adverse impact on the operations of those companies would have a correspondingly adverse impact on
our revenues in future periods. We will continue to assess the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our company, however, at this time
we are unable to predict all possible impacts on our company, our operations, and our revenues. Should revenues turn downwards both quickly
and dramatically, we would not be in a strong position to offset equally as quickly with expenses. 

PRIVACY
CONCERNS COULD IMPAIR OUR BUSINESS. 

We
have a policy against using personally identifiable information obtained from users of our websites without the user s permission.
In the past, the Federal Trade Commission has investigated companies that have used personally identifiable information without permission
or in violation of a stated privacy policy. If we use personal information without permission or in violation of our policy, we may face
potential liability for invasion of privacy for compiling and providing information to our corporate customers and electronic commerce
merchants. In addition, legislative or regulatory requirements may heighten these concerns if businesses must notify internet users that
the data may be used by marketing entities to direct product promotion and advertising to the user. Other countries and political entities,
such as the European Union, have adopted such legislation or regulatory requirements. The United States may adopt similar legislation
or regulatory requirements in the future. If consumer privacy concerns are not adequately addressed, our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially harmed. 

WE
ARE SUBJECT TO A NUMBER OF REGULATORY RISKS, ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THE VARIOUS REGULATIONS COULD ADVERSELY IMPACT OUR BUSINESS. 

We
are subject to a number of domestic and, to the extent our operations are conducted outside the United States, foreign laws and regulations
that affect companies conducting business on the internet and through other electronic means, many of which are still evolving and could
be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. United States and foreign regulations and laws potentially affecting our business
are evolving frequently. We currently have not developed our internal compliance program, nor do we have policies in place to monitor
compliance. Instead, we rely on the policies of our publishing partners. If we are unable to identify all regulations to which our business
is subject and implement effective means of compliance, we could be subject to enforcement actions, lawsuits and penalties, including
but not limited to fines and other monetary liability or injunction that could prevent us from operating our business or certain aspects
of our business. In addition, compliance with the regulations to which we are subject now or in the future may require changes to our
products or services, restrict or impose additional costs upon the conduct of our business or cause users to abandon material aspects
of our services. Any such action could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

LITIGATION
IS BOTH COSTLY AND TIME-CONSUMING AND THERE IS NO CERTAINTY OF A FAVORABLE RESULT. 

We
are presently involved in litigation which is described elsewhere in this filing. This litigation is both costly and time consuming and
has resulted in the diversion of management time and resources. While we believe that all or a portion of our costs are covered by insurance,
there are no assurances that they are covered nor are there assurances that we will prevail in the litigation. 

23 

RISKS
RELATING TO OUR INDEBTEDNESS 

Our
secured indebtedness may limit our ability to operate our business. 

As
of December 31, 2020, we had 19,008,440 and as of December 31, 2019 we had 165,163 of outstanding secured indebtedness under our outstanding
credit facilities. The instruments governing our existing secured indebtedness may inhibit our ability to incur additional debt equity
and require significant payments from the proceeds of any debt or equity sale without consent of the lender. In addition, we have additional
covenants and obligations under the secured indebtedness which may limit our ability to operate our business. Our ability to repay the
indebtedness may require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow for operations to payment of debt service and principal
thereby reducing funds available to implement our business strategy. Our level of indebtedness could also provide limits in our ability
to adjust to changing market conditions and vulnerability in the event of a downturn in economic conditions in the businesses in which
we operate, and impair our ability to obtain additional financing for our business strategy. If we are unable to meet our obligations
under the secured indebtedness, the lender may call a default and our business could be foreclosed upon or otherwise transferred. 

Between May 26, 2021
and November 5, 2021, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into five amendments to the Amended and Restated Senior Secured
Credit Agreement between itself and Centre Lane Partners Master Credit Fund II, L.P. Centre Lane Partners ). The Company
and its subsidiaries are parties to a credit agreement between itself and Centre Lane Partners as Administrative Agent and Collateral
Agent dated June 5, 2020, as amended (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement was amended to provide for an additional
loan amount of 4.625 million, in the aggregate. Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, the term loan is due and payable on or
before February 15, 2022. In addition, and as part of the transaction, there is an Exit Fee the Exit Fee totaling 2.712
million which will be added and capitalized to the principal amount of the original loan and the original loan terms apply. In addition,
the Company has issued 12.5 million common shares to Centre Lane Partners as part of these transactions. 

RISKS
RELATED TO THE OWNERSHIP OF OUR SECURITIES 

The
Company s economic performance has raised substantial doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern. We have experienced substantial and
recurring losses from operations, which losses have caused an accumulated deficit of 93,932,080 at December 31, 2020. These factors,
among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty 

We
have material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to remediate any material
weaknesses or if we fail to establish and maintain effective control over financial reporting, our ability to accurately and timely report
our financial results could be adversely affected. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting ICFR ). ICFR
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Historically, we have reported
material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting. These material weaknesses have resulted
in our failure to timely file certain periodic reports as required by SEC rules and regulations. 

Our
failure to remediate the material weaknesses or the identification of additional material weaknesses in the future could adversely affect
our ability to report financial information, including our filing of quarterly or annual reports with the SEC on a timely and accurate
basis. Moreover, our failure to remediate the material weaknesses identified above or the identification of additional material weaknesses
could prohibit us from producing timely and accurate financial statements, which may adversely affect the market price of shares of our
common stock. The Company is committed to resolving the material weaknesses by enhancing its accounting and finance department, implementing
a new organization wide ERP system with an inherent robust control structure, and utilizing external expertise related to all aspects
of internal control environments. 

There
is a Limited Public Market For our Common Stock. 

Our
shares of Common Stock are currently quoted for trading on the OTC Expert Market. There is a limited trading market for our shares of
common stock and a robust trading market for our securities may not develop in the foreseeable future. If no market develops, it may
be difficult or impossible for you to sell your shares if you should desire to do so. There is extremely limited and sporadic trading
of our common stock and no assurance can be given, when, if ever, an active trading market will develop or, if developed, that it will
be sustained. 

24 

The
amount of working capital we have available could be adversely impacted by the amount of cash dividends we pay affiliates. 

At
February 22, 2021, we had three series of preferred stock outstanding that pay cash dividends and are owned by Mr. W. Kip Speyer, our
Chairman of the Board, and Mr. Richard Rogers, a former member of our board of directors. During 2020, we paid cash dividends of 63,316
to these affiliates. These dividend amounts are in addition to the 8,136 interest payments made to Mr. Speyer under the terms of convertible
promissory notes which were exchanged for one of the series of outstanding preferred stock in November 2019. During 2019, we paid cash
dividends of 185,931 to these affiliates. These dividend amounts are in addition to the 8,862 of interest payments we made to Mr. Speyer
under the terms of convertible promissory notes which were exchanged for one of the series of outstanding preferred stock in November
2019. The payment of these cash dividends and interest payments reduces the amount of capital we have available to devote to the growth
of our company. For additional information on these series of preferred stock please see Note 14 to the notes to our audited consolidated
financial statements. 

We
have outstanding preferred stock, convertible notes, options and warrants to purchase approximately 39 of our outstanding common
stock. 

At
December 31, 2020, we had 117,336,975 shares of our common stock and 8,044,017 preferred stock outstanding. Options, preferred
stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 45,267,560 shares of common stock are outstanding. At December 31, 2019 we had 100,782,956
shares of our common stock and 8,044,017 preferred stock outstanding. Options, preferred stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate
of 35,513,862 shares of common stock are outstanding. The conversion or possible exercise of the warrants and/or options, will increase
the total outstanding shares by approximately 39 at December 31, 2020 and 35 at December 31, 2019, which will have a dilutive
effect on our existing shareholders. 

CERTAIN
OF OUR OUTSTANDING WARRANTS CONTAIN CASHLESS EXERCISE PROVISIONS WHICH MEANS WE WILL NOT RECEIVE ANY CASH PROCEEDS UPON THEIR EXERCISE. 

At
December 31, 2020, we had common stock warrants outstanding to purchase an aggregate of up to 35,848,316 shares of our common stock with
an exercise price range between 0.65 and 1.00 per share. During 2020, a total of 2,027,003 warrants were exercised in a cashless transaction
with exercise prices of 0.65 and 1.00 per share. A balance of 512,867 warrants remain exercisable at 0.65 per share, which are held
by Spartan Capital employees and are exercisable on a cashless basis. This means that the holder, rather than paying the exercise price
in cash, may surrender a number of warrants equal to the exercise price of the warrants being exercised. It is possible that the warrant
holders will use the cashless exercise feature. If all warrants are issued using the cashless exercise option, it will deprive us of
approximately 333,364 of additional capital that might otherwise be obtained if the warrants were exercised on a cash basis. 

SOME
PROVISIONS OF OUR CHARTER DOCUMENTS AND FLORIDA LAW MAY HAVE ANTI-TAKEOVER EFFECTS THAT COULD DISCOURAGE AN ACQUISITION OF US BY OTHERS,
EVEN IF AN ACQUISITION WOULD BE BENEFICIAL TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS AND MAY PREVENT ATTEMPTS BY OUR SHAREHOLDERS TO REPLACE OR REMOVE OUR
CURRENT MANAGEMENT. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of Florida law, could make
it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or increase the cost of acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our shareholders,
or remove our current management. These include provisions that: 

permit
 our board of directors to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with any rights,
 preferences and privileges as they may designate; 
 
 provide
 that all vacancies on our board of directors, including as a result of newly created directorships,
 may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority
 of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum; 
 
 provide
 that shareholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of shareholders or to nominate
 candidates for election as directors at a meeting of shareholders must provide advance notice
 in writing, and also satisfy requirements as to the form and content of a shareholder s
 notice; 
 
 not
 provide for cumulative voting rights, thereby allowing the holders of a majority of the shares
 of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors
 standing for election; and 
 
 provide
 that special meetings of our shareholders may be called only by the board of directors or
 by the holders of at least 40 of our securities entitled to notice of and to vote at such
 meetings. 

25 

These
provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult
for shareholders to replace members of our board of directors, who are responsible for appointing the members of our management. Section
607.0902 of the Florida Business Corporation Act provides provisions which may discourage, delay or prevent someone from acquiring us
or merging with us whether or not it is desired by or beneficial to our shareholders. As permitted under Florida law, we have elected
not to be governed by this statute. Any provision of our amended and restated articles of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws
or Florida law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our shareholders to receive
a premium for their shares of common stock or warrants, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our
shares of common stock or warrants. 

OUR
COMPANY HAS A CONCENTRATION OF STOCK OWNERSHIP AND CONTROL, WHICH MAY HAVE THE EFFECT OF DELAYING, PREVENTING OR DETERRING A CHANGE OF
CONTROL. 

Our
common stock ownership is highly concentrated. As of December 31, 2020, Mr. W. Kip Speyer, our Chairman of the Board, together with members
of our board of directors and a principal shareholder, beneficially owns approximately 26.4 of our total outstanding shares of
common and preferred stock. As a result of the concentrated ownership of the stock, Mr. Speyer and our board of directors may be able
to control all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of mergers and other significant
corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control
of our company. It could also deprive our shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our
company and it may affect the market price of our common stock. 

WE
DO NOT ANTICIPATE PAYING ANY CASH DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON STOCK IN THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE AND, AS SUCH, CAPITAL APPRECIATION, IF ANY,
OF OUR COMMON STOCK WILL BE YOUR SOLE SOURCE OF GAIN FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE. 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available
funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. In addition, and any future loan arrangements we enter
into may contain, terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. As a result,
capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

We
may issue additional shares of preferred stock in the future that may adversely impact your rights as holders of our common stock. 

Pursuant
to our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, the aggregate number of shares of capital stock which we are authorized to issue
is 344,000,000 shares, of which 324,000,000 shares are common stock, and 20,000,000 shares are blank check preferred stock
with such designations, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Our board of directors
is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue one or more series of preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting
or other rights which could dilute the interest of, or impair the voting power of, our common stockholders. As of the date of this prospectus,
we have 8,044,017 preferred stock outstanding. 

26 

We
are an emerging growth company as that term is used in the JOBS Act, and we intend to continue to take advantage
of reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, which could result in our common stock being
less attractive to investors and adversely affect the market price of our common stock or make it more difficult to raise capital as
and when we need it. 

We
are an emerging growth company as that term is used in the JOBS Act, and we intend to continue to take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not to emerging growth companies
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, exemptions from the
requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved, and exemptions from any rules that the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board may adopt requiring mandatory
audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report on the financial statements. For as long as we qualify as an emerging
growth company, we may elect not to provide you with certain information, including certain financial information and certain
information regarding compensation of our executive officers, that we would have otherwise been required to provide in filings we make
with the SEC, which may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate us. 

We
cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find
our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may
be more volatile. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company, which in certain
circumstances could be for up to five years. See Prospectus Summary Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company. 

Because
of the exemptions from various reporting requirements provided to us as an emerging growth company , we may be less attractive
to investors and it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital as and when we need it. Investors may be unable to compare our
business with other companies in our industry if they believe that our financial accounting is not as transparent as other companies
in our industry. If we are unable to raise additional capital as and when we need it, our business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows, and future prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM
2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 

The
Company leases its corporate offices at 6400 Congress Avenue, Suite 2050, Boca Raton, Florida 33487 under a long-term non-cancellable
lease agreement expiring on October 31, 2021. Our leased facilities are used for operational, sales and administrative purposes in support
of our business, and are all currently being utilized as intended. As of the filing of this 10-K, we have extended our lease on a month-to-month
basis as we evaluate a longer term strategy for our facility needs. 

We
believe that our properties are sufficient to meet our current and projected business needs. We periodically review our facility requirements
and may acquire new facilities, or modify, update, consolidate, dispose of or sublet existing facilities, based on evolving business
needs. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time-to-time, we may be involved in litigation or be subject to claims arising out of our operations or content appearing on our websites
in the normal course of business. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we currently believe
that the final outcome of these ordinary course matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of the outcome,
litigation can have an adverse impact on our company because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other
factors. 

In
2020, Synacor, Inc commenced an action against MediaHouse, LLC, Inform, Inc. and the Company, alleging the sum of approximately 230,000
was owed based on invoices provided in 2019 in respect to that certain Content Provider Advertising Agreement with MediaHouse.
This is recorded as an accrued liability as of December 31, 2020. There was an understanding reached in principle with MediaHouse,
subject to finalization and execution of a definitive agreement, in or about December 1, 2021. 

A
former employee of the Company filed a suit against the Company, MediaHouse, Inc., and Gregory A. Peters, a former Executive, (the Defendants alleging two counts of defamation. Any potential losses associated with this matter cannot be estimated at this time. 

Encoding.com,
Inc. Encoding was a former digital media customer of MediaHouse. Encoding had a long overdue outstanding receivable from
MediaHouse s predecessor company, Inform, Inc. MediaHouse did not assume the liability at acquisition. In 2020, the Company and
Encoding agreed to settle the overdue receivable through the issuance of 175,000 warrants to purchase Company stock with a 1.00 exercise
price. This is recorded as an accrued liability as of December 31, 2020 and the warrants were issued in May of 2021. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable to our company. 

27 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company s common stock trades at low volumes on the OTCQB Tier of the OTC Markets under the symbol BMTM. 
The approximate number of holders of record of the Company s common stock at November 17, 2021 was 701. The last sale price of
our common stock as reported on the OTCQB on June 30, 2021 was 0.45 per share. The last sale price of our common stock as reported on
the OTC Pink Market on September 30, 2021 was 0.23 per share. 

Effective
at the close of business on June 30, 2021 the Company s stock ceased trading on the OTCQB and its shares began trading on the OTC
Pink Market on July 1, 2021. The common stock will continue to trade with the symbol BMTM. Effective September 30, 2021, the Company s
stock ceased trading on the OTC Pink Market and began trading on the OTC EXPERT market. 

Dividend
Policy 

The
Company has not declared nor paid any cash dividend on its common stock, and it currently intends to retain future earnings, if any,
to finance the expansion of its business, and the Company does not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The decision
whether to pay cash dividends on its common stock will be made by its board of directors, in their discretion, and will depend on the
Company s financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors that its board of directors considers
significant. 

Recent
sales of unregistered securities 

During
2020, the Company sold an aggregate of 10,398,700 units of its securities to 167 accredited investors in a private placement exempt from
registration under the Securities Act in reliance on exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D resulting
in gross proceeds to the Company of 5,199,350. Each unit, which was sold at a purchase price of 0.50, consisted of one share of common
stock and one five-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.75 per share. Spartan Capital Securities,
LLC Spartan Capital served as placement agent for the Company in this offering. As compensation for its services, Spartan
Capital held back 779,903 for commissions, providing cash to the Company of 4,419,447. From this amount, Spartan Capital deducted 165,000
to pay the accrued finder s fee for the Oceanside acquisition, and 275,000 in other consulting fees, and 401,750 in success and
escrow fees resulting in net cash received by the Company of 3,577,697. The Company issued Spartan Capital Placement Agents Warrants
to purchase an aggregate of 1,039,870 shares of our common stock, including the cash commission and Placement Agent Warrants issued pursuant
to the closings included in the Company s consolidated statement of changes in shareholders equity for the year ended December
31, 2020. 

During
2020, a former employee exercised 50,000 stock options for 6,950. A current employee exercised 80,000 stock options for 11,112. 

In
November 2019, we borrowed an aggregate of 80,000 from Mr. Kip Speyer under the terms of five year convertible promissory notes. The
notes, which bear interest at 10 per annum, are convertible at his option into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of 0.40
per share. If the notes have not previously been converted, the principal and any accrued but unpaid interest automatically converts
into shares of our common stock on the maturity date of the notes. We did not pay any commissions or finders fees and Mr. Speyer is an
accredited investor. The issuance of the notes was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act in reliance on an exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of that act. We used the proceeds for working capital. 

28 

Effective
December 30, 2019, we issued 100,000 shares of our common stock to an accredited investor upon the automatic conversation of 100,000
shares of our 10 Series A convertible preferred stock together with accrued but unpaid dividends on those shares. In accordance with
the designations, rights and preferences of the 10 Series A convertible preferred stock, those shares automatically converted into shares
of our common stock on a one for one basis on the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance of such shares. The issuance of the shares
of our common stock upon the conversion were exempt from registration under Securities Act in reliance on an exemption provide by Section
3(a)(9) of such act, and the issuance of the shares of our common stock as dividends on such shares were exempt from registration in
reliance on an exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

During
2019, the Company sold an aggregate of 2,570,860 units of its securities to 20 accredited investors in two private placements exempt
from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D resulting
in gross proceeds to the Company of 1,285,430. A total of 1,270,000 units were sold under the first private placement dated February
14, 2019, at a purchase price of 0.50 per share resulting in gross proceeds of 635,000. Each unit was sold at a purchase price of 0.50
and consisted of one share of common stock and one five-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.75
per share. On April 22, 2019, the Company amended the private placement to include a second warrant to purchase one share of common stock
at an exercise price of 1.00 per share. 970,500 units were sold at a purchase price of 0.50 per unit resulting in gross proceeds of
 485,250. We used 1,008,225 of the proceeds to issue 6 promissory notes to Inform, Inc as a part of the potential acquisition. On July
15, 2019, these two offerings were terminated and replaced with a private placement offering units at a purchase price of 0.50 consisting
of one share of common stock, one five-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.75 per share, and
a second warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 1.00 per share. A total of 330,360 units were sold under
the private placement dated July 15, 2020 at a purchase price of 0.50 per share resulting in gross proceeds of 165,180. We used 148,662
of the proceeds to issue 6 promissory notes to Inform, Inc as a part of the potential acquisition. The investors in the first offering
dated February 14, 2020 were required to subscribe for the second warrant offered in the April 22, 2020 amendment in a private placement
dated July 11, 2019 which terminated on July 31, 2019 with no ability to extend. A total of 980,000 warrants were issued to eleven investors
in the first private placement who subscribed for the second warrant. Three investors did not subscribe for the second warrant. We did
not pay any commissions or finder s fees in this offering. We are using the proceeds for general working capital. 

During
2019, Mr. W. Kip Speyer, the Company s Chairman of the Board, purchased an aggregate of 1,200,000 shares of Series A-1 Stock at
a purchase price of 0.50 per share. 

During
2019, the Company sold an aggregate of 750,000 units of its securities to 3 accredited investors in a private placement exempt from registration
under the Securities Act in reliance on exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D resulting in gross proceeds
to the Company of 300,000. Each unit, which was sold at a purchase price of 0.40, consisted of one share of common stock and one five-year
warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.65 per share. 

In
the foregoing unit sales, we granted purchasers of the units demand and piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares of
our common stock included in the units and the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. In addition, we are
obligated to file a resale registration statement within 120 days following the closing of these offerings covering the shares of our
common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. We failed to timely file this resale registration statement, then within five
business days of the end of month we will pay the holders an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages, equal to 2 of the aggregate
purchase price paid by the holder for each 30 days, or portion thereof, until the earlier of the date the deficiency is cured or the
expiration of six months from filing deadline. We will keep any such registration statement effective until the earlier of the date upon
which all such securities may be sold without registration under Rule 144 or the date which is six months after the expiration of the
warrants. We are obligated to pay all costs associated with this registration statement, other than selling expenses of the holders. 

29 

Additional
terms of the warrants include: 

the
exercise price is subject to adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations,
reclassifications or similar events affecting our common stock and also upon any distributions of assets, including cash, stock or other
property to our shareholders; 

if
we fail to timely file the resale registration statement described above or at any time thereafter during the exercise period there is
not an effective registration statement registering such shares, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance
of the such shares to the holder for a period of at least 60 days following the delivery of a suspension notice (as described in the
warrants), then the warrants may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in
which case the holder would receive upon such exercise the net number of shares of common stock determined according to the formula set
forth in the warrants; 

providing
that there is an effective registration statement registering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrant, during
the exercise period, upon 30 days prior written notice to the holder following the date on which the last sale price of our common stock
equals or exceeds 1.50 per share for 10 consecutive trading days, as may be adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends and similar corporate
events, if the average daily trading volume of our common stock is not less than 30,000 shares during such 10 consecutive trading day
period, we have the right to call any or all of the warrants at a call price of 0.01 per underlying share; and 

a
 holder will not have the right to exercise any portion of the warrant if the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially
 own in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as
 such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the warrants; provided, however , that any holder may
 increase or decrease such percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99 upon at least 61 days prior notice from
 the holder to us. 

Purchases
of equity securities by the issuer and affiliated purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019
should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements that are included elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks
and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth under the Risk
Factors, Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Business sections in this prospectus. We use words such as anticipate ,
 estimate , plan , project , continuing , ongoing , expect ,
 believe , intend , may , will , should , could and similar
expressions to identify forward-looking statements. 

30 

Restatement 

This
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A gives effect to
certain adjustments made to our previously reported consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2019.
Due to the restatement of these periods, the data set forth in this MD A may not be comparable to discussions and data included in
our previously filed Annual Reports on Form 10-K for 2019. Refer to Note 2, Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial
Statements, in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of the accompanying audited financial
statements for further details related to the Restatement and immaterial correction of errors and the impact on our consolidated financial
statements. 

COVID-19
Update 

On
January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern 
and on March 11, 2020, declared COVID-19 a pandemic. The spread of COVID-19, a novel strain of coronavirus, has and continues to alter
the behavior of business and people in a manner that is having negative effects on local, regional and global economies. The COVID-19
pandemic has caused disruptions in the services we provide. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in many states and countries imposing
orders resulting in the closure of non-essential businesses, including many companies which advertise digitally. During 2021, we continued
seeing lower advertising dollar spend in the first half of the year, but saw a rebound during the second half of 2021 as the health crisis
improved supported by higher travel rates, national vaccination programs, higher vaccination rates for the general public and a broader
age distribution of vaccines permitting lower aged children to obtain the vaccinations. It appears the pandemic will continue into 2022,
but the digital ad spend dollars appears to be on an uptrend which would be positive for our industry. 

Overview 

Bright
Mountain Media, Inc. is engaged in operating a proprietary, end-to-end digital media and advertising services platform designed to connect
brand advertisers with demographically-targeted consumers both large audiences and more granular segments across digital,
social and connected television CTV publishing formats. We define end-to-end as our process for taking
ad buying from beginning to end, delivering a complete functional solution, usually without requiring any involvement from a third party. 

Through
acquisitions and organic software development initiatives, we have consolidated and plan to further condense key elements of the prevailing
digital advertising supply chain through the elimination of industry middlemen and/or costly redundancy of services. Our
aim is to enable and support a streamlined, end-to-end advertising model that addresses both demand (ad buy side) and supply (media sell
side) for both direct sales teams and programmatic sales and publishing of digital advertisements that reach specific target audiences
based on what, where, when and how that specific target audience elects to access certain web and/or streaming video content. 

Programmatic
advertising relies on computer programs to use data and proprietary algorithms to select which ads to buy and for what price, while direct
sales involves traditional interpersonal contact between ad buyers and advertising sales representative(s). 

By
selling advertisements on our current portfolio of 20 owned and operated websites and 13 CTV apps, coupled with acquisition or
development of other niche web properties in the future, we are building depth in specific demographic verticals that allow us to package
audiences into targeted consumer categories valued by advertisers. 

31 

We
currently own parenting and lifestyle domains CafeMom, Mom.com, LittleThings, Revelist, BabyNameWizard and MamasLatinas. Wild Sky Media s
diverse website portfolio averages more than 100 million page views per month. These particular web assets are the foundation of one
of Bright Mountain Media s audiences women between the ages of 19-54, which we believe appeal to brands focused on marketing
consumer products and providing products and services relating to parenting, insurance, mortgages, health, lifestyle and travel, among
others. Major brands on our platform connecting with consumers using our parenting and lifestyle domains include Amazon, Target, Disney,
Unilever, Clorox and Warner Brothers. 

When
advertisers leverage our end-to-end platform for serving ads on web and CTV apps we own and operate, Bright Mountain Media retains 100 
of the advertising dollars spent for the ads, also referred to as advertising spend. If advertisements are placed on our
partner publishers websites through our platform, they, too, benefit, earning up to 50 of the advertising spend. This compares
to a revenue yield of 30 or less of the advertising spend when ads are served through the conventional supply chain model. 

Results
of Operations 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

(As Restated) 
 
 Revenues 
 15,839,429 
 6,691,462 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 7,906,347 
 5,791,049 
 
 Gross profit 
 7,933,082 
 900,413 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 22,092,352 
 9,454,240 
 
 Impairment expense Intangible assets 
 16,486,929 

Impairment expense Goodwill 
 42,279,087 

Loss from continuing operations 
 (72,925,286 
 (8,553,827 
 
 Total other income 
 (356,650 
 131,724 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations 
 (73,281,936 
 (8,422,103 
 
 Discontinued operations 
 
 (136,734 
 
 Net loss before tax 
 (73,281,936 
 (8,558,837 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 567,514 
 4,384,146 
 
 Net loss 
 (72,714,422 
 (4,174,691 
 
 Total preferred stock dividends 
 (363,460 
 (319,367 
 
 Net loss attributable to common shareholders 
 (73,077,882 
 (4,494,058 

Revenue 

Advertising
revenues increased approximately 9.1 million or 137 in 2020 over 2019. Organically, there was a decrease in Revenues of 0.4 million
which was offset by an increase of 9.5 million attributable to the acquisition of Wild Sky Media on June 1, 2020. The organic decline
was principally related to the COVID-19 impact on digital ad spend where there was significant contraction in spend by brands and agencies.
The contraction receded during late Q3 2020 and continued improving during Q4 2020. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue as a percentage of revenues decreased approximately 37 , from approximately 87 in 2019 to approximately 50 in 2020 thereby
increasing gross profit margins from 13 during 2019 to 50 in 2020. During 2020, we incorporated the Wild Sky acquisition which, as
a digital publisher, has higher gross margins than our ad network businesses. As we continue to expand our digital publishing business
and make enhancements to our ad network platform operations during 2021, we will seek to continue to increase our gross margins. However,
as we operate in a highly competitive industry, there are no assurances our efforts will be successful. 

32 

Impairment
Expense 

During
2020, we recorded impairment expenses related to goodwill and intangible assets amounting to approximately 42.3 million and 16.5 million,
respectively. These were non-recurring events in 2020 driven in part by the COVID-19 pandemic, that were not present in 2019. 

The
year 2020 has been marked by the COVID-19 Global pandemic when many companies in various industries were forced to restructure their
advertising budgets and spending. This caused a significant contraction of economic activity at the beginning in the first months of
the year and has continued. Although there are recent signs of improvement with significant GDP gains, many companies have yet to reinstate
their advertising budgets and/or have changed the way they are spending these budgets. Many advertisers have moved away from direct ad
buys in favor of programmatic distribution with its lower costs. The fair value of the respective reporting units was determined based
on both the Income Approach (Discount Cash Flows) and the Market Multiples Approach. In September 2020, it was determined that the carrying
value of the Goodwill associated with the Ad Network reporting unit exceeded the fair value of the Goodwill and in September 2020, the
Company recorded an impairment charge of 42.3 million. No such adjustment was recorded for the Owned Operated reporting unit as
it was determined not to be impaired. 

Similarly,
we performed an assessment of our finite-lived intangibles based on indicators of impairment noted by management, including decreased
revenues. It was determined that the carrying values of the finite lived intangible assets associated with Oceanside did not exceed the
respective fair values of the assets, therefore no impairment associated with these assets has been recognized. It was determined
that the finite lived intangible assets associated with MediaHouse were deemed impaired based on an analysis of the carrying values and
fair values of the assets. In September 2020, the Company recorded an impairment charge of 16.5 million. 

Selling,
General and Administrative SG A Expenses 

SG A
expenses increased by approximately 12.6 million for 2020 compared to 2019. Our selling, general and administrative expenses
were 139 of our total revenues for 2020 as compared to 141 for 2019. The increase in our SG A expenses mainly reflects
the addition of the Wild Sky acquisition, which contributed 6.3 million, or 50 of the total increase. Additionally, increases
in payroll expense, research and development, and professional fees contributed to the remaining increase in expenses which were mainly
related to the full year impact in 2020 of the 2019 acquisitions. We experienced approximately 4.5 million of additional payroll costs
in 2020 resulting from the acquisition during the year. 

SG A
expenses are expected to continue to increase in a controlled manner as we execute our planned growth strategy of increasing website
visits both organically and through targeted acquisitions and providing the needed administrative support. We are unable at this time,
however, to predict the amount of the expected increase. 

Total
other income 

Other
income decreased by 0.5 million for 2020 compared to 2019. 

The
main driver of the decrease was: 

0.6
 million related to interest income and interest expense. Interest expense in 2020
 amounted to 0.6 million mainly related to the seller financing related to the acquisition
 of Wild Sky Media on June 1, 2020, by Centre Lane Partners. In 2019, interest income amounted
 to approximately 47.4 thousand related to a loan issued to Inform, Inc, which carries a
 6 interest rate, while interest expense amounted to approximately 20.1 thousand related
 to charges related to an invoice factoring agreement for the Oceanside subsidiary acquired
 in August 2019. 

33 

Proforma
results of acquisitions 

The
following table sets forth a summary of the unaudited pro forma results of the Company as if the acquisitions of Oceanside, MediaHouse,
and Wild Sky which closed in August 2019, November 2019, and June 2020, respectively, had taken place on the first day of 2019. These
combined results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may have been achieved had the business been acquired as of the first
day of the period presented. 

Year ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

(As restated) 
 
 Total revenue 
 21,336,887 
 37,343,496 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (90,365,754 
 (48,619,221 
 
 Net loss attributable to common shareholders 
 (79,476,397 
 (28,249,237 

Discontinued
Operations 

There
was no discontinued operations activity during 2020. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2019 we recorded a loss from discontinued operations of 0.1 million attributable to our product sales segment
which was discontinued effective December 31, 2018. As described earlier in this report and further in Part II, Item 8, Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 5, Discontinued Operations , the discontinuation of this segment was a strategic
decision which we believe permits us to focus our operational efforts on the advertising segment. 

Income
Tax Benefit 

For
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company has an income tax benefit of 567,514 and a deferred tax liability of 0 as a result of
the reversal of the existing deferred tax liabilities associated with acquisitions from the impairment recorded. The Company s
net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to annual limitations if the Company experiences a change of ownership as defined in
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company has not conducted a study to determine if a change of ownership has occurred. 

Preferred
stock dividends 

Preferred
stock dividends paid increased marginally by 44.1 thousand from 2019 to 2020. We paid stock dividends on our A-1 series of our preferred
stock which was held by an unrelated third party, and cash dividends on E and F series of our preferred stock which are held by affiliates. 

34 

Non-GAAP
Measures 

We
report Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations as a supplemental measure to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ).
This measure is one of the primary metrics by which we evaluate the performance of our business, on which our internal budgets are based.
We believe that investors have access to, and we are obligated to provide, the same set of tools that we use in analyzing our results.
This non-GAAP measure should be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with GAAP but should not be considered a substitute
for or superior to GAAP results. We endeavor to compensate for the limitations of the non-GAAP measure presented by providing the comparable
GAAP measure with equal or greater prominence and description of the reconciling items, including quantifying such items to derive the
non-GAAP measure. 

Our
adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations is defined as operating income/loss excluding: 

non-cash
 stock option compensation expense; 

non-cash
 loss on note exchange transaction with our Chairman of the Board; 

depreciation; 

acquisition-related
 items consisting of amortization expense and impairment expense; 

interest;
 and 

amortization
 on debt discount. 

We
believe this measure is useful for analysts and investors as this measure allows a more meaningful year-to-year comparison of our performance.
Moreover, our management uses this measure internally to evaluate the performance of our business as a whole. The above items are excluded
from adjusted EBITDA measure because these items are non-cash in nature, and we believe that by excluding these items, adjusted EBITDA
corresponds more closely to the cash operating income/loss generated from our business. Adjusted EBITDA has certain limitations in that
it does not take into account the impact to our statement of operations of certain expenses. 

Adjusted
EBITDA (used as described above) for the year ended December 31, 2020 was a loss of 7.0 million, compared to a loss of 3.2
million for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

The
following is a reconciliation of loss before tax - continuing operations, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to adjusted EBITDA: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

(As Restated) 
 
 Loss before tax continuing operations 
 (73,281,936 
 (8,422,103 
 
 Adjusted for: 

Share-based compensation (a) 
 947,147 
 204,255 
 
 Depreciation and amortization (b) 
 3,700,473 
 601,605 
 
 Acquisition related expenses (c) 
 1,281,801 
 4,314,999 
 
 Capital raise expenses (d) 
 319,979 
 109,442 
 
 Impairment expense (e) 
 58,766,016 

Gain on settlement (f) 
 - 
 (123,739 
 
 Interest expense, net (g) 
 630,725 
 (7,985 
 
 Oceanside seller note expense (h) 
 625,000 
 125,000 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations 
 (7,010,795 
 (3,198,526 

(a) Stock
 options and restricted stock awards were granted to employees and independent directors of
 the Company. 
 
 (b) Includes
 depreciation, amortization of intangibles and amortization of the debt discount. 
 
 (c) Acquisition
 expenses were incurred for the Wild Sky acquisition in 2020 and Oceanside and MediaHouse
 acquisitions in 2019. 
 
 (d) The
 Company incurred expenses in connection with raising capital from third parties in order
 to continue funding the Company. 
 
 (e) The
 Company recorded impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangibles in 2020 driven
 by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 (f) Gain
 on settlement agreement reached with a former vendor. 
 
 (g) Includes
 interest expense to related parties of 58,808 and 19,334 in 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 (h) Includes
 Oceanside seller note compensation expense of 750,000 between both years. This is a one-time,
 nonrecurring expense related to the Oceanside acceleration of the seller note accounting
 treatment. 

35 

Going concern 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared and are presented assuming the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, which
contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has sustained
a net loss of 72,714,422, used cash outflows from continuing operating activities of 6,508,935 for the year ended December 31, 2020,
and has an accumulated deficit of 93,932,080 at December 31, 2020 that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. 

We
consider liquidity in terms of cash flows from operations and their sufficiency to fund business operations, including working capital
needs, debt service, acquisitions, contractual obligations, and other commitments. In particular, to meet our payment service obligations
at all times, we must have sufficient highly liquid assets and be able to move funds on a timely basis. 

Our
principal sources of liquidity are our borrowing on our debt facilities along with capital raised through sale of our securities, supplemented
with cash generated by operating activities. Our primary cash needs are for day to day operations, to pay interest and principal on our
indebtedness, to fund working capital requirements and complete business acquisitions. 

As
of December 31, 2020, we had a balance of cash and cash equivalents of 0.7 million and negative working capital of 7.9 million
as compared to cash and cash equivalents of 1.0 million and negative working capital of 8.3 million at December 31, 2019. The
Company is in discussions with various vendors to settle balances due for common stock and/or common stock warrants as opposed to cash. 

Our
current assets increased approximately 2,425,488 or 42.6 as of December 31, 2020 from December 31, 2019 which reflects
the substantial increase in our accounts receivable and increases in our prepaid expenses primarily attributable to the one acquisition
during 2020. Our current liabilities increased 2,090,809 at December 31, 2020 from December 31, 2019 which primarily reflects
an increase in the current portion of long-term debt. 

During
2020 we have raised an additional 3,577,698 in net proceeds through the sale of our securities via a private placement memorandum which
includes one share and one stock warrant. We issued 10,398,700 shares and 10,398,700 warrants in the transactions. 

During
2021, the Company entered into an amendment to their existing Credit Agreement with Centre Lane Partners to provide an additional 4.6
million of funding and liquidity. Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, the term loan is due and payable on or before February
15, 2022. 

36 

Cash
flows 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

(As Restated) 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (6,508,935 
 (2,785,863 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 1,637,483 
 788,739 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 4,649,371 
 1,903,581 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents classified
 within assets related to discontinued operations 
 1,114 
 8,099 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (220,967 
 (85,444 

Net
cash used in operating activities totaled 6.5 million and 2.8 million for 2020 and 2019, respectively. The increase of 3.7 million
is a result of 0.6 million of changes in working capital and 3.1 million of cash generated by our operating results for the year ended
December 31, 2020, which were positively impacted by the growth of the business and acquisitions during the year. 

Net
cash provided in investing activities totaled 1.6 million in 2020 solely related to cash acquired as part of the Wild Sky Media acquisition,
compared to cash provided by investing activities of 0.8 million for 2019 mainly related to cash proceeds from acquisitions. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities totaled 4.6 million and 1.9 million for 2020 and 2019, respectively. Financing activities in
2020 were mainly cash provided from the sale of our securities, net of repayments of debt obligations and the payable of cash dividends
on our Series A, E and F convertible preferred stock to related parties. Financing activities in 2019 were mainly the sale of our securities,
net of repayments of debt obligations and the payable of cash dividends on our Series E and F convertible preferred stock to related
parties. 

Off
balance sheet arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources
that are material to investors. 

Critical
accounting policies 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management
to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and related
notes, as well as the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Management evaluates
its accounting policies, estimates and judgments on an on-going basis. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience
and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions and conditions. Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data, Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

37 

Critical
accounting policies are those policies that management believes are very important to the portrayal of our financial position and results
of operations, and that require management to make estimates that are difficult, subjective or otherwise complex. Based on these criteria,
management has identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue from its own advertising platform, ad network partners and websites Ad Network through its
publishing advertiser impressions and pay-for-click services, our owned and operated sites, our ad network, or platforms. Invalid traffic
on the Ad Network may impact the amount collected and adjusted by our Ad Network. 

The
Company has one revenue stream generated directly from publishing advertisements, whether on our owned and operated sites, our ad network,
or platforms. The revenue is earned when the users click on the published website advertisements. Specific revenue recognition criteria
for the advertising revenue stream are as follows: 

Advertising
 revenues are generated by users clicking on or seeing website advertisements utilizing several ad networks partners.

Revenues
 are recognized net of adjustments based on the traffic generated and is billed monthly. The Company subsequently settles these transactions
 with publishers at which time adjustments for invalid traffic may impact the amount collected. 

On
January 1, 2019, the Company adopted the new accounting standard, FASB ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, as amended,
which modified the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition for years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019. Refer
to Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 5, Revenue Recognition for further information about
the impact of the adoption of this new accounting standard. 

Accounts
Receivable 

Accounts
receivable represent receivables from customers in the ordinary course of business. These are recorded at invoiced amounts on the date
revenue is recognized. Receivables are recorded net of the allowance for doubtful accounts in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
The Company provides allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to repay their
obligation. If the financial condition of the Company s customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability
to repay, additional allowances may be required. The Company provides for potential uncollectible accounts receivable based on specific
customer identification and historical collection experience adjusted for existing market conditions. If market conditions decline, actual
collection experience may not meet expectations and may result in decreased cash flows and increased bad debt expense. The Company is
also subject to adjustments from traffic settlements that are deducted from open invoices. 

The
policy for determining past due status is based on the contractual payment terms of each customer, which are generally net 30 or net
60 days. Once collection efforts by the Company and its collection agency are exhausted, the determination for charging off uncollectible
receivables is made. 

38 

Goodwill,
Net and Intangible Assets, Net 

Goodwill
and Intangible assets result primarily from acquisitions. The Company categorizes Goodwill into two reporting units: Owned 
Operated and Ad Network . Intangible assets include trade name, customer relationships, IP/technology and non-compete
agreements. Upon the acquisition, the purchase price is first allocated to identifiable assets and liabilities, including the trade name
and other intangibles, with any remaining purchase price recorded as goodwill. 

Goodwill
is not amortized, rather, an impairment test is conducted on an annual basis, or more frequently if indicators of impairment are present,
which are determined through a qualitative assessment. A qualitative assessment includes consideration of the economic, industry and
market conditions in addition to the overall financial performance of the Company and these assets. If our qualitative assessment does
not conclude that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is greater than the carrying value,
we perform a quantitative analysis. In a quantitative test, the fair value of a reporting unit is determined based on a discounted cash
flow analysis and further analyzed using other methods of valuation. A discounted cash flow analysis requires us to make various assumptions,
including assumptions about future cash flows, growth rates and discount rates. The assumptions about future cash flows and growth rates
are based on our long-term projections. Assumptions used in our impairment testing are consistent with our internal forecasts and operating
plans. Our discount rate is based on our debt structure, adjusted for current market conditions. If the fair value of the reporting unit
exceeds its carrying amount, there is no impairment. If not, we compare the fair value with its carrying amount. To the extent the carrying
amount exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge of the reporting unit s goodwill would be necessary. The Company s annual
assessment date is September 30. 

The
Company s trade name, customer relationships and IP/technology are amortized on a straight-line basis over a useful life of 5 years.
Non-compete agreements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the length of each agreement, typically between 3-5 years. The Company
reviews for impairment indicators of finite-lived intangibles and other long-lived assets as described below in Amortization and
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. 

Amortization
and Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

The
Company evaluates long-lived assets, including amortizable intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Upon such an occurrence, recoverability of assets to be held and
used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to forecasted undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated
by the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the
amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. For long-lived assets held for sale, assets are
written down to fair value, less cost to sell. Fair value is determined based on discounted cash flows, appraised values or management s
estimates, depending upon the nature of the assets. 

Income
Taxes 

We
use the asset and liability method to account for income taxes. Under this method, deferred income taxes are determined based on the
differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements which
will result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years and are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws in the period
those differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided to reduce net deferred tax assets to the amount that, based
on available evidence, is more likely than not to be realized. 

39 

The
Company follows the provisions of ASC 740-10, Income Taxes - Overall. When tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that some positions
taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the
position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10, the benefit
of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all available evidence, management believes
it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes,
if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with
the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as
described above should be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along
with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated
with unrecognized tax expenses are recognized as tax expenses in the Statement of Operations. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable for a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements and related notes, together with the report of independent registered public accounting
firm, appear starting at pages F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 are incorporated
by reference in this Item 8. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

On
August 25, 2021, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Bright Mountain Media, Inc. (the Company dismissed
EisnerAmper LLP Eisner ), as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, effective August 24,
2021, and engaged WithumSmith+Brown, PC Withum as its new independent registered public accounting firm for the
years ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020. As described below, the change in independent registered public accounting firm
is not the result of any disagreement with Eisner. 

Eisner s
audit reports on the financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2018 did not provide an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion
to the Company s financial statements, or modify its opinion as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles except for
the inclusion of an explanatory paragraph related to substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern, but the 2019
opinion was withdrawn when the Company filed its Form 8-K on March 31, 2021 stating that a restatement was necessary and all previously
filed financials could not be relied upon. 

During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, and the subsequent interim period through August 24, 2021, there were: (i) no disagreements
within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions between the Company and Eisner on any matters
of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure which, if not resolved to Eisner s
satisfaction, would have caused Eisner to make reference thereto in their reports; and (ii) no reportable events within
the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, except that Eisner concurred with the Company s assessment of material weaknesses
related to the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 

40 

In
its Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, as set forth in Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2019, June 30, 2019, September 30, 2019, March
31, 2020, June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020 and Item 9A Controls and Procedures of the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company reported material weaknesses in its internal controls over financial reporting,
which constitute reportable events (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). These material weaknesses are: i) Insufficient
segregation of duties, oversight of work performed and lack of compensating controls in our finance and accounting functions due to limited
personnel, ii) The Company s systems that impact financial information and disclosures have ineffective information technology
controls, iii) Inadequate controls surrounding revenue recognition, to ensure that all material transactions and developments impacting
the financial statements are reflected and properly recorded, iv) Management evaluation of 1) the disclosure controls and procedures
and 2) internal control over financial reporting was not sufficiently comprehensive due to limited personnel, v) Ineffective controls
and procedures in area of review and preparation of Form 10-K and other filings on a timely basis, vi) Inadequate controls surrounding
information provided to third party valuation reports in connection with acquisitions to ensure that the financial information is accurate
and free from misstatements, and vii) Management calculation of the provision for income taxes and related deferred income taxes were
not calculated correctly in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes. Management needs to gain a more precise understanding of the components
of the income tax provision and deferred income taxes and monitor the differences between the income tax basis and financial reporting
basis of assets and liabilities to effectively reconcile the deferred income tax balances. The Audit Committee discussed the subject
matter of the reportable events with Eisner. The Company has authorized Eisner to respond fully to Withum s inquiries concerning
the subject matter of such reportable events. Notwithstanding these material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting,
the Company has concluded that, based on its knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included
in its Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 present fairly, in all material respects the Company s
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. However, on March 31, 2021, the Company issued a Form 8-K where it disclosed that it determined that the
Company s previously issued consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2019, and the unaudited
consolidated financial statements as of and for each of the interim quarterly periods ended September 30, 2019, March 31, 2020, June
30, 2020 and September 30, 2020 (collectively, the Prior Period Financial Statements ), should no longer be relied upon
due to material errors contained in those financial statements. 

During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 and the subsequent interim period through August 24, 2021, neither the Company nor
anyone on its behalf has consulted with Withum regarding: (i) the application of accounting principles to a specific transaction, either
completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements, and neither a
written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company that Withum concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in
reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing, or financial reporting issue; (ii) any matter that was the subject of a disagreement
within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions; or (iii) any reportable event within the meaning
of Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

The
Company provided Eisner with a copy of its Form 8-K prior to its filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and requested that Eisner furnish the Company with a letter addressed to the SEC stating whether or not Eisner agrees with the above
statements. A copy of the letter from Eisner dated August 31, 2021 is filed with its Form 8-K. 

Concurrent
with the decision to dismiss Eisner as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, the Company s Audit Committee
and the Board of Directors approved the engagement of Withum as the Company s new independent registered public accounting firm
to audit the Company s financial statements fiscal year 2019 and 2020. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
pursuant to the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules,
regulations and related forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and President, and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. A control
system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control
system are met. Because of inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues, if any, within an organization have been detected. Accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system are met. 

41 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of December 31, 2020. Based
on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2020, our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective because of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting ICFR described below. 

Notwithstanding
such material weakness in ICFR, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that
our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020 and our restated consolidated balance sheet, restated
consolidated statement of operations, restated consolidated statement of changes in shareholders equity and restated consolidated
statement of cash flows as of and for the year ended December 31, 2019, present fairly, in all material respects, our financial
position, results of our operations and our cash flows for the periods presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in conformity with
GAAP. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate ICFR (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our
ICFR includes controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-15(f). Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and President,
and our Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based
on the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework (the COSO Framework ). Based on this evaluation under the COSO
Framework, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective because
of the material weaknesses described below. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, within the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB Audit Standard No. 5, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. Management has identified the following material weaknesses, which have caused management to conclude that as of December 31,
2020 our ICFR were not effective at the reasonable assurance level: 

Insufficient
 segregation of duties, oversight of work performed and lack of compensating controls in our finance and accounting functions due
 to limited personnel. 

The
 Company s systems that impact financial information and disclosures have ineffective information technology controls. 

Inadequate
 controls surrounding revenue recognition, to ensure that all material transactions and developments impacting the financial statements
 are reflected and properly recorded; 

Management
 evaluation of 1) the disclosure controls and procedures and 2) internal control over financial reporting was not sufficiently comprehensive
 due to limited personnel. 

Ineffective
 controls and procedures in area of review and preparation of Form 10-K and other filings on a timely basis. 

42 

Inadequate
 controls surrounding information provided to third party valuation reports in connection with acquisitions to ensure that the financial
 information is accurate and free from misstatements. 

Management
 calculation of the provision for income taxes and related deferred income taxes were not calculated correctly in accordance with
 ASC 740, Income Taxes. Management needs to gain a more precise understanding of the components of the income tax provision and deferred
 income taxes and monitor the differences between the income tax basis and financial reporting basis of assets and liabilities to
 effectively reconcile the deferred income tax balances. 

Internal
Control Remediation Efforts. Management expects to remediate the material weaknesses identified above as follows: 

Management
 has leveraged and will continue to leverage experienced consultants to assist with ongoing GAAP, U.S. Securities, and Exchange Commission
 compliance requirements. We have expanded our finance department through the hiring of a certified public accountant to strengthen
 the segregation of duties, internal controls and enhance our current staff. Management will further expand the accounting and finance
 function by hiring appropriate staff to resolve this material weakness in 2021. 

Segregation
 of duties will be analyzed and adjusted Company-wide as part of the internal controls implementation and documentation of
 those controls and procedures that is expected to commence in 2021. 

In
 addition, we expect that the discontinuation of the E-Commerce segment will provide the opportunity for the finance department to
 focus on enhancing the efficiency and effectiveness of the department functions and reporting, allowing the staff to focus on one
 segment and revenue stream. 

The
 Company plans on evaluating various accounting systems to enhance our system controls. 

The
 Company plans to bring in consultants as needed to assist with the preparation of financial reports to be filed and ensure filings
 are made on a timely basis. 

The
 Company plan to implement controls related to the information to be provided to third party valuation firms to ensure information
 is accurate and free from misstatements. 

The
 Company will provide additional training and development classes for accounting and finance staff regarding current changes in accounting
 for income taxes and deferred income taxes, pursuant to ASC 740, to enhance their current skills and understanding of the components
 of deferred taxation and accounting for income taxes. 

We
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our ICFR on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and
implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered independent public accounting firm
on management s assessment regarding ICFR due to the exemption from such requirements established by rules of the SEC for smaller
reporting companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

As
stated, the steps taken in remediation were the changes in the Company s ICFR (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2020 that has materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

43 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Executive
Officers and Directors 

Name 
 Age 
 Positions 
 
 W. Kip Speyer 
 73 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Edward Cabanas 
 50 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Todd F. Speyer 
 40 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer- Bright Mountain, LLC 
 
 Joey Winshman 
 33 
 Director, Chief Marketing Officer - Oceanside 
 
 Pamela Parizek 
 56 
 Director 
 
 Charles H. Lichtman 
 66 
 Director 
 
 Harry Schulman 
 68 
 Director 
 
 Gretchen Tibbits 
 54 
 Director 

Named Executive Officer NEO 

W.
Kip Speyer has been our CEO, President and Chairman of the Board since May 2010. During December 2021, he has stepped down as
CEO and transitioned Mr. Matthew Drinkwater as the Company s new CEO (see Subsequent Events Note 20 for further information). From
2005 to 2009 Mr. Speyer served as a director, the president and chief executive officer of Speyer Door and Window, LLC, which was sold
to Haddon Windows, LLC (SecuraSeal, LLC, AccuWeld Corporation) in December 2009. From October 2002 to May 2005 Mr. Speyer had been a
private investor. Mr. Speyer was president and chief executive officer of Intelligent Systems Software, Inc. from October 2000 through
June 2002, whereby Mr. Speyer became chief executive officer of ICAD, Inc. (ICAD: NASDAQ) which was a combination of ISSI and Howtek,
Inc. (HOWT:NASDAQ). Mr. Speyer was the president and chief executive officer of Galileo Corporation (GAEO: NASDAQ) from 1998 to 1999.
Galileo Corporation changed its name to NetOptix (OPTX: NASDAQ) and was merged with Corning Corporation (GLW: NYSE) in a stock purchase
in May 2000. From 1996 to 1998 Mr. Speyer was the president of Leisegang Medical Group, three medical device companies owned by Galileo
Corporation. Prior to joining Galileo Corporation, Mr. Speyer founded Leisegang Medical, Inc. and served as its president and chief executive
officer from 1986 to 1996. Leisegang Medical, Inc. was a company specializing in medical devices for women s health. Mr. Speyer
is a graduate of Northeastern University, Boston, Massachusetts, where he earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration
in 1972. Mr. W. Kip Speyer is active in many local charities and is the father of Mr. Todd F. Speyer, our Chief Operating Officer 
Bright Mountain, LLC and a director. Mr. Speyer s experience as the Chief Executive Officer and/or Chairman of the Board of Directors
of other public companies were factors considered by our board of directors in concluding that he should be serving as a director of
our company. 

Edward
Cabanas Mr. Cabanas was appointed Chief Financial Officer on September 1, 2020. Mr. Cabanas, age 49 served as the Vice President-Finance
for ACAMS, L.L.C. (Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialists), a wholly owned subsidiary of Adtalem Global Education
(NYSE: ATGE) where he oversaw the finance function for the company and partnered with the operation focusing on sales management, international
expansion and product development. From February 2017 until August 2019 Mr. Cabanas served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer for the connectivity segment of Global Eagle Entertainment (NASDAQ: ENT) where he oversaw the global finance and accounting functions
for a leading provider of satellite-based connectivity to the air, sea and remote land markets. From 2001 until 2016 Mr. Cabanas served
in various senior finance and business development positions at Laureate Education (NASDAQ: LAUR). Mr. Cabanas received a BS in Public
Accounting from Fordham University and obtained his CPA license (currently inactive) from The State of New York. 

Todd
F. Speyer has been a member of the board of directors and an employee of our company since January 2011, currently serving as
our Chief Executive Officer Bright Mountain, LLC. Mr. Speyer is responsible for the content and operations of our owned websites
and proprietary ad serving technology. For over the previous five and one-half years, he has been responsible for the integration
of all website organic growth and acquisitions, including content, design and visitor traffic. Previously, Mr. Speyer was our Director
of Business Development, helping locate acquisitions and shaping the website portfolio. Mr. Speyer graduated from Florida State University
in 2004 with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in English Literature. Mr. Todd F. Speyer is the son of Mr. W. Kip Speyer, our CEO, President
and Chairman. Mr. Speyer s website development experience as well as his marketing experience were factors considered by our board
of directors in concluding that he should be serving as a director of our company. 

44 

Joey
Winshman has been a member of our Board of Directors since August 2019. Mr. Winshman has served as Chief Marketing Officer of
S W since co-founding the company in February 2015. Since June 2019 he has also served as Chief Marketing Officer of Lumynox, a subsidiary
of S W. Prior to co-founding S W, from June 2013 until January 2015 Mr. Winshman was Media Manager for Taptica International
Ltd., now known as T remor International Ltd. (AIM: TRMR), a leader in advertising technologies
with operations in more than 60 countries. Mr. Winshman, who is a citizen of both Israel and the U.S., received a B.S. in Business Administration,
Management Information Systems, from the University of Vermont. 

Pamela
Parizek has been a member of our Board of Directors since October 2020. Pam has
over 30 years of experience advising corporate boards, audit committees, c-suite executives and outside counsel on complex accounting,
legal and regulatory matters. She is a JD/CPA, certified in financial forensics, and previously served in the enforcement division of
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and led the Washington, DC forensic practice of a Big Four accounting firm. Pamela
has led numerous investigations involving public companies, private entities and charitable foundations and her findings have been presented
to U.S. and foreign regulatory authorities in compliance with restrictive data protection and privacy regimes around the world.
She has also provided forensic assistance to audit engagement teams on fraud risk, accounting irregularities and alleged illegal acts.
Pamela serves on the Board of Directors of Foundation for a Smoke-Free World and on the Board of Trustees of the National Museum of Women
in the Arts. She previously served on the boards of Global Kids, Inc. and the SEC Historical Society. Ms. Parizek holds a JD from Northwestern
University School of Law and a BA from Harvard College. 

Charles
H. Lichtman has been a member of our board of directors since October 2014. Mr. Lichtman is an attorney practicing law since
1980, licensed in Illinois and Florida. He is a partner of Berger Singerman LLP since 2001. Mr. Lichtman has been honored as a two-time
Lawyer of the Year by Best Lawyers in America and noted by them for his excellence every year since 2009 in the categories of Complex
Business Litigation, Securities Litigation, Bankruptcy Litigation and Commercial Litigation. He has also been recognized by Chambers
International and received other legal awards from various entities and periodicals. Mr. Lichtman s professional experience as
an attorney was the factor considered by our board of directors in concluding that he should be serving as a director of our company. 

Harry
D. Schulman has been a member of our Board of Directors since November 2019. For more than 20 years he has served on multiple
boards including Baird Capital, a private equity firm managing over 3 billion, Hancock Fabrics, Inc., O2 Media, Inc., QEP and HeZhong
International Holdings. He holds a Master s degree in International Business from the University of Miami and a Bachelor s
degree in Business from the University of Dayton. 

There
are no family relationships between any of the executive officers and directors other than as set forth above. Each director is elected
at our annual meeting of shareholders and holds office until the next annual meeting of shareholders, or until his successor is elected
and qualified. If any director resigns, dies or is otherwise unable to serve out his or her term, or if the board increases the number
of directors, the board may fill any vacancy by a vote of a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum exists.
A director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the unexpired term of his or her predecessor. Vacancies occurring by reason of the
removal of directors without cause may only be filled by vote of the shareholders. 

Gretchen
Tibbits joined the Board of Directors in February 2021. Ms. Tibbits has over 25 years of experience in management, strategy,
and mergers acquisitions. She is an Investment Banker focused on the media technology and consumer content commerce
sectors. Previously, Ms. Tibbits served in executive roles at LittleThings, StyleCaster, Hearst, ESPN, and WorkingWomanNetwork. Ms. Tibbits
holds an M.B.A. in Finance and Management from New York University, where she was a Stern Scholar, and a B.A. from the University of
Virginia. She currently chairs the Campaign for the Arts and the Arts Endowment at the University of Virginia and serves on the board
of the Tectonic Theater Project. 

Ms.
Tibbits has no arrangements or understandings with any other person pursuant to which she was appointed as a director and no family relationships
with any director or executive officer of the Company. Ms. Tibbits has no direct or indirect beneficial ownership in the Company s
common stock or rights to acquire common stock. 

45 

Leadership
structure, independence of directors and risk oversight 

Mr.
W. Kip Speyer serves as our Chairman of our board of directors. Messrs. Lichtman, Schulman, Parizek, and Tibbits are considered
independent directors within the meaning of Rule 802 of the NYSE American Company Guide. 

Risk
is inherent with every business, and how well a business manages risk can ultimately determine its success. We face a number of risks,
including credit risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, strategic risk and reputation risk. Management is responsible
for the day-to-day management of risks we face, while the board, as a whole and through its committees, has responsibility for the oversight
of risk management. In its risk oversight role, the board of directors has the responsibility to satisfy itself that the risk management
process designed and implemented by management are adequate and functioning as designed. To do this, the chairman of the board meets
regularly with management to discuss strategy and the risks facing our company. Senior management attends the board meetings and is available
to address any questions or concerns raised by the board on risk management and any other matters. The chairman of the board and independent
members of the board work together to provide strong, independent oversight of our company s management and affairs through its
standing committees and, when necessary, special meetings of independent directors. 

Committees
of our board of directors 

In
May 2015, our board of directors established a standing Audit Committee and a standing Compensation Committee. In August 2016, our board
of directors established a standing Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Each committee has a written charter. The charters
are available on our website at www.brightmountainmedia.com. All committee members are required to be independent directors. 

Information
concerning the current membership and function of each committee is as follows: 

Director 
 Audit Committee 
 Compensation Committee 
 Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee 
 
 Charles H. Lichtman 

Harry Schulman 

Pamela Parizek 

Gretchen Tibbits 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee assists the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to: 

the
 integrity of our financial statements; 

our
 compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; and 

the
 appointment, compensation, and oversight of our independent registered public accountants. 

The
Audit Committee is composed of two directors, each of whom has been determined by the board of directors to be independent within
the meaning of the NYSE American Company Guide. Two of the members of the Audit Committee are qualified as an audit committee
financial expert as defined by the SEC. The Audit Committee met four times during 2020. 

46 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee assists the board in: 

determining,
 in executive session at which our Chief Executive Officer is not present, the compensation for our CEO or President, if such person
 is acting as the CEO; 

discharging
 its responsibilities for approving and evaluating our officer compensation plans, policies and programs; 

reviewing
 and recommending to the board regarding compensation to be provided to our employees and directors; and 

administering
 our stock compensation plans. 

The
Compensation Committee is charged with ensuring that our compensation programs are competitive, designed to attract and retain highly
qualified directors, officers, and employees, encourage high performance, promote accountability and assure that employee interests are
aligned with the interests of our shareholders. The Compensation Committee is composed of two directors, both of whom have been determined
by the board of directors to be independent within the meaning of the NYSE American Company Guide. The Compensation Committee did not
meet in 2020. 

Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee 

The
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee: 

assists
 the board in selecting nominees for election to the Board; 

monitors
 the composition of the board; 

develops
 and recommends to the board, and annually reviews, a set of effective corporate governance policies and procedures applicable to
 our company; and 

regularly
 reviews the overall corporate governance of the Corporation and recommends improvements to the board as necessary. 

The
purpose of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is to assess the performance of the board and to make recommendations to
the board from time to time, or whenever it shall be called upon to do so, regarding nominees for the board and to ensure our compliance
with appropriate corporate governance policies and procedures. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is composed of two directors,
both of whom have been determined by the board of directors to be independent within the meaning of the NYSE American Company Guide.
The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee met three times in 2020. 

Shareholder
nominations 

Shareholders
who would like to propose a candidate may do so by submitting the candidate s name, resume and biographical information to the
attention of our Corporate Secretary. All proposals for nomination received by the Corporate Secretary will be presented to the Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee for appropriate consideration. It is the policy of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
to consider director candidates recommended by shareholders who appear to be qualified to serve on our board of directors. The Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee may choose not to consider an unsolicited recommendation if no vacancy exists on the board of directors
and the committee does not perceive a need to increase the size of the board of directors. In order to avoid the unnecessary use of the
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee s resources, the committee will consider only those director candidates recommended
in accordance with the procedures set forth below. To submit a recommendation of a director candidate to the Corporate Governance and
Nominating Committee, a shareholder should submit the following information in writing, addressed to the Corporate Secretary of Bright
Mountain at our main office: 

the
 name and address of the person recommended as a director candidate; 

all
 information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant
 to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act; 

the
 written consent of the person being recommended as a director candidate to be named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serve
 as a director if elected; 

as
 to the person making the recommendation, the name and address, as they appear on our books, of such person, and number of shares
 of our common stock owned by such person; provided, however , that if the person is not a registered holder of our common stock,
 the person should submit his or her name and address along with a current written statement from the record holder of the shares
 that reflects the recommending person s beneficial ownership of our common stock; and 

a
 statement disclosing whether the person making the recommendation is acting with or on behalf of any other person and, if applicable,
 the identity of such person. 

47 

Code
of Ethics and Conduct 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics and Conduct which applies to our board of directors, our executive officers and our employees. The Code
of Ethics and Conduct outlines the broad principles of ethical business conduct we adopted, covering subject areas such as: 

conflicts
 of interest; 

corporate
 opportunities; 

public
 disclosure reporting; 

confidentiality; 

protection
 of company assets; 

health
 and safety; 

conflicts
 of interest; and 

compliance
 with applicable laws. 

A
copy of our Code of Ethics and Conduct is available without charge, to any person desiring a copy, by written request to us at our principal
offices at 6400 Congress Avenue, Suite 2050, Boca Raton, Florida 33487. 

Director
compensation 

In
December 2017, our board of directors adopted a compensation policy for our independent directors for 2019. Under the terms of the 2019
director compensation policy, independent directors will receive 500 in cash for each board meeting attended and members of any committee
of the board receive an additional 250 per committee meeting attended. In November 2019, our board of directors changed the compensation
policy to compensate the directors 2,500 stock options for each meeting attended. Our non-independent directors are not compensated for
their services. At the end of 2020, our board of directors changed the compensation policy to compensate the independent directors
with 45,000 restricted shares per year on a pro-rata basis, based on their start date. 

The
following table provides information concerning the compensation paid to our independent directors for their services as members of our
board of directors for 2020. The information in the following table excludes any reimbursement of out-of-pocket travel and lodging expenses
which we may have paid: 

Fees 

Non-equity 
 Nonqualified 

earned 

incentive 
 deferred 

or 
 Stock 
 Option 
 plan 
 compensation 
 All other 

paid in 
 awards 
 awards 
 compensation 
 earnings 
 Compensation 

Name 
 cash ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Harry Schulman 
 
 139,050 
 7,450 

146,500 
 
 Pamela Parizek 
 
 28,953 

28,953 
 
 Charles Lichtman 
 
 139,050 
 7,450 

146,500 
 
 Gretchen Tibbits (1) 

(1) Ms.
 Tibbits joined the board in February 2021. She did not earn and was not paid any compensation
 during the 2020 year. 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than
10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial statements of beneficial
ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of our common shares and other equity securities,
on Forms 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required by the Securities and
Exchange Commission regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based on our review of the copies of
such forms received by us, all executive officers, directors and persons holding greater than 10 of our issued and outstanding stock
have filed the required reports in a timely manner during 2020, except for Mr. Kip Speyer who failed to timely file one Form 4, related
to one disposition by gift. The delinquent Form 4 has subsequently been filed. 

48 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table summarizes all compensation recorded by us in the past two years for: 

our
 principal executive officer or other individual serving in a similar capacity; 

our
 two most highly compensated executive officers other than our principal executive officer who were serving as executive officers
 at December 31, 2020; and 

up
 to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving as
 an executive officer at December 31, 2020. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and principal
 position 
 Year 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock
 Awards ) (1) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 No equity
 incentive plan compensation ) 
 Non-qualified
 deferred compensation earnings ) 
 All
 other compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 W. Kip Speyer, Chairman of the Board (2) 
 2020 
 275,520 

9,785 
 285,305 

2019 
 165,000 

8,800 
 173,800 
 
 Emily Smith, Chief Executive Officer Wild Sky Media (3) 
 2020 
 235,000 

Todd Speyer, Chief Executive Officer Bright Mountain, LLC 
 2020 
 144,347 

144,347 

2019 
 114,583 

114,583 
 
 Edward Cabanas, Chief Financial Officer (4) 
 2020 
 73,903 

73,903 
 
 Alan Bergman, Former Chief Financial Officer (5) 
 2020 
 140,000 

140,000 

2019 
 67,500 

67,500 
 
 Greg Peters, Former President and Chief Operating Officer (6) 
 2020 
 325,000 

325,000 

2019 
 40,625 

40,625 

(1) 
 The
 amounts included in the Stock Awards column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the shares of our common
 stock, computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718. 
 
 (2) 
 The
 amount of compensation paid to Mr. W. Kip Speyer excludes 63,136 and 191,862 in interest and dividend payments for 2020 and 2019,
 respectively. Effective December 1, 2021, Mr. W. Kip Speyer has transitioned Chief Executive Officer role into Chairman of the Board. 
 
 (3) 
 Ms.
 Smith joined the Company in connection with the Wild Sky acquisition on June 1, 2020. 
 
 (4) 
 Mr.
 Cabanas joined the Company as its Chief Financial Officer on September 1, 2020. 
 
 (5) 
 As
 of December 31, 2020, Mr. Bergman is no longer an officer of the Company. 
 
 (6) 
 Mr.
 Peters resigned as the President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company effective December 31, 2020. 

Employment
agreement with our named executive and other executive officers 

W.
Kip Speyer 

We
have entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with W. Kip Speyer, our Chairman of the Board, with an effective date of June 1,
2014. Under the terms of this agreement, he is serving as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of our company.
On April 1, 2017, we entered into an amendment to his employment agreement which extended the term for an additional three years, set
his base compensation at 165,000 per annum and provided the ability to earn a performance bonus beginning for 2017 based upon annual
revenues above 3,000,000 per year and the certain earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation, or EBITDA, goals as
follows: (i) for annual revenues of 3,000,000 to 3,500,000, a bonus of 25 of his then base salary; (ii) for annual revenues of 3,500,001
to 4,000,000 and a minimum EBITDA of 100,000, a bonus of 40 of his then base salary; (iii) for annual revenues of 4,000,0001 to 4,500,000
and a minimum EBITDA of 150,000, a bonus of 65 of his then base salary; and (iv) for annual revenues of 4,500,001 or greater and a
minimum EBITDA of 175,000, a bonus of 80 of this then base salary. Effective April 1, 2020, we entered into an amendment of his employment
agreement to adjust his compensation to an annual rate of 325,000 and remove the performance bonus structure. 

49 

The
agreement with Mr. Speyer will terminate upon his death or disability. In the event of a termination upon his death, we are obligated
to pay his beneficiary or estate an amount equal to one-year base salary plus any earned bonus at the time of his death. In the event
the agreement is terminated as a result of his disability, as defined in the agreement, he is entitled to continue to receive his base
salary for a period of one year. We are also entitled to terminate the agreement either with or without case, and he is entitled to voluntarily
terminate the agreement upon one year s notice to us. In the event of a termination by us for cause, as defined in the agreement,
or voluntarily by Mr. Speyer, we are obligated to pay him the base salary through the date of termination. In the event we terminate
the agreement without cause, we are obligated to give him one years notice of our intent to terminate and, at the end of the one-year
period, pay an amount equal to two times his annual base salary together with any bonuses which may have been earned as of the date of
termination. A constructive termination of the agreement will also occur if we materially breach any term of the agreement or if a successor
to our company fails to assume our obligations under Mr. Speyer s employment agreement. In that event, he will be entitled to the
same compensation as if we terminated the agreement without cause. The employment agreement contains customary non-compete and confidentiality
provisions. We have also agreed to indemnify Mr. Speyer pursuant to the provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation
and amended and restated by-laws. Effective December 1, 2021, Mr. W. Kip Speyer has transitioned Chief Executive Officer role into Chairman
of the Board. 

Todd
Speyer 

We
are not a party to an employment agreement with Mr. Todd Speyer. His compensation is determined by the compensation committee, based
upon industry norms. Mr. Todd Speyer is Mr. Kip Speyer s son. Mr. Todd Speyer s compensation may be changed from time to
time at the discretion of the compensation committee of the board of directors. 

Edward
Cabanas 

We
are not a party to an employment agreement with Mr. Cabanas. His compensation is determined by the board of directors based upon industry
norms. Mr. Cabanas compensation may be changed from time to time at the discretion of the compensation committee of the board
of directors. 

Emily
Smith 

Ms. Emily Smith has an employment
agreement which was assigned to Bright Mountain per the acquisition of CL Media Holdings, LLC (d/b/a/ Wild Sky Media) which occurred
during June 2020. The agreement is dated August 15, 2019, subsequently amended on September 9, 2019. Ms. Smith would be the Chief Executive
Officer of Wild Sky Media and earn an annual salary of 400,000, be eligible for an annual discretionary bonus, and be eligible for-profit
participation. In case of termination, there is a 6-month severance clause, including continued benefits, if applicable, through the
6-month period. During April 2020, Ms. Smith accepted a reduction in pay to a base salary of 300,000 per year, which is still in effect
as of this writing. 

Greg
Peters 

Effective
December 31, 2020, the Company accepted the resignation of Mr. Gregory Peters as its President and Chief Operating Officer and a Director
of the Company. Effective January 1, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a Consulting Agreement with Greg Peters Peters Consulting
Agreement ). The Peters Consulting Agreement replaced Mr. Peters existing Employment Agreement. The Peters Consulting Agreement
will expire March 31, 2023 and will pay Mr. Peters 27,083 per month and he will provide up to 20 hours per week on matters mutually
agreed to between Mr. Peters and the Company s Chairman of the Board. Mr. Peters will not participate in the Company s benefit
programs and he is not entitled to any additional reimbursements except agreed out-of-pocket business expenses. Mr. Peters may work for
others provided such entities do not compete with the business of the Company. The above represents a summary of Mr. Peters Consulting
Agreement; the complete Peters Consulting Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.30 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

50 

Outstanding
equity awards at fiscal year-end 

The
following table provides information concerning unexercised stock options, stock that has not vested and equity incentive plan awards
for each named executive officer outstanding as of December 31, 2020, together with unexercised stock options, stock that has not vested
and equity incentive plan awards for each of our other executive officers outstanding as of December 31, 2020: 

OPTION AWARDS 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 
 W. Kip Speyer 

Edward Cabanas 
 
 100,000 
 
 2.10 
 8/3/30 

Todd Speyer 
 180,000 

0.14 
 1/3/21 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

100,000 

0.65 
 10/27/25 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

As
of November 17, 2021 we had 150,619,286 shares of our common stock issued and 149,794,111 shares of our common stock outstanding.
The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of that date by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock; 

each
 of our directors; 

each
 of our named executive officers; and 

our
 named executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless
specified below, the business address of each shareholder is c/o 6400 Congress Avenue, Suite 2050, Boca Raton, FL 33487. The percentages
in the table have been calculated on the basis of treating as outstanding for a particular person, all shares of our common stock outstanding
on that date and all shares of our common stock issuable to that holder in the event of exercise of outstanding options, warrants, rights
or conversion privileges owned by that person at that date which are exercisable within 60 days of that date. Except as otherwise indicated,
the persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock owned by them, except to
the extent that power may be shared with a spouse. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 of Class 

W. Kip Speyer (1) 
 30,968,507 
 20.7 
 
 Edward Cabanas 
 100,000 
 0.1 
 
 Todd F. Speyer (2) 
 616,900 
 0.4 
 
 Joey Winshman 
 4,353,351 
 2.9 
 
 Charles H. Lichtman (3) 
 1,717,636 
 1.1 
 
 Harry Schulman 
 50,000 
 0.0 
 
 Pamela Parizek 
 9,370 
 0.0 
 
 Gretchen Tibbits 
 - 
 - 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (eight persons) (1)(2)(3) 
 37,815,764 
 25.2 
 
 Andrew A. Handwerker (4) 
 11,918,458 
 8.0 
 
 Total Officers, Directors and Affiliates 
 49,734,222 
 33.2 

51 

(1) 
 The
 number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Speyer includes (i) 2,375,000 shares issuable upon the conversion of shares
 of our 10 Series E convertible preferred stock, (ii) 2,177,233 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares
 of our 12 Series F-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, (iii) 1,408,867 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares
 of our 6 Series F-2 Convertible Preferred Stock, (iv) 757,917 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares
 of our 10 Series F-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, (v) 1,200,000 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares
 of our 10 Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, and (vi) 200,000 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of convertible
 promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 80,000 which have a conversion price of 0.40 per share. 

(2) 
 The
 number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Speyer includes 75,000 shares underlying vested stock options. 

(3) 
 The
 number of shares beneficially owned by Mr. Lichtman includes 136,599 shares underlying vested stock options. 

(4) 
 The
 number of shares beneficially owned by Mr. Handwerker includes: 

5,169,500
 shares held jointly with his wife: and 

4,390,888
 shares held individually. 

The
number of shares beneficially owned by Mr. Handwerker excludes 750,000 shares underlying common stock purchase warrants. Under the terms
of the warrants, Mr. Handwerker may not exercise the warrants to the extent such conversion or exercise would cause him, together with
his affiliates, to beneficially own a number of shares of our common stock which would exceed 4.99 of our then outstanding shares of
our common stock following such exercise. This limitation may be increased to 9.99 at Mr. Handwerker s option upon 61 days 
notice to us. 

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans 

The
following table sets forth securities authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans approved by our shareholders as well
as any equity compensation plans not approved by our shareholders as of December 31, 2020. 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Plans approved by our shareholders: 

2011 Stock Option Plan 
 563,000 
 0.23 
 337,000 
 
 2013 Stock Option Plan 
 433,000 
 0.91 
 467,000 
 
 2015 Stock Option Plan 
 141,000 
 0.72 
 859,000 
 
 2019 Stock Option Plan 
 238,227 
 1.83 
 4,761,773 
 
 Plans not approved by shareholders: 
 - 
 - 
 - 

52 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related
party transactions 

Preferred
stock purchases 

During
2019, Mr. W. Kip Speyer purchased an aggregate of 1,200,000 shares of our 10 Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock at a purchase price
of 0.50 per share. We used the proceeds from these sales for working capital. 

During
2018, Mr. W. Kip Speyer purchased an aggregate of 1,125,500 shares of our 10 Series E Convertible Preferred Stock at a purchase price
of 0.40 per share. We used the proceeds from these sales for working capital. 

In
2020 and 2019 we paid cash dividends on these outstanding shares of our 10 Series E Convertible Preferred Stock and the three sub-series
of our Series F Convertible Preferred Stock described below of 55,000 and 180,931, to Mr. Speyer, respectively. 

Note
Exchange Agreement 

From
time-to-time Mr. Speyer lent us funds for working capital under the terms of various convertible promissory notes. On November 7, 2019
we entered into a Note Exchange Agreement with Mr. Speyer pursuant to which we exchanged: 

1,075,000
 principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest due Mr. Speyer under 12 Convertible Promissory Notes maturing between September
 26, 2021 and April 10, 2022 for 2,177,233 shares of our newly created Series F-1 Convertible Preferred Stock in full satisfaction
 of those notes: 

660,000
 principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest due Mr. Speyer under 6 Convertible Promissory Notes maturing between April 19,
 2022 and July 27, 2022 for 1,408,867 shares of our newly created Series F-2 Convertible Preferred Stock in full satisfaction of those
 notes: and 

300,000
 principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest due Mr. Speyer under 10 Convertible Promissory Notes maturing between August 1,
 2022 and August 30, 2022 for 757,197 shares of our newly created Series F-3 Convertible Preferred Stock in full satisfaction of those
 notes. 

Convertible
notes 

During
November 2019, we issued and sold Mr. Speyer two five-year unsecured convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of 80,000.
These notes, which are convertible at the option of the holder at any time at a conversion price of 0.40 per share, will automatically
convert into shares of our common stock on the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance. We used the proceeds from these notes for working
capital. 

Director
independence 

Messrs.
Lichtman, Schulman, Parizek and Tibbits are considered independent within the meaning of Section 802
of the NYSE American Company Guide. 

53 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table shows the fees for professional audit services and other services rendered by EisnerAmper, LLP for the audit of the Company s
annual financial statements for the years ended December 31 2020 and 2019, and fees billed for the other services rendered during those
periods. 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Audit Fees 
 348,800 
 309,990 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 300,350 
 49,920 
 
 Tax Fees 
 16,000 
 16,000 
 
 Total 
 665,150 
 375,910 

Audit
Fees This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection
with engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as
a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements. 

Audit-Related
Fees This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are
reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements or acquisition audits and are not reported above
under Audit Fees. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence
with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other accounting consulting. 

Tax
Fees This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax
compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

Our
board of directors has adopted a procedure for pre-approval of all fees charged by our independent registered public accounting firm.
Under the procedure, the Audit Committee of the Board approves the engagement letter with respect to audit, tax and review services.
Other fees are subject to pre-approval by the Audit Committee. The audit and tax fees paid to the auditors with respect to 2020 and 2019
were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 

54 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES 

15(a)(1)
Financial Statements 

The
financial statements and notes are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

15(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

The
financial statement schedules are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the
Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements , starting on page
F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

15(a)(3)
Exhibits 

The
exhibits are listed in the Exhibit Index attached to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Filed
 or 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Furnished 
 
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Date
 Filed 
 
 Number 
 
 Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 Form
 10 
 
 1/31/13 
 
 3.3 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/9/13 
 
 3.3 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/16/13 
 
 3.4 

3.4 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/30/13 
 
 3.4 

3.5 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/31/14 
 
 3.5 

3.6 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/28/14 
 
 3.6 

3.7 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 4/1/15 
 
 3.5 

3.8 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/4/15 
 
 3.7 

3.9 
 
 Articles Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/13/18 
 
 3.10 

3.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 Form
 10 
 
 1/31/13 
 
 3.2 

4.1 
 
 Form of unit warrant 2018 private placement 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/2/18 
 
 4.1 

4.2 
 
 Form of placement agent warrant 2018 private placement 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/2/18 
 
 4.2 

4.3 
 
 Specimen common stock certificate 
 
 10-K 
 
 05/14/2020 
 
 4.3 

55 

4.4 
 
 Form of unit warrant 2019 private placement 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/14/19 
 
 4.1 

4.5 
 
 Form of placement agent warrant 2019 private placement 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/14/19 
 
 4.2 

10.1 
 
 2011 Stock Option Plan 
 
 Form
 10 
 
 1/31/13 
 
 10.1 

10.2 
 
 2013 Stock Option Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/13/13 
 
 10.18 

10.3 
 
 2015 Stock Option Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/27/15 
 
 10.36 

10.4 
 
 2019 Stock Option Plan 

Filed 
 
 10.5 
 
 Letter agreement dated September 19, 2017 with Vinay Belani 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/25/17 
 
 10.2 

10.6 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated September 6, 2017 by and between Spartan Capital Securities, LLC and Bright Mountain Media, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/4/18 
 
 10.45 

10.7 
 
 M A Advisory Agreement dated September 6, 2017 by and between Spartan Capital Securities, LLC and Bright Mountain Media, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/4/18 
 
 10.46 

10.8 
 
 Finder s Agreement dated October 31, 2018 by and between Spartan Capital Securities, LLC and Bright Mountain Media, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/20/18 
 
 10.2 

10.9 
 
 Uplisting Advisory and Consulting Agreement dated December 11, 2018 by and between Spartan Capital Securities, LLC and Bright Mountain Media, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/14/19 
 
 10.1 

10.10 
 
 Lease Agreement dated August 24, 2014 for registrant s principal executive offices 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/12/14 
 
 10.26 

10.11 
 
 Addendum to Lease dated August 5, 2015 for registrant s principal executive offices 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/11/15 
 
 10.37 

10.12 
 
 Amendment to Lease Agreement dated August 8, 2018 for registrant s principal executive offices 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/20/18 
 
 10.1 

10.13 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement effective April 1, 2020 by and between W. Kip Speyer and Bright Mountain Media, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/31//20 
 
 10.1 

10.14 
 
 Consulting Agreement effective January 1, 2021 between Greg Peters and Bright Mountain Media, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 01/06/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.15 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement and Plan of Merger dated July 31, 2019 by and among Bright Mountain Media, Inc., Bright Mountain Israel Acquisition Ltd. (a to be formed entity), Slutzky Winshman Ltd. and the shareholders of Slutzky Winshman, Ltd. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/1/19 
 
 2.1 

10.16 
 
 Amendment dated July 31, 2019 to Finder s Fee Agreement by and between Bright Mountain Media, Inc. and Spartan Capital Securities, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/7/19 
 
 10.2 

10.17 
 
 Promissory Note dated August 15, 2019 due to Joey Winshman 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/16/19 
 
 10.1 

10.18 
 
 Promissory Note dated August 15, 2019 to Nadav Slutzky 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/16/19 
 
 10.2 

10.19 
 
 Promissory Note dated August 15, 2019 to Eli Desatnik 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/16/19 
 
 10.3 

10.20 
 
 Employment Agreement dated August 15, 2019 by and between Slutzky Winshman Ltd. and Joey Winshman 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/16/19 
 
 10.8 

10.21 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated August 15, 2019 by and between Bright Mountain Media, Inc., Slutzky Winshman Ltd. and Nadav Slutzky 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/16/19 
 
 10.9 

10.22 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated June 5, 2020 between Centre Lane Partners Master Credit Fund II and Bright Mountain Media, Inc. 

8-K 
 
 6/8/20 
 
 10.1 

10.23 
 
 Credit Agreement dated as of June 5, 2020 by and among CL Media Holdings, LLC, as the Borrower, the Financial Institutions thereto and Centre Lane Partners Master Fund II, L.P. as Agent 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/8/20 
 
 10 

10.24 
 
 Merger Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 8, 2019 by and among Bright Mountain Media, Inc. BMTMZ, and News Distribution Network, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/21/19 
 
 2.1 

56 

10.25 
 
 Form of Warrant for November 2019 Private Placement 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/04/2020 
 
 10.2 

10.26 
 
 First Amendment to an Amended and Restated Senior Credit Agreement dated April 26, 2021. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/30/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.27 
 
 Second Amendment to an Amended and Restated Senior Credit Facility Agreement dated May 26, 2021. 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/2/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.28 
 
 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Credit Facility Agreement dated December 20, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 08/18/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.29 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Agreement dated August 31, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 09/07/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.30 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Agreement dated October 8, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/08/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.31 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Agreement dated November 5, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/05/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.32 
 
 Share Issuance Agreement between Spartan Capital Securities, LLC and Bright Mountain Media, Inc. dated September 22, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 09/28/2021 
 
 10.1 

14.1 
 
 Code Conduct and Ethics 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/31/14 
 
 14.1 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries 

Filed 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of ___________ 

Filed 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

Filed 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of principal financial and accounting officer 

Filed 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and principal financial and accounting officer 

Filed 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 INSTANCE DOCUMENT 

Filed 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA 

Filed 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE 

Filed 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE 

Filed 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE 

Filed 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE 

Filed 

57 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BRIGHT
 MOUNTAIN MEDIA, INC. 

Date:
 December 23, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 W. Kip Speyer 

W.
 Kip Speyer 

Director
 and Principal Executive Officer 

Date:
 December 23, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Edward A. Cabanas 

Edward
 A. Cabanas 

Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date:
 December 23, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 W. Kip Speyer 

W.
 Kip Speyer 

Chairman
 of the Board of Directors and Principal Executive Officer 

Date:
 December 23, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Harry Schulman 

Harry
 Schulman 

Director

Date:
 December 23, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Charles H. Lichtman 

Charles
 H Lichtman 

Director 

Date:
 December 23, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Joey Winshman 

Joey
 Winshman 

Chief
 Marketing Officer, Director 

Date:
 December 23, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Todd Speyer 

Todd
 Speyer 

CEO
 Bright Mountain, LLC., Director 

Date :
 December 23, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Pamela Parizek 

Pamela
 Parizek, 

Director 

Date :
 December 23, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Gretchen Tibbits 

Gretchen
 Tibbits 

Director 

58 

BRIGHT
MOUNTAIN MEDIA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2020 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2020 and 2019 (As restated) 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (As restated) 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated statements of changes in shareholders equity for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (As restated) 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (As restated) 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

 Bright
Mountain Media, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bright Mountain Media, Inc. (the Company as of December 31,
2020 and 2019, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the
years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. We did not audit the financial statements of Slutzky and Winshman, Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary, which
statements reflect total assets and revenues constituting 3.6 percent and 18.8 percent, respectively, as of and for the
year ended December 31, 2020, and 3.6 percent and 40.5 percent, respectively, as of and for the year ended December 31,
2019, of the related consolidated totals. Those statements were audited by other auditors whose report has been furnished to us, and
our opinion, insofar as it relates to the amounts included for Slutzky and Winshman, Ltd., is based solely on the report of the other
auditors. 

In
our opinion, based on our audits and the report of the other auditors, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Bright Mountain Media, Inc. as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the consolidated
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Restatement
of Financial Statements 

As
discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2019
(which were previously audited by predecessor auditors), have been restated to correct certain misstatements. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
WithumSmith+Brown, PC 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

East
Brunswick, New Jersey 

 December
23, 2021 

F- 2 

BRIGHT
MOUNTAIN MEDIA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 

2020 
 2019 

(As Restated) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 736,046 
 957,013 
 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts
 of 774,826 and 505,401, at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively 
 6,430,253 
 3,967,899 
 
 Note receivable, net 
 13,910 
 63,812 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 940,214 
 704,505 
 
 Current assets discontinued operations 
 
 1,705 
 
 Total current assets 
 8,120,422 
 5,694,934 

Property and equipment, net 
 113,250 
 30,666 
 
 Website acquisition assets, net 
 5,600 
 48,928 
 
 Intangible assets, net 
 7,653,717 
 19,392,436 
 
 Goodwill 
 19,645,468 
 52,133,622 
 
 Prepaid services/consulting agreements long term 
 664,593 
 913,182 
 
 Right-of-use asset 
 72,598 
 397,912 
 
 Other assets 
 253,650 
 35,823 
 
 Total assets 
 36,529,299 
 78,647,503 
 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 
 9,595,006 
 8,517,769 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 3,546,896 
 4,722,491 
 
 Accrued interest to related party 
 65,437 
 6,629 
 
 Premium finance loan payable 
 339,890 
 179,844 
 
 Deferred revenues 
 346,529 
 163,180 
 
 Long term debt, current portion 
 2,091,735 
 165,163 
 
 Operating lease liability, current portion 
 72,727 
 211,744 
 
 Current liabilities discontinued operations 
 
 591 

Total current liabilities 
 16,058,220 
 13,967,411 

Long term debt to related parties, net 
 39,728 
 25,689 
 
 Long term debt 
 16,916,705 

Deferred tax liability 
 
 319,936 
 
 Operating lease liability net of current portion 
 
 198,232 
 
 Total liabilities 
 33,014,653 
 14,511,268 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Shareholders equity 

Convertible preferred stock, par value 0.01, 20,000,000 shares
 authorized, 

Series A-1, 2,000,000 shares designated, 1,200,000 shares
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 12,000 
 12,000 
 
 Series B-1, 6,000,000 shares designated, no shares issued
 and outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019 

Series E, 2,500,000 shares designated, 2,500,000 issued and
 outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 25,000 
 25,000 
 
 Series F, 4,344,017 shares designated, 4,344,017 issued and
 outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 43,440 
 43,440 
 
 Common stock, par value 0.01, 324,000,000 shares authorized,
 118,162,150 and 100,782,956 issued and 117,336,975 and 100,782,956 outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively 
 1,181,622 
 1,007,830 
 
 Treasury stock, at cost; 825,175 shares at December 31, 2020 
 (219,837 

Additional paid-in capital 
 96,427,166 
 84,265,623 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (93,932,080 
 (21,217,658 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 (22,665 

Total shareholders equity 
 3,514,646 
 64,136,235 
 
 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 36,529,299 
 78,647,503 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

BRIGHT
MOUNTAIN MEDIA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For
 the Years Ended December
 31, 

2020 
 2019 

(As Restated) 
 
 Revenue: 

Advertising 
 15,839,429 
 6,691,462 

Cost of revenue: 

Advertising 
 7,906,346 
 5,791,049 
 
 Gross profit 
 7,933,082 
 900,413 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 22,092,352 
 9,454,240 
 
 Impairment expense Goodwill 
 42,279,087 

Impairment expense Intangible
 assets 
 16,486,929 

Total operating expenses 
 80,858,368 
 9,454,240 

Loss from continuing operations 
 (72,925,286 
 (8,553,827 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income 
 10,006 
 47,396 
 
 Gain on settlement of liability 
 - 
 123,739 
 
 Other income 
 274,075 

Interest expense 
 (581,924 
 (20,077 
 
 Interest expense related party 
 (58,807 
 (19,334 
 
 Total other income 
 (356,650 
 131,724 

Loss before tax continuing operations 
 (73,281,936 
 (8,422,103 

Loss before tax discontinued
 operations 
 
 (136,734 

Net loss before tax 
 (73,281,936 
 (8,558,837 

Income tax benefit 
 567,514 
 4,384,146 

Net loss 
 (72,714,422 
 (4,174,691 

Preferred stock dividends 

Series A-1, Series E, and Series F
 preferred stock 
 (363,460 
 (319,367 
 
 Total preferred stock dividends 
 (363,460 
 (319,367 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 
 (73,077,882 
 (4,494,058 

Other comprehensive loss 
 (22,665 

Comprehensive loss 
 (73,100,547 
 (4,494,058 

Basic and diluted net loss for continuing operations per share 
 (0.65 
 (0.06 
 
 Basic and diluted net loss for discontinued
 operations per share 
 (0.00 
 (0.00 
 
 Basic and diluted net loss per share 
 (0.65 
 (0.06 

Weighted average shares outstanding basic and
 diluted 
 112,528,858 
 72,435,144 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

BRIGHT
MOUNTAIN MEDIA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Years
 Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 (As Restated) 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2019 
 6,844,017 
 68,440 
 62,125,114 
 621,252 

19,775,753 
 (17,042,967 
 
 3,422,478 
 
 Net loss 

(4,174,691 
 
 (4,174,691 
 
 Series A-1, E and F preferred
 stock dividend 

(319,367 

(319,367 
 
 Issuance of Series A-1 preferred
 stock 
 1,200,000 
 12,000 

588,000 

600,000 
 
 Issuance of common stock: 

Units consisting of one share
 of common stock and one warrant issued for cash, net of costs 

2,183,750 
 21,838 

981,178 

1,003,016 
 
 Units consisting of one share
 of common stock and two warrants issued for cash, net of costs 

1,310,860 
 13,109 

628,357 

641,466 
 
 Oceanside acquisition (Note 4) 

12,513,227 
 125,132 

19,896,031 

20,021,163 
 
 MediaHouse acquisition (Note
 4) 

22,559,790 
 225,598 

42,523,703 

42,749,301 
 
 For services rendered 

90,215 
 901 

140,283 

141,184 
 
 Share-based compensation 

51,684 

51,684 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2019 (As Restated) 
 8,044,017 
 80,440 
 100,782,956 
 1,007,830 

84,265,623 
 (21,217,658 
 
 64,136,234 
 
 Net loss 

(72,714,422 
 
 (72,714,422 
 
 Series A-1, E and F preferred
 stock dividend 

(363,460 

(363,460 
 
 Issuance of common stock: 

Units consisting of one share
 of common stock and two warrants issued for cash, net of costs 

10,398,700 
 103,987 

3,915,710 

4,019,697 
 
 Exercise of stock options 

130,000 
 1,300 

16,762 

18,062 
 
 Restricted Share Awards 

130,081 
 1,301 

404,642 

405,943 
 
 WSM acquisition (Note 4) 

2,500,000 
 25,000 

3,700,000 

3,725,000 
 
 For services rendered 

2,609,160 
 26,092 

4,322,453 

4,348,545 
 
 For cashless exercise of warrants 

1,611,253 
 16,113 

(16,113 

Acquisition of treasury stock,
 at cost 

(825,175 
 (219,837 

(219,837 
 
 Share-based compensation 

181,549 

181,549 
 
 Adjustment from foreign currency
 translation, net 

(22,665 
 (22,665 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 8,044,017 
 80,440 
 118,162,150 
 1,181,622 
 (825,175 
 (219,837 
 96,427,166 
 (93,932,080 
 (22,665 
 3,514,646 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

BRIGHT
MOUNTAIN MEDIA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the
 Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

(As Restated) 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 
 (72,714,422 
 (4,174,691 
 
 Addback: Loss attributable to discontinued operations 
 
 136,734 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations: 

Depreciation 
 56,017 
 10,265 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 
 14,039 
 14,001 
 
 Amortization 
 3,630,418 
 580,294 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 42,279,087 

Intangible impairment 
 16,486,929 

Write-off of tradename 
 
 32,000 
 
 Gain on settlement of liability 
 
 (123,739 
 
 Stock option vesting expense 
 181,549 
 51,684 
 
 Common stock and warrants issued for services 
 4,348,545 

Compensation expense for stock issuances 
 405,943 
 140,283 
 
 Stock compensation for Oceanside shares 
 366,105 

Stock issued for cashless exercise of warrants 

Change in deferred taxes 
 (567,513 
 (4,566,342 
 
 Provision for bad debt 
 437,404 
 53,802 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 (35,140 
 (244,391 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 752,754 
 211,568 
 
 Prepaid services / consulting agreements 
 248,590 
 249,318 
 
 Other assets 
 (217,827 
 54,626 
 
 ROU asset and lease liability 
 (11,935 
 12,064 
 
 Accounts payable 
 (80,419 
 772,675 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 (2,331,213 
 3,839,287 
 
 Accrued interest related party 
 58,808 
 5,682 
 
 Deferred revenues 
 183,349 
 159,017 
 
 Cash used in continuing operations for operating activities 
 (6,508,935 
 (2,785,863 
 
 Cash provided by discontinued operations for operating activities 
 1,114 
 8,099 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (6,507,821 
 (2,777,764 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash (paid)/proceeds (for)/from property and equipment, net 
 (14,026 
 46,742 
 
 Cash paid for website acquisitions 
 
 (8,000 
 
 Cash acquired in acquisition of subsidiaries 
 1,651,509 
 749,997 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities from continuing
 operations 
 1,637,483 
 788,739 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of commissions 
 4,019,697 
 1,645,383 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 
 
 600,000 
 
 Insurance premium notes payable 
 
 22,626 
 
 Dividend payments 
 (63,136 
 (319,367 
 
 Principal payment on notes payable 

Note receivable funded 
 
 (45,062 
 
 Proceeds from repayment of note receivable 
 49,902 

Proceeds from exercise of options 
 18,062 

Proceeds from issuance of premium finance loan payable 
 160,046 

Proceeds from PPP loan 
 464,800 

Net cash provided by financing activities from continuing
 operations 
 4,649,371 
 1,903,581 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents including cash and
 cash equivalents classified within assets related to continuing operations 
 (222,081 
 (93,543 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents classified within
 assets related to discontinued operations 
 1,114 
 8,099 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (220,967 
 (85,444 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 957,013 
 1,042,457 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 736,046 
 957,013 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

BRIGHT
MOUNTAIN MEDIA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 
 31,250 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing
 activities 

Settlement of Daily Engage liability 
 219,837 
 165,163 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of S W net assets 
 
 3,234,811 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of MediaHouse net assets 
 
 1,193,313 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of S W net liabilities 
 
 3,403,055 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of MediaHouse net liabilities 
 
 4,228,721 
 
 Non-cash intangible assets of S W 
 
 20,189,407 
 
 Non-cash intangible assets of MediaHouse 
 
 45,779,811 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of WSM net assets 
 5,469,625 

Non-cash acquisition of WSM net liabilities 
 19,805,484 

Non-cash intangible assets of WSM 
 18,060,859 

Common stock issued for acquisitions 
 3,725,000 
 62,770,464 
 
 Recognition of right of use asset for S W 
 
 235,000 
 
 Recognition of right of use lease liability for S W 
 
 247,065 
 
 Issuance of common stock for services 
 4,348,545 

Issuance of debt in accordance with legal settlement (Encoding) 
 215,978 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

BRIGHT
MOUNTAIN MEDIA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE
1 NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

Organization,
Nature of Operations and Liquidity 

Bright
Mountain Media, Inc. (the Company or Bright Mountain or We is a Florida corporation formed
on May 20, 2010. Its wholly owned subsidiary, Bright Mountain LLC, was formed as a Florida limited liability company in May 2011. Its
wholly owned subsidiary, Bright Mountain, LLC BMLLC F/K/A Daily Engage Media Group, LLC Daily Engage was formed as a New Jersey limited liability company in February 2015. In August 2019, Bright Mountain Israel Acquisition, an Israeli
company was formed and acquired the wholly owned subsidiary Slutzky Winshman Ltd. S W which then changed its
name to Oceanside Media LLC Oceanside ), see Note 4. Further, on November 18, 2019, Bright Mountain, through its wholly
owned subsidiary BMTM2, Inc., a Florida corporation, acquired News Distribution Network, Inc. NDN ), a Delaware company,
which then changed its name to MediaHouse, Inc. MediaHouse ). On June 1, 2020, Bright Mountain acquired the wholly owned
subsidiary CL Media Holdings, LLC D/B/A Wild Sky Media Wild Sky ). When used herein, the terms BMTM,
the Company, we, us, our or Bright Mountain refers to Bright Mountain
Media, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Discontinued
Operations 

Effective
December 31, 2018 the Company discontinued the E-Commerce operations, the Products segment, per the determination of Management and the
Board of Directors. Accordingly, the Company determined that the assets and liabilities of this reportable segment met the discontinued
operations criteria in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 205 and were classified as discontinued operation at December
31, 2018. For the year ended December 31, 2019, loss from discontinued operations before tax was 136,734. There were no discontinued
operations in 2020. See Discontinued Operations Note 5. 

Continuing
Operations 

The
Company is engaged in operating a proprietary, end-to-end digital media and advertising services platform designed to connect brand advertisers
with demographically-targeted consumers both large audiences and more granular segments across digital, social and connected
television (CTV) publishing formats. We define end-to-end as our process for taking ad buying from beginning to end, delivering
a complete functional solution, usually without requiring any involvement from a third party. 

Through
acquisitions and organic software development initiatives, we have consolidated and plan to further condense key elements of the prevailing
digital advertising supply chain through the elimination of industry middlemen and/or costly redundancy of services via
our ad exchange network. Our aim is to enable and support a streamlined, end-to-end advertising model that addresses both demand (ad
buy side) and supply (media sell side) for both direct sales teams and programmatic sales and publishing of digital advertisements that
reach specific target audiences based on what, where, when and how that specific target audience elects to access certain web and/or
streaming video content. Programmatic advertising relies on computer programs to use data and proprietary algorithms to select which
ads to buy and for what price, while direct sales involve traditional interpersonal contact between ad buyers and advertising sales representative(s). 

By
selling advertisements on our current portfolio of 20 owned and operated websites and 13 CTV apps, coupled with acquisition or
development of other niche web properties in the future, we are building depth in specific demographic verticals that allow us to package
audiences into targeted consumer categories valued by advertisers. 

Oceanside
provides digital performance-based marketing services to customers which include primarily advertisers and advertising agencies that
promote or sell products and/or services to consumers through digital media. 

MediaHouse
partners with content producers and online news market websites to distribute video and banner advertisements throughout the United States
of America U.S. ). 

F- 8 

Wild
Sky owns and operates a collection of websites that offer significant global reach through its content and niche audiences and has become
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Wild Sky is the home to parenting and lifestyle brands. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared and are presented assuming the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
The Company has sustained a net loss of 72,714,422, used cash outflows from continuing operating activities of 6,508,935 for
the year ended December 31, 2020, and has an accumulated deficit of 93,932,080 at December 31, 2020 that raise substantial doubt
about its ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate revenues, control its expenses and its ability
to continue obtaining investment capital and loans from related parties and outside investors to sustain its current level of operations.
Management continues raising capital through private placements and is exploring additional avenues for future fund-raising through both
public and private sources. The Company is not currently involved in any binding agreements to raise private equity capital. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset
amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going
concern. 

COVID-19
Update 

On
January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern 
and on March 11, 2020, declared COVID-19 a pandemic. The spread of COVID-19, a novel strain of coronavirus, has and continues to alter
the behavior of business and people in a manner that is having negative effects on local, regional and global economies. The COVID-19
pandemic has caused disruptions in the services we provide. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in many states and countries imposing
orders resulting in the closure of non-essential businesses, including many companies which advertise digitally. During 2021, we continued
seeing lower advertising dollar spend in the first half of the year, but saw a rebound during the second half of 2021 as the health crisis
improved supported by higher travel rates, national vaccination programs, higher vaccination rates for the general public and a broader
age distribution of vaccines permitting lower aged children to obtain the vaccinations. It appears the pandemic will continue into 2022,
but the digital ad spend dollars appears to be on an uptrend which would be positive for our industry. 

NOTE
2 RESTATEMENT OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Restatement
Background 

On
March 31, 2021, the Board of Directors and management, upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (the
 Audit Committee ), concluded that the Company s previously issued financial statements as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2019 and unaudited consolidated financial statements as of and for each of the interim quarterly periods ended September
30, 2019, March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020, (collectively, the Prior Period Financial Statements ),
should no longer be relied upon due to misstatements that are described below, and that we would restate such financial statements to
make the necessary accounting corrections. Details of the restated Prior Period Financial Statements are provided below (see section
 Restatement Items ). The Company evaluated the materiality of these errors both qualitatively and quantitatively
in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 99, Materiality and SAB No. 108, Considering the Effects of Prior
Year Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements, and determined the effect of these corrections were material to the Prior Period
Financial Statements. As a result of the material misstatements, we have restated our Prior Period Financial Statements, in accordance
with ASC 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections (the Restated Financial Statements ). 

F- 9 

The
Restatement Items reflect adjustments to correct identified errors and has restated previously issued financial statements because of
failure to properly record the following: 

a. Finder s
 Fee accrual The Company maintains a Finder s Agreement with Spartan Capital
 Securities LLC Spartan Capital to identify and assist in business combinations,
 including any merger, acquisition or sale of stock or assets in connection with a merger
 or acquisition of other businesses. Upon closing of any such transaction, the Company shall
 pay an agreed fee relative to the consideration paid or received by the Company (the finder s
 fee ). There were two errors: i) the Company incorrectly used 3 instead of 5 to calculate
 the final finders fee; and ii) the Company determined that the consideration amount
 for the acquisition of MediaHouse (defined below) was overstated and affected the
 finders fee calculation (refer to c below). 

In
addition, the Company incorrectly calculated the number of shares to be issued to Spartan Capital as finder s fees in connection
with the Company s acquisitions Slutzky Winshman Ltd. (which later changed its name to Oceanside Media LLC) Oceanside and News Distribution Network, Inc. d/b/a MediaHouse MediaHouse during the year ended December 31, 2019. 

The result of the correction for the
year ended December 31, 2019 related to the Oceanside acquisition was that upon acquisition closing, accrued expenses were decreased
by 4,656 with a corresponding decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

The result of the correction as
of and for the year ended December 31, 2019, related to the MediaHouse acquisition was that upon acquisition closing, accrued
expense liability was increased by 1,007,921 with a corresponding increase in operating expenses. Accrued expense liability
and accumulated deficit were also corrected in the respective quarters ended March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, and September 30, 2020. 

b. Common
 Stock issued in Oceanside acquisition In connection with the Oceanside acquisition
 in August 2019, the Company issued an incorrect number of shares of Company common stock
 as consideration as it used a preliminary purchase price. Upon management s re-evaluation
 of the consideration paid, the number of shares issued in connection with the Oceanside acquisition
 increased by 382,428 resulting in a correction and increase in goodwill, common stock and
 additional paid-in capital in the amounts of 611,885, 3,824, and 608,058, respectively,
 at September 30, 2019. 

c. MediaHouse
 acquisition Upon evaluation of the final MediaHouse acquisition agreement, the
 Company noted the following corrections: 

There
was a miscalculation of the fair value of the warrants to be issued as part of consideration in the amount of 3,829,889 due to the conversion
of bridge loan and open lines of credit, as well as a valuation adjustment. Further, the change in intangible assets valuation was
mainly driven by the use of a more updated forecast that was lower than the original forecast utilized along with an increase in
the Company s state effective rate used to record deferred tax assets and liabilities resulted in an increase to the deferred tax
liability of 836,363 which was fully offset by an adjustment to the tax provision to adjust the Company s valuation allowance.
The decrease of the valuation allowance was recorded as a benefit in the tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

Additionally,
in connection with the MediaHouse acquisition in November 2019, the Company issued shares of Company common stock to certain of MediaHouse s
investors as part of the consideration paid. During September 2020, the Company determined that one investor had been issued an incorrect
number of shares as the result of a transposition mistake; the investor should have been issued 840,000 shares but was incorrectly issued
480,000 shares. This error resulted in a shortfall of shares of 360,000 valued at 590,400. In addition, another investor was not issued
his shares in a timely manner amounting to 19,029 shares of the Company s common stock valued at 31,208. 

Upon management s re-evaluation
of the MediaHouse acquisition and the number of shares issued as consideration, the number of shares increased by 379,029 resulting in
a correction and increase in Goodwill of 621,608, increase to Common stock of 3,790 and an increase to Additional paid in capital
of 617,818 at December 31, 2019. 

The reduction in the warrant valuation
and equity corrections resulted in a reduction in consideration of 3,208,282). The components in the change in consideration were:
(1) reduction in warrant valuation of 3,829,889 and an increase in goodwill for two (2) investor equity corrections adding 621,608. 

F- 10 

d. Changes
 to Goodwill, Intangible assets In connection with the reevaluation of the Oceanside
 acquisition, the intangibles decreased 1,535,100 and the goodwill increased 1,535,100 from
 the previously filed version. In connection with the reevaluation of the MediaHouse acquisition,
 the intangibles increased 1,209,500 from the previously filed version. 

e. Share-based
 compensation from Oceanside acquisition As part of the Oceanside acquisition,
 the Company assumed a local employee and contractor option plan and converted it to the Company s
 existing equity compensation plan utilizing the existing vesting dates at the time of the
 acquisition. The option holders were two (2) classes of individuals: (1) employees and (2)
 contractors. The pre-acquisition Oceanside options ceased to exist as of the acquisition
 date and all outstanding and unvested options for these two groups were converted using the
 agreed exchange ratio. In re-evaluating the transaction as part of the errors noted above,
 management concluded the Company did not record stock compensation expense for the local
 employees and contractors since the acquisition. 

The
result of the correction was an increase to share-based compensation, which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses,
in the amount of 152,571 for the year ended December 31, 2019, with a corresponding increase in accrued expenses. 

f. Penalty
 accrual for untimely registration statement filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 SEC During fiscal years 2018 and 2019, the Company sold units
 of its securities to various investors in several private placements. As part of each private
 placement, the Company agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC to register the
 resale of the shares by the respective holder in order to permit the public resale; such
 filing deadlines ranged from 120 to 270 days following the closing date of the respective
 placement and the Company was liable to pay a penalty fee for failure to file the resale
 registration statement within the allotted timeframe. The penalty fee is payable in cash
 and is equal to 2 of the aggregate purchase price paid by the respective investor for each
 30 days until the earlier of the date the deficiency was cured or the expiration of 6 months
 from filing deadline. 

The
Company did not timely file the resale registration statements pertaining to several such placements and as a result was liable for penalties
beginning in the fourth quarter of 2019 and thereafter. These penalty fees were not properly recorded as an expense with an offset to
accrued liability as of and for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

The
correction resulted in an increase of selling, general and administrative expenses and corresponding accrued liability of 109,200 as
of and for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

g. Not
 applicable. 

h. Not
 applicable. 

i. Not
 applicable. 

j. Other
 Adjustments In addition, the Company has corrected other adjustments. While some
 of these other adjustments may be quantitatively immaterial, individually and in the aggregate,
 because the Company is correcting for the material errors above, management has decided to
 correct these other adjustments as well Other Adjustments ): 

Due
 to utilization of more updated forecasts, quarterly 
 amortization expense on intangible assets (trademarks, customer lists, IP technology and non-compete agreements) has been reduced
 by 107,234 to reflect the changes in the intangible assets valuation. 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses and accrued liabilities increased by 87,670 as of December 31, 2019, to account for professional
 services provided to Oceanside during 2019. 

Audit related items: 

F- 11 

Audit
 adjustments 

Elimination
 entry corrections 

Accounts
 receivable, net adjustment and/or reclasses 

Accounts
 payable adjustments and/or reclasses 

Accrued
 expenses adjustments and/or reclasses 

k. Not
 applicable. 

l. Closing
 notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition As part of the acquisition,
 the treatment of the Closing notes totaling 750,000 was incorrectly recorded and per ASC
 805-30-55 was determined to be compensation expense to be recognized ratably over
 the 24-month term of the Notes. As such, starting in September 2019 and concluding in August
 2021, 31,250 per month will be charged to compensation expense and a corresponding accrued
 liability will be recorded until the full amount of the 750,000 is reflected on the balance
 sheet. As of August 15, 2020, the Company did not make payment on the 1 st closing
 notes and thereby defaulted on its obligation and the 2 nd closing note accelerated
 to become payable as of August 15, 2020. Upon default, the closing notes accrue interest
 at a 1.5 per month rate, or 18 annual rate. As a result, there was an incremental total
 charge of 300,672 recorded during 2020 which was 250,000 of additional compensation expense
 and 50,672 of interest expense-related party. 

m. Deferred
 revenue As part of the audit of 2019, it was determined that 156,529 of recorded
 revenue needed to be reclassified into deferred revenue as part of the review of FASB
 ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. 

n. Not
 applicable. 

The
Company assessed the tax impact of the above restatement items, including any impact to deferred tax asset and liabilities. The Company
determined that the impact of the changes for the finder s fees (a), common stock issued in Oceanside acquisition (b), share-based
compensation from Oceanside acquisition (e), and penalty accrual (f) would be permanent book/tax differences, therefore had no impact
on the income tax provision or any tax assets and liabilities, current or deferred. 

Summary
impact of Restatement Items and Other Adjustments to Prior Period Financial Statements 

The
following table presents the effect of the Restatement Items and Other Adjustments, on the Company s consolidated balance sheet
as of December 31, 2019: 

As
 of December 31, 2019 

As Previously 
 Restatement 
 
 Restatement 

Filed 
 Adjustments 
 As
 Restated 
 References 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 957,013 
 
 957,013 

Accounts receivable, net 
 3,997,475 
 (29,576 
 3,967,899 
 j 
 
 Note receivable, net 
 63,812 
 
 63,812 

Prepaid expenses and other current
 assets 
 752,975 
 (48,470 
 704,505 
 j 
 
 Current assets
 - discontinued operations 
 1,705 
 
 1,705 

Total Current Assets 
 5,772,980 
 (78,046 
 5,694,934 

Property and equipment, net 
 30,666 
 
 30,666 

Website acquisition assets, net 
 48,928 
 
 48,928 

Intangible assets, net 
 19,610,801 
 (218,366 
 19,392,435 
 b, c, d 
 
 Goodwill 
 53,646,856 
 (1,513,234 
 52,133,622 
 b, c 
 
 Prepaid services/consulting agreements
 - long term 
 913,182 
 
 913,182 

Right of use asset 
 397,912 
 
 397,912 

Other assets 
 35,823 
 
 35,823 

Total Assets 
 80,457,148 
 (1,809,645 
 78,647,503 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 
 8,358,442 
 159,328 
 8,517,770 
 j 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 3,228,328 
 1,494,163 
 4,722,491 
 a, e, f, j, l 
 
 Accrued interest to related party 
 6,629 
 
 6,629 

Premium finance loan payable 
 179,844 
 
 179,844 

Deferred revenues 
 6,651 
 156,529 
 163,180 
 m 
 
 Long term debt, current portion 
 165,163 
 
 165,163 

Share Issuance Accrued Liability New 
 - 
 
 - 

Other current liabilities 
 - 
 
 - 

Operating lease liability, net of current
 portion 
 211,744 
 
 211,744 

Current liabilities
 - discontinued operations 
 591 
 
 591 

Total Current Liabilities 
 12,157,392 
 1,810,019 
 13,967,411 

Long Term Debt to Related Parties,
 net 
 25,689 
 
 25,689 

Long term debt 
 - 
 
 - 

Deferred tax liability 
 581,440 
 (261,504 
 319,936 
 k 
 
 Operating lease
 liability, net of current portion 
 198,232 
 
 198,232 

Total Liabilities 
 12,962,753 
 1,548,516 
 14,511,269 

Shareholders Equity 

Convertible preferred stock, par value
 0.01, 20,000,000 shares authorized, 

Series A-1, 2,000,000 shares designated,
 1,200,000 and outstanding at December 31, 2019 
 12,000 
 
 12,000 

Series B-1, 6,000,000 shares designated,
 no issued and outstanding at December 31, 2019 
 - 
 
 - 

Series E, 2,500,000 shares designated,
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2019 
 25,000 
 
 25,000 

Series F, 4,344,017 shares designated,
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2019 
 43,440 
 
 43,440 

Common stock, par value 0.01, 324,000,000
 shares authorized, 100,782,956 shares issued and 100,782,956 outstanding at December 31, 2019 
 1,002,444 
 5,376 
 1,007,820 
 b, c 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 86,856,500 
 (2,590,868 
 84,265,632 
 b, c, d 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (20,444,989 
 (772,669 
 (21,217,658 
 a, c, e, f, j, m, k, l 
 
 Treasury Stock 
 - 
 
 - 

Total shareholders 
 equity 
 67,494,395 
 (3,358,160 
 64,136,235 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders 
 Equity 
 80,457,148 
 (1,809,645 
 78,647,503 

As
of December 31, 2019 : 

a. 
 Finder s
 Fee 
 
 b. 
 Common
 Stock issued in Oceanside acquisition 
 
 c. 
 Common
 Stock issued in MediaHouse Acquisition 
 
 d.
 
 Changes
 to Goodwill, Intangible assets 
 
 e. 
 Share-based
 compensation from Oceanside acquisition 
 
 f.
 
 Penalty
 accrual for untimely registration statement filings 
 
 j. 
 Other
 Adjustments 
 
 k. 
 Tax
 effect 
 
 l. 
 Closing
 notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition 
 
 m. 
 Deferred
 revenue 

F- 12 

The
following table presents the effect of the Restatement Items and Other Adjustments, on the Company s consolidated statement of
operations for the year ended December 31, 2019: 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2019 

As Previously 
 Restatement 
 
 Restatement 

Filed 
 Adjustments 
 As
 Restated 
 References 

Revenues 

Advertising 
 6,998,810 
 (307,348 
 6,691,462 
 m, j 

Cost of revenue 

Advertising 
 5,941,868 
 (150,819 
 5,791,049 
 j 
 
 Gross profit 
 1,056,942 
 (156,529 
 900,413 

Selling, general and administrative
 expenses 
 8,001,229 
 1,453,011 
 9,454,240 
 a, d, e, f, j, l 

Loss from operations 
 (6,944,287 
 (1,609,540 
 (8,553,827 

Other income (expense) 

Interest (expense) income,net 
 47,396 
 
 47,396 

Gain on settlement of liability 
 123,739 
 
 123,739 

Impairment Expense 
 - 
 
 - 

Settlement of contingent consideration 
 - 
 
 - 

Other expense 
 - 
 
 - 

Interest expense 
 (20,077 
 
 (20,077 

Interest expense
 - related party 
 (19,334 
 
 (19,334 

Total other
 income (expense) 
 131,724 
 - 
 131,724 

Net loss from continuing operations before tax 
 (6,812,563 
 (1,609,540 
 (8,422,103 

Income (loss) from discontinued
 operations 
 (136,734 
 
 (136,734 

Net loss before tax 
 (6,949,297 
 (1,609,540 
 (8,558,837 

Income tax benefit 
 3,547,274 
 836,872 
 4,384,146 
 k 

Net loss 
 (3,402,023 
 (772,668 
 (4,174,691 

Preferred stock dividends 

Series A-1,
 Series E, and Series F preferred stock 
 (319,352 
 (15 
 (319,367 

Net loss attributable to common
 shareholders 
 (3,721,375 
 (772,683 
 (4,494,058 

Basic and diluted net loss for continuing
 operations per share 
 (0.05 
 
 (0.06 

Basic and diluted net profit for
 discontinued operations per share 
 (0.00 
 
 (0.00 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 
 (0.05 
 
 (0.06 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 69,401,729 
 
 72,435,144 

For
the year ended December 31, 2019 : 

a. 
 Finder s
 Fee 
 
 c. 
 Common
 Stock issued in MediaHouse Acquisition 
 
 d. 
 Changes
 to Goodwill, Intangible assets 
 
 e. 
 Share-based
 compensation from Oceanside acquisition 
 
 f.
 
 Penalty
 accrual for untimely registration statement filings 
 
 j. 
 Other
 Adjustments 
 
 k. 
 Tax
 effect 
 
 l. 
 Closing
 notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition 
 
 m. 
 Deferred
 revenue 

F- 13 

The
following table presents the effect of the Restatement Items and Other Adjustments, on the Company s consolidated statement of
cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2019: 

For
 the year ended December 30, 2019 

As Previously 
 Restatement 
 
 Restatement 

Filed 
 Adjustments 
 As
 Restated 
 References 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 
 (3,402,023 
 (772,668 
 (4,174,691 
 a, c, d, e, f, j, k, l, m 
 
 Add back: loss attributable to discontinued operations 
 136,734 
 
 136,734 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations: 

Depreciation 
 10,265 
 
 10,265 

Amortization of debt discount 
 14,001 
 
 14,001 

Amortization 
 687,529 
 (107,235 
 580,294 
 d 
 
 Impairment of tradename 
 32,000 
 
 32,000 

Impairment of goodwill 
 - 
 
 - 

Impairment of intangibles 
 - 
 
 - 

Gain on settlement of liability 
 (123,739 
 
 (123,739 

Gain on sale of property and equipment 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock option compensation expense 
 45,674 
 6,010 
 51,684 
 j 
 
 Stock issued for services 
 141,175 
 (892 
 140,283 
 j 
 
 Non-cash acquisition fee 
 - 
 
 - 

Non-cash compensation for services 
 - 
 
 - 

Non-cash settlement of contingent consideration 
 - 
 
 - 

Change in Deferred taxes 
 (3,547,274 
 (1,019,068 
 (4,566,342 
 k 
 
 Provision for bad debt 
 505,401 
 (451,599 
 53,802 
 j 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

- 

Accounts receivable 
 (1,831 
 (242,560 
 (244,391 
 j 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current
 assets 
 295,389 
 (83,821 
 211,568 
 j 
 
 Prepaid services/consulting agreements 
 110,000 
 139,318 
 249,318 
 j 
 
 Goodwill 
 - 
 
 - 

Other assets 
 - 
 54,626 
 54,626 
 j 
 
 ROU asset and lease liability 
 (191,291 
 203,355 
 12,064 
 j 
 
 Accounts payable 
 160,210 
 612,465 
 772,675 
 j 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 2,433,173 
 1,406,114 
 3,839,287 
 a, e, f, j, l 
 
 Accrued interest to related party 
 5,682 
 
 5,682 

Deferred rents 
 - 
 
 - 

Deferred revenues 
 (4,163 
 163,180 
 159,017 
 m 
 
 Net cash used in continuing operations
 for operating activities 
 (2,693,088 
 (92,775 
 (2,785,863 

Net cash (used
 in) provided by discontinued operations 
 23,362 
 (15,263 
 8,099 

Net cash
 used in operating activities 
 (2,669,726 
 (108,038 
 (2,777,764 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment,
 net 
 (11,443 
 58,185 
 46,742 
 j 
 
 Cash paid for website acquisition 
 (8,000 
 
 (8,000 

Cash proceeds
 from acquisition of subsidiaries 
 716,989 
 33,008 
 749,997 
 j 
 
 Net cash
 (used in) provided by investing activities 
 697,546 
 91,193 
 788,739 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock,
 net of commissions 
 1,644,480 
 903 
 1,645,383 
 j 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of preferred
 stock 
 600,000 
 
 600,000 

Payments of insurance premium loans
 payable 
 87,307 
 (64,681 
 22,626 
 j 
 
 Dividend payments 
 (319,352 
 (15 
 (319,367 
 g 
 
 Principal payment on notes payable 
 (64,681 
 64,681 
 - 
 j 
 
 Note receivable funded 
 (181,312 
 136,250 
 (45,062 
 j 
 
 Proceeds from repayment of note receivable 
 136,250 
 (136,250 
 - 
 j 
 
 Notes payable funded 
 - 
 
 - 

Increase in Common Shares 
 - 
 
 - 

Unlocated Difference 
 - 
 
 - 

Increase in
 APIC 
 - 
 
 - 

Net cash
 provided by financing activities 
 1,902,692 
 889 
 1,903,581 

Net (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents classified
 within assets related to continued operations 
 (69,488 
 (15,956 
 (93,543 

Impact of foreign exchange rates on cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net (decrease) in cash and cash
 equivalents classified within assets related to discontinued operations 
 (15,956 
 15,956 
 8,099 
 j 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (85,444 
 (0 
 (85,444 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning
 of period 
 1,042,457 
 
 1,042,457 

Cash and cash equivalents at
 end of period 
 957,013 
 (0 
 957,013 

For
the year ended December 31, 2019 : 

a. 
 Finder s
 Fee 
 
 c. 
 Common
 Stock issued in MediaHouse Acquisition 
 
 d.
 
 Changes
 to Goodwill, Intangible assets 
 
 e. 
 Share-based
 compensation from Oceanside acquisition 
 
 f.
 
 Penalty
 accrual for untimely registration statement filings 
 
 j. 
 Other
 Adjustments 
 
 k.
 
 Tax
 effect 
 
 l. 
 Closing
 notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition 
 
 m. 
 Deferred
 revenue 

F- 14 

The following table presents the effect of the
Restatement Items and Other Adjustments, on the Company s consolidated statement of cash flows supplemental information for the
year ended December 31, 2019: 

For the year ended December 30,
 2019 

As Previously Filed 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 
 31,250 
 - 
 31,250 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Settlement of Daily Engage liability 
 197,500 
 - 
 197,500 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of S W net assets 
 3,234,754 
 (234,998 
 2,999,756 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of S W net liabilities 
 4,147,959 
 (985,082 
 3,162,877 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of intangible assets of S W 
 20,322,483 
 (17,201,883 
 3,120,600 
 
 Non-cash acquisition right of use asset S W 
 235,055 
 - 
 235,055 
 
 Common stock issued for acquisitions 
 65,361,962 
 (2,591,498 
 62,770,464 
 
 Recognition of right of use lease liability for S W 
 240,178 
 - 
 240,178 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of goodwill S W 
 - 
 17,068,807 
 17,068,807 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of goodwill NDN 
 - 
 29,189,611 
 29,189,611 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of MediaHouse net assets 
 1,935,648 
 (737,437 
 1,198,211 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of MediaHouse net liabilities 
 7,483,344 
 (3,254,623 
 4,228,721 
 
 Non-cash intangible assets of MediaHouse 
 52,371,847 
 (35,781,647 
 16,590,200 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Principles
of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all of its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). 

Revenue
Recognition 

On
January 1, 2019, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606) Topic 606 using the modified retrospective method, applied only to those contracts which were
not completed as of the date of the adoption. Following the adoption of Topic 606, the Company recognizes revenues at a point-in-time
when control of services is transferred to the customer. The adoption of Topic 606 did not result in a material difference in accounting
compared to legacy revenue guidance and no transition adjustments were required. 

To
determine revenue recognition for arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of Topic 606, the Company performs the
following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii)
determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize
revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it
is probable that Company will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the advertising services it transfers to the
customer. At contract inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of Topic 606, the Company assesses the advertising
services promised within each contract and determines those that are performance obligations and assesses whether each promised advertising
service is distinct. The Company then recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance
obligation based on relative fair values, when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. 

The
Company recognizes revenue from its own advertising platform, ad network partners and websites Ad Network through its
publishing advertiser impressions and pay-for-click services, the Company s owned and operated sites, our ad network, or platforms.
Invalid traffic on the Ad Network may impact the amount collected and adjusted by our Ad Network. 

The
Company has one revenue stream generated directly from publishing advertisements, whether on the Company s owned and operated sites,
our ad network, or platforms. The revenue is earned when the users click on the published website advertisements. Specific revenue recognition
criteria for the advertising revenue stream is as follows: 

Advertising
 revenues are generated by users clicking on or seeing website advertisements
 utilizing several ad network partners. 

Revenues
 are recognized net of adjustments based on the traffic generated and is billed monthly. The Company subsequently settles these transactions
 with publishers at which time adjustments for invalid traffic may impact the amount collected. 

There
are no significant initial costs incurred to obtain contracts with customers, and no contract assets or contract liabilities recorded
in our consolidated financial statements. 

F- 15 

Leases 

On
January 1, 2019, the Company adopted ASC 842, the new lease accounting standard, using the optional transition method under which comparative
financial information has not been restated and will continue to apply the provisions of the previous lease standard in its annual disclosures
for the comparative periods. The Company elected the package of practical expedients in transition; as such, the Company did not have
to reassess whether expired or existing contracts are or contain a lease and did not have to reassess the lease classifications or reassess
the initial direct costs associated with expired or existing leases. 

The
new lease standard also provides practical expedients for an entity s ongoing accounting. The Company elected the short-term lease
recognition exemption under which the Company will not recognize right of use ROU assets or lease liabilities, which
includes not recognizing ROU assets or lease liabilities for existing short-term leases. The Company elected the practical expedient
to not separate lease and non-lease components for certain classes of assets (office building). 

The
Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized
based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the remaining lease terms as of January 1, 2019. Since the Company s
lease agreements does not provide an implicit rate, the Company estimated an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available
on January 1, 2019 in determining the present value of lease payments. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis
over the lease term, subject to any changes in the lease or expectations regarding the terms. Variable lease costs such as operating
costs and property taxes are expensed as incurred. On January 1, 2019, the Company recognized a ROU asset and a lease liability of approximately
 235,000 in relation to the adoption of ASC 842. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions.
We believe that the estimates, judgments, and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at
the time that these estimates, judgments, and assumptions are made. These estimates, judgments, and assumptions can affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of our consolidated financial statements as well as reported amounts of revenue and
expenses during the periods presented. Our consolidated financial statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences
between these estimates and actual results. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated
by GAAP and does not require management s judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management s judgment
in selecting any available alternative would not produce a materially different result. 

Significant
estimates included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements include revenue recognition, the fair value of acquired assets
for purchase price allocation in business combinations, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, estimates of amortization period
for intangible assets, estimates of depreciation period for fixed assets, the valuation of equity-based transactions, and the valuation
allowance on deferred tax assets. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity, or remaining maturity when acquired, of three months or less
to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are all maintained in bank accounts in the U.S. and other foreign countries in which
the Company operates. Cash maintained in bank accounts outside of the U.S. is not significant. 

F- 16 

Credit
Risk 

The
Company maintains certain of its cash balances in various U.S. banks, which at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company
has not incurred any losses on these accounts. In addition, the Company maintains various bank accounts in Thailand, which are not insured.
During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, we have not incurred material losses on these uninsured accounts. The Company minimizes
the concentration of credit risk associated with its cash by maintaining its cash with high quality federally insured financial institutions.
The Company performs ongoing evaluations of its trade accounts receivable customers and generally does not require collateral. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements 

We
carry certain assets and liabilities at fair value. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid
to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. 

The
three-tier hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value, which prioritizes the inputs based on the observability as of the measurement
date, is as follows: 

Level
 1: 
 Observable
 inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 

Level
 2: 
 Inputs
 other than quoted prices that are observable, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities
 in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; and 

Level
 3: 
 Unobservable
 inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed by us, which reflect
 those that a market participant would use. 

The
Company measures its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with GAAP. For certain of our financial instruments, including cash,
accounts payable, accrued expenses, and the short-term portion of long-term debt, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to
their short maturities. 

Assets
and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the placement
of assets and liabilities being measured within the fair value hierarchy. (See Note 13). 

Accounts
Receivable 

Accounts
receivable represent receivables from customers in the ordinary course of business. These are recorded at invoices amount on the date
revenue is recognized. Receivables are recorded net of the allowance for doubtful accounts in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
The Company provides allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to repay their
obligation. If the financial condition of the Company s customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability
to repay, additional allowances may be required. The Company provides for potential uncollectible accounts receivable based on specific
customer identification and historical collection experience adjusted for existing market conditions. If market conditions decline, actual
collection experience may not meet expectations and may result in decreased cash flows and increased bad debt expense. The Company is
also subject to adjustments from traffic settlements that are deducted from open invoices. 

The
policy for determining past due status is based on the contractual payment terms of each customer, which are generally net 30 or net
60 days. Once collection efforts by the Company and its collection agency are exhausted, the determination for charging off uncollectible
receivables is made. 

F- 17 

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment are recorded at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based on the
estimated useful lives of the related assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the lease term or the useful life
of the improvements. 

Website
Development Costs 

The
Company accounts for its website development costs in accordance with ASC 350-50, Website Development Costs . These
costs, if any, are included in intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Upgrades or enhancements that
add functionality are capitalized while other costs during the operating stage are expensed as incurred. The Company amortizes the capitalized
website development costs over an estimated life of five years. 

As
of December 31, 2020 and 2019, all website development costs have been expensed. While it is likely that we will have significant amortization
expense as we continue to acquire websites, we believe that intangible assets represent costs incurred by the acquired website to build
value prior to acquisition and the related amortization and impairment charges of assets, if applicable, are not ongoing costs of doing
business. 

Goodwill,
Net and Intangible Assets, Net 

Goodwill
and Intangible assets result primarily from acquisitions. The Company categorizes Goodwill into two reporting units: Owned 
Operated and Ad Network . Intangible assets include trade name, customer relationships, IP/technology and non-compete
agreements. Upon the acquisition, the purchase price is first allocated to identifiable assets and liabilities, including the trade name
and other intangibles, with any remaining purchase price recorded as goodwill. 

Goodwill
is not amortized, rather, an impairment test is conducted on an annual basis, or more frequently if indicators of impairment are present,
which are determined through a qualitative assessment. A qualitative assessment includes consideration of the economic, industry and
market conditions in addition to the overall financial performance of the Company and these assets. If our qualitative assessment does
not conclude that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is greater than the carrying value,
we perform a quantitative analysis. In a quantitative test, the fair value of a reporting unit is determined based on a discounted cash
flow analysis and further analyzed using other methods of valuation. A discounted cash flow analysis requires us to make various assumptions,
including assumptions about future cash flows, growth rates and discount rates. The assumptions about future cash flows and growth rates
are based on our long-term projections. Assumptions used in our impairment testing are consistent with our internal forecasts and operating
plans. Our discount rate is based on our debt structure, adjusted for current market conditions. If the fair value of the reporting unit
exceeds its carrying amount, there is no impairment. If not, we compare the fair value with its carrying amount. To the extent the carrying
amount exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge of the reporting unit s goodwill would be necessary. The Company s annual
assessment date is December 31. 

The
Company s trade name and customer relationships are amortized on a straight-line basis over a useful life of 5 years. IP/technology
is amortized on a straight-line basis over a useful life of 10 years. Non-compete agreements are amortized on a straight-line basis over
the length of each agreement, typically between 3-5 years. The Company reviews for impairment indicators of finite-lived intangibles
and other long-lived assets as described below in Amortization and Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. 

Amortization
and Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

The
Company evaluates long-lived assets, including amortizable intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Upon such an occurrence, recoverability of assets to be held and
used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to forecasted undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated
by the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the
amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. For long-lived assets held for sale, assets are
written down to fair value, less cost to sell. Fair value is determined based on discounted cash flows, appraised values or management s
estimates, depending upon the nature of the assets. 

F- 18 

Share-Based
Compensation 

The
Company accounts for share-based compensation related to instruments issued to employees and non-employees under GAAP, which requires
the measurement and recognition compensation costs for all equity-based payment awards based on estimated fair values. The value of the
portion of an employee award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite service periods using
the straight-line attribution method. The Company estimates the fair value of stock options by using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model. Share-based compensation expense is included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations. We have elected to account for forfeitures as they occur. 

Advertising
and Marketing 

Advertising
and marketing expenses are expensed as incurred and are included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, advertising and marketing expense was 27,004
and 307,536, respectively, both attributable to continuing operations. 

Foreign
Currency Translation 

Assets
and liabilities of the Wild Sky, the Company s Thai subsidiary are translated from Thai baht to U.S. dollars at exchange rates
in effect at the balance sheet date. Income and expenses are translated at the exchange rates for the weighted average rates for the
period. The translation adjustments for the reporting period will be included in our statements of comprehensive income. 

Income
Taxes 

We
use the asset and liability method to account for income taxes. Under this method, deferred income taxes are determined based on the
differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements which
will result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years and are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws in the period
those differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided to reduce net deferred tax assets to the amount that, based
on available evidence, is more likely than not to be realized. 

The
Company follows the provisions of ASC 740-10, Income Taxes - Overall. When tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that some positions
taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the
position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10, the benefit
of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all available evidence, management believes
it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes,
if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with
the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as
described above should be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along
with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated
with unrecognized tax expenses are recognized as tax expenses in the Statement of Operations. 

Concentrations 

The
Company generates revenues from through an Ad Exchange Network and through our Owned and Operated Ad Exchange Network. The Company s
largest customer accounts for approximately 10 and 13 of the 2020 and 2019 Ad Exchange Network Revenue, respectively. 

F- 19 

Basic
and Diluted Net Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share 

Earnings
(loss) per share is calculated and reported under the two-class method. The two-class method is an earnings
allocation method under which earnings per share is calculated for each class of common stock and participating security considering
both dividends declared or accumulated and participation rights in undistributed earnings as if all such earnings had been distributed
during the period. The Company has convertible preferred stock which have a right to participate in dividends; these are deemed to be
participating securities. During periods of loss, there is no allocation required under the two-class method since the participating
securities do not have a contractual obligation to fund the losses of the Company. 

When
applicable, basic earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income, after deducting dividends on convertible preferred
stock and participating securities as well as undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities, by the average number of
common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is calculated in a similar manner after consideration
of the potential dilutive effect of common stock equivalents on the average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Common
stock equivalents include warrants and stock options. Common stock equivalents are calculated based upon the treasury stock method using
an average market price of common shares during the period. Dilution is not considered when a net loss is reported. Common stock equivalents
that have an antidilutive effect are excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share. 

Segment
Information 

The
Company currently operates in one reporting segment. The services segment is focused on producing advertising revenue generated by users
 clicking on website advertisements utilizing several ad network partners, and direct advertisers and subscription revenue
generated by the sale of access to career postings on one of our websites, however the latter, is insignificant. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13 (amended by ASU 2019-10), Financial
Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, regarding the measurement of credit
losses for certain financial instruments. which replaces the incurred loss model with a current expected credit loss CECL model. The CECL model is based on historical experience, adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The
Company is required to adopt the new guidance on January 1, 2023. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have
on the consolidated financial statements. 

In
January 2017, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2017-04 (amended by ASU 2019-10), Intangibles
 Goodwill and other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. Which simplifies the test for goodwill
impairment by removing the second step of the test. There is a one-step qualitative test and does not amend the optional qualitative
assessment of goodwill impairment. The new standard is effective January 1, 2023 and is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives
and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) . The ASU simplifies the accounting for certain
financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. The FASB reduced the number of accounting models for convertible
debt and convertible preferred stock instruments and made certain disclosure amendments to improve the information provided to users.
The new standard is effective January 1, 2024 (early adoption is permitted, but not earlier than January 1, 2021). The new standard is
not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. 
which simplifies the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and clarifies
and amends the existing guidance. The new standard is effective January 1, 2021 and the Company has adopted it effective January 1, 2020.
The new standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In
March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate
Reform on Financial Reporting which provides optional expedient and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting
principles to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met.
In response to the concerns about structural risks of interbank offered rates IBORs and, particularly, the risk of cessation
of the LIBOR, regulators in several jurisdictions around the world have undertaken reference rate reform initiatives to identify alternative
reference rates that are more observable or transaction based and less susceptible to manipulation. This accounting standards update
provides companies with optional guidance to ease the potential accounting burden associated with transitioning away from reference rates
that are expected to be discontinued. This new guidance may be adopted by the Company no later than December 1, 2022, with early adoption
permitted. The potential adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 20 

NOTE
4 ACQUISITIONS 

Oceanside 

On
July 31, 2019, the Company executed a Share Exchange Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Oceanside Merger Agreement with
Slutzky Winshman Ltd., an Israeli company Oceanside and the shareholders of Oceanside (the Oceanside Shareholders ).
The merger closed on August 15, 2019, and the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of S W. Pursuant to the terms of the
Merger Agreement, we issued 12,513,227 shares valued at 20,021,163 to owners and employees of Oceanside and contingent consideration
of 750,000 paid through the delivery of unsecured, interest free, one and two year promissory notes (the Closing Notes ).
At the time of the acquisition and under ASC 805, these Closing Notes were recorded ratably as compensation expense into the statement
of operations over the 24-month term and an accrued payable is being recognized over the same period. 

As of August 15, 2020,
the Company did not make payment on the 1 st closing notes and thereby defaulted on its obligation and the 2 nd closing
note accelerated to become payable as of August 15, 2020. Upon default, the closing notes accrue interest at a 1.5 per month rate, or
18 annual rate. As a result, there was an incremental total charge of 300,672 recorded during 2020 which was 250,000 of additional
compensation expense and 50,672 of interest expense-related party. 

Effective
upon the closing of the S W Merger Agreement, the Company agreed to pay Spartan Capital Securities LLC Spartan Capital ),
a broker-dealer and member of FINRA, a finder s fee in the form of Company common stock plus 165,000 cash. Spartan Capital s
finder s fee amounted to 650,000 shares (valued at 1,040,000) issued in February 2020 and the 165,000 which were included in
the accrued expenses as of December 31, 2019 and paid in March 2020. 

The
allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on management s estimate of fair values at
the date of acquisition as follows: 

August
 15, 2019 (As
 Restated) 
 
 Tangible assets acquired 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 547,159 
 
 Short-term deposit 
 56,585 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 2,248,165 
 
 Prepaid expense and other current assets 
 251,652 
 
 Long-term deposits 
 59,326 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 71,868 
 
 Intangible assets acquired: 

Tradename Trademarks 
 799,500 
 
 IP/Technology 
 1,531,000 
 
 Customer relationships 
 489,000 
 
 Non-compete agreements 
 301,100 
 
 Less: Liabilities assumed 

Trade payables 
 (3,089,865 
 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 (313,190 
 
 Due to parent 
 56 
 
 Less: Deferred tax liability 
 (499,296 
 
 Net assets acquired 
 2,453,060 

Goodwill 
 17,568,103 
 
 Total purchase price 
 20,021,163 

The
table below summarizes the value of the total consideration given in the transaction: 

Amount
 
 (As Restated) 

Shares issued to owners 
 19,281,278 
 
 Shares issued for vested options 
 643,885 
 
 Shares issued to employees 
 96,000 
 
 Total consideration 
 20,021,163 

F- 21 

MediaHouse 

On
November 18, 2019, the Company executed a Merger Agreement which merged the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary BMTM2, Inc., a Florida
corporation with News Distribution Network, Inc. NDN ), a Delaware Company. The subsidiary then changed its name to MediaHouse,
LLC MediaHouse ). The Company agreed to issue 22,559,790 shares of its common stock and 4,972,896 warrants to purchase
shares of Company stock. Each share of NDN s outstanding Series A1 Preferred Stock and common stock, other than shares to which
holders shall have exercised dissenter s rights in accordance with Delaware law, were cancelled and extinguished and converted
into the right to receive shares of the Company s common stock based upon a paid-in capital basis, and subject to a 1.75 conversion
price of our common stock. For every 1.75 of paid-in capital by an NDN stockholder, the NDN stockholder received one share of the Company s
common stock. Moreover, all NDN warrants and options outstanding at the Effective Time of the Merger Agreement terminated and were cancelled
unless exercised prior to the Effective Time of the Merger Agreement. 

As
it pertains to outstanding promissory notes and other obligations payable to NDN, Bridge notes in the current principal amount of 1,243,224
were converted into shares of Company common stock at a conversion price of 0.50 per share, with one common stock warrant exercisable
at 0.75 per share and one common stock warrant exercisable at 1.00 per share issued for each conversion share. The principal of the
bridge notes was converted into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of 1.75 per share, and all accrued
but unpaid interest were forgiven by the noteholders. 

The
table below summarizes the shares and warrants issued in the MediaHouse acquisition: 

Shares issues in MediaHouse acquisition 
 Amount
 
 (As Restated) 
 
 Common Shares: 

Series A1 Preferred Stock 
 18,652,514 
 
 Bridge investors at 0.50 
 2,486,448 
 
 Bridge investors at 2X premium converted at 1.75 
 1,420,828 
 
 Total Common Shares 
 22,559,790 

Warrants 

Bridge investors at 0.75 
 2,486,448 
 
 Bridge investors at 1.00 
 2,486,448 
 
 Total Warrants 
 4,972,896 

The
Total Consideration Shares are subject to lock up restrictions on resale as determined by Bright Mountain and 25 percent of the Total
Consideration Shares were placed in escrow to satisfy certain obligations including, but not limited to, (i) the delivery of NDN audited
financial statements, (ii) NDN having accounts receivable of at least 1,100,000 and (iii) certain NDN liabilities not to exceed 4,000,000.
Effective upon the Closing, we agreed to pay Spartan Capital a finder s fee equal to 1,389,160 shares of our common stock (valued
at 2,278,222) which was included in the accrued expenses as of December 31, 2019. Of the 1,389,160 shares, 660,000 were issued in February
2020 and the remainder were issued in December 2020. 

F- 22 

The allocation of the purchase
price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on management s estimate of fair values at the date of acquisition as
follows: 

November
 18, 2019 (As
 Restated) 
 
 Tangible assets acquired 

Cash cash equivalents 
 146,253 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 962,722 
 
 Prepaid expense 
 53,214 
 
 Security deposit 
 31,124 
 
 Intangible assets acquired: 

Tradename Trademarks 
 589,800 
 
 IP/Technology 
 4,280,000 
 
 Customer relationships 
 10,945,000 
 
 Non-compete agreements 
 775,400 
 
 Less: Liabilities assumed 

Accounts payable 
 (4,000,000 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 (28,429 
 
 Compensation expense 
 (184,849 
 
 Deferred rent 
 (15,444 
 
 Less: Deferred tax liability 
 (4,204,786 
 
 Net assets acquired 
 9,350,005 

Goodwill 
 33,394,397 
 
 Total purchase price 
 42,744,402 

The
table below summarizes the value of the total consideration given in the transaction: 

Amount (As
 Restated) 

Shares issued to owners 
 36,998,055 
 
 Warrants issued 
 5,746,347 
 
 Total consideration 
 42,744,402 

Wild
Sky Media 

On
June 1, 2020, the Company entered into a membership interest purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Centre Lane
Partners Master Credit Fund II, L.P. Centre Lane to purchase 100 of the membership interests of CL Media Holdings, LLC Wild Sky ). The Company issued 2,500,000 shares of restricted common stock to Centre Lane and Centre Lane issued a first
lien senior secured credit facility of 16,451,905. Per the credit facility with Center Lane, our loan payments begin December 1, 2021.
There is no prepayment penalty associated with this credit facility. Certain future capital raises do require partial or full prepayments
of the credit facility. 

The
Agreement provides for a senior secured five-year loan in the initial principal amount of 16,451,905. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement,
the loan bears interest at six percent (6 payment in-kind interest PIK Interest which will be added to the outstanding
principal balance. The Credit Agreement provides for no amortization for the first 18 months and 10 thereafter. Amortization is payable
in equal quarterly installments on the principal balance after adding the PIK Interest with a bullet payment due at maturity on June
1, 2025. The loan under the Credit Agreement may be prepaid in minimum amounts 250,000. The loan balance can be prepaid with no penalty.
The loan is guaranteed by Bright Mountain and certain of its domestic subsidiaries of which became party to a Guarantee Agreement dated
as of the Effective Date and each domestic subsidiary that, subsequent to the Effective Date, becomes a subsidiary. The Credit Agreement
contains negative covenants that, subject to certain exceptions, limits the ability of Bright Mountain and its subsidiaries to, among
other things, incur debt, engage in new lines of business, incur liens, engage in mergers, consolidations, liquidations and dissolutions,
dispose of assets of Bright Mountain and its subsidiaries, make investments, loans, advances, guarantees and acquisitions. Any equity
raised up to 15,000,000 in the first one-hundred eighty days from the Credit Agreement is excluded from the loan balance prepayment
requirements. 

F- 23 

Effective
upon the closing of the Wild Sky Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to pay Spartan Capital Securities LLC Spartan Capital ),
a broker-dealer and member of FINRA, a finder s fee in the form of Company common stock. Spartan Capital was issued 610,000 shares
(valued at 908,900) in December 2020. 

The
allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on management s estimate of fair values at
the date of acquisition as follows: 

June
 1, 2020 (As
 Restated) 
 
 Tangible assets acquired 

Cash cash equivalents 
 1,651,509 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 2,887,282 
 
 Prepaid expense 
 484,885 
 
 Fixed assets, net 
 124,575 
 
 Other assets 
 321,374 
 
 Intangible assets acquired: 

Tradename Trademarks 
 2,360,300 
 
 IP/Technology 
 1,412,000 
 
 Customer relationships 
 4,563,000 
 
 Less: Liabilities assumed 

Accounts payable 
 (922,153 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 (524,188 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 (235,503 
 
 Long term loan payable PPP 
 (1,706,735 
 
 Less: Deferred tax liability 
 (247,577 
 
 Net assets acquired 
 10,168,769 

Goodwill 
 9,973,136 
 
 Total purchase price 
 20,141,905 

The
table below summarizes the value of the total consideration given in the transaction: 

Amount (As
 Restated) 

Debt issued 
 16,416,905 
 
 Shares issued 
 3,725,000 
 
 Total consideration 
 20,141,905 

NOTE
5 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

During
2018 with the appropriate level of authority, management determined to exit, effective December 31, 2018, its Black Helmet and
 Bright Mountain Watches business lines as a result of, among other things, the change in our strategic direction to a focus solely
in our advertising segment. The decisions to exit all components of our product segments will result in these businesses being accounted
for as discontinued operations. Accordingly, the Company determined that the assets and liabilities of this reportable segment met the
discontinued operations criteria in ASC 205, as such the results have been classified as discontinued operations. 

On
March 8, 2019, the Black Helmet Apparel E-Commerce business was sold for 175,000. In 2020 the Company had no discontinued operations
expense. 

F- 24 

The
detail of the consolidated balance sheets the consolidated statements of operations and consolidated cash flows for the discontinued
operations is as stated below: 

December 31, 

2019
 (As restated) 
 
 Discontinued Operations 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 791 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 914 
 
 Total Current Assets Discontinued Operations 
 1,705 
 
 Total Assets Discontinued Operations 
 1,705 
 
 Accounts payable 
 591 
 
 Total Current Liabilities Discontinued Operations 
 591 
 
 Net Assets Discontinued Operations 
 1,114 

Year ended 

December 31, 

2019 
 
 Revenues 
 102,999 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 55,844 
 
 Gross profit 
 47,155 
 
 Selling general, and administrative expenses 
 212,798 
 
 Loss from operations discontinued operations 
 (165,643 
 
 Other income 
 28,909 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations 
 (136,734 
 
 Basic and fully diluted net loss per share discontinued
 operations 
 (0.00 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding basic diluted 
 72,435,144 

Year ended 

December 31, 

2019 (As
 restated) 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations 
 (136,734 
 
 Write-off of fixed assets 
 59,797 
 
 Change in Assets and Liabilities Classified as Discontinued
 Operations: 

Inventory 
 262,318 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 (914 
 
 Other Assets 
 11,123 
 
 Accounts payable 
 (155,811 
 
 Deferred Rent 
 (16,417 
 
 Change in cash provided by discontinued operations 
 23,362 

F- 25 

NOTE
6 PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS 

At
December 31, 2020 and 2019, prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the following: 

December
 31, 

2020 
 2019 (As
 Restated) 
 
 Prepaid insurance 
 386,206 
 199,757 
 
 Prepaid
 consulting service agreements Spartan (1) 
 379,771 
 310,000 
 
 Prepaid value added tax (VAT) fees 
 
 7,981 
 
 Prepaid rent 
 
 189,951 
 
 Prepaid expenses other 
 174,237 
 (3,183 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 940,214 
 704,506 

(1) Spartan
 Capital is a broker-dealer that has assisted the Company with a range of services including
 capital raising activities, M A advisory, and consulting services. The Company has a
 five-year agreement with Spartan Capital for the provision of such services and any prepayments
 made under the terms of this agreement starting October 2018 were capitalized and amortized
 over the remaining life of the agreement. 

NOTE
7 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

At
December 31, 2020 and 2019, property and equipment consisted of the following: 

December
 31, 
 Estimated Useful Life 

2020 
 2019 
 (Years) 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 80,844 
 39,696 
 3-5 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 1,388 
 1,388 
 3 
 
 Computer equipment 
 176,641 
 79,188 
 3 
 
 Total property and equipment 
 258,873 
 120,272 

Less: accumulated depreciation 
 (145,623 
 (89,606 

Total property and equipment, net 
 113,250 
 30,666 

Depreciation
expense was 46,369 and 10,265 for the years ending December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, all of which are attributable to continuing
operations. 

NOTE
8 WEBSITE ACQUISITION AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

At
December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, website acquisitions, net consisted of the following: 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Website acquisition assets 
 1,124,846 
 1,124,846 
 
 Less: accumulated amortization 
 (918,850 
 (875,522 
 
 Less: accumulated impairment loss 
 (200,396 
 (200,396 
 
 Website acquisition assets, net 
 5,600 
 48,928 

Amortization
expense related to website acquisition costs for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 was 43,328 and 72,813, respectively, and
is included in selling, general and administrative costs in the statements of operations. 

At
December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, intangible assets, net consisted of the following: 

Useful
 Lives 
 2020 
 2019 (As
 Restated) 
 
 Tradename 
 5
 years 
 3,749,600 
 1,389,300 
 
 Customer relationships 
 5
 years 
 16,184,000 
 11,621,000 
 
 IP / Technology 
 10
 years 
 7,223,000 
 5,811,000 
 
 Non-compete agreements 
 3-5
 years 
 1,154,500 
 1,154,500 
 
 Total intangible assets 
 
 28,311,100 
 19,975,800 
 
 Less: accumulated amortization 
 
 (4,170,454 
 (583,364 
 
 Less: accumulated impairment loss 
 
 (16,486,929 

Intangible assets, net 
 
 7,653,717 
 19,392,436 

F- 26 

Amortization
expense related to intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 was 3,587,090 and 583,364, respectively, and is
included in selling, general and administrative costs in the statements of operations. The table below shows the forward 5-year amortization
table. 

Amount 
 
 2021 
 1,596,021 
 
 2022 
 1,569,421 
 
 2023 
 1,554,500 
 
 2024 
 1,554,416 
 
 2025 thereafter 
 1,379,359 
 
 Total 
 7,653,717 

During
2020, the finite lived intangible assets associated with Oceanside and MediaHouse were tested for impairment valuation based on indicators
of impairment noted by management, including decreased revenues. primarily resulting from the COVID-19 global pandemic when many companies
in various industries were forced to restructure their advertising budgets and spending. The fair value of the respective assets was
determined based on the projected future cash flows associated with the respective assets. These fair values were compared with the carrying
values of the respective assets to determine if an impairment of the respective assets was warranted. It was determined that the carrying
values of the finite lived intangible assets associated with Oceanside did not exceed the respective fair values of the assets, therefore
no revaluation associated with these assets has been recognized. It was determined that the finite lived intangible assets associated
with MediaHouse were deemed impaired based on an analysis of the carrying values and fair values of the assets. In September 2020, the
Company recorded an impairment expense of 16,486,929 within intangible assets impairment expense on the consolidated statement of operations. 

NOTE
9 GOODWILL 

The
following table presents changes to goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019: 

Owned
 Operated 
 Ad Network 
 Total 
 
 January 1, 2019 goodwill 
 
 988,926 
 988,926 
 
 Additions (a) 
 
 51,144,696 
 51,144,696 
 
 December 31, 2019 goodwill (as Restated) 
 
 52,133,622 
 52,133,622 
 
 Additions (b) 
 9,973,136 
 
 9,973,136 
 
 Deletions (c) 
 
 (182,203 
 (182,203 
 
 Impairment loss 
 (247,577 
 (42,031,510 
 (42,279,087 
 
 December 31, 2020 goodwill 
 9,725,559 
 9,919,909 
 19,645,468 

(a) 
 The
 Company recognized Goodwill of 17,568,103 and 33,394,397 in connection with the acquisitions of Oceanside and MediaHouse, respectively.
 Refer to Note 4. 
 
 (b) 
 The
 Company recognized Goodwill of 9,973,136 in connection with the acquisition Wild Sky. Refer to Note 4. 
 
 (c) 
 The
 Company had an adjustment to Goodwill related to purchase accounting related to the acquisition of MediaHouse for 182,203) related
 to a working capital adjustment. 

Goodwill
is tested for impairment at least annually and if triggering events are noted prior to the annual assessment. Impairment is deemed to
occur when the carrying value of the Goodwill associated with the reporting unit exceeds the implied value of the Goodwill associated
with the reporting unit. The year 2020 has been marked by the COVID-19 Global pandemic when many companies in various industries were
forced to restructure their advertising budgets and spending. This is evidenced by the reduced revenues from our customers in comparison
with the 2019 year. The fair value of the respective reporting units was determined based on both the Income Approach (Discount Cash
Flows) and the Market Multiples Approach. In September 2020, it was determined that the carrying value of the Goodwill associated with
the Owned Operated reporting unit was not deemed impaired; while recorded goodwill associated with the Ad Network reporting unit
exceeded the fair value of the Goodwill and in September 2020, the Company recorded an impairment of 42,279,087. 

F- 27 

NOTE
10 ACCRUED EXPENSES 

At
December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, accrued expenses consisted of the following: 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 (As
 restated) 
 
 Accrued interest 
 581,888 

Accrued salaries and benefits 
 1,237,909 
 291,837 
 
 Accrued dividends 
 455,956 
 158,966 
 
 Accrued
 traffic settlement (1) 
 10,254 
 95,254 
 
 Accrued
 legal settlement (2) 
 117,717 

Accrued legal fees 
 113,683 
 95,000 
 
 Accrued other professional fees 
 206,613 
 2,495,710 
 
 Share
 issuance liability (4) 
 515,073 
 1,155,836 
 
 Accrued
 warrant penalty (3) 
 262,912 
 109,200 
 
 Other accrued expenses 
 44,891 
 320,688 
 
 Total accrued expenses 
 3,546,896 
 4,722,491 

(1)
The Company negotiates with its publishing partners regarding questionable traffic to arrive at traffic settlements. 

 (2)
Accrued legal settlement related to the Encoding legal matter. Refer to Note 13. 

 (3)
The Company has sold units of its securities to various investors in several private placements. As part of each private placement, the
Company agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC to register the resale of the shares by the respective holder in order to
permit the public resale; such filing deadlines ranged from 120 to 270 days following the closing date of the respective placement and
the Company was liable to pay a penalty fee for failure to file the resale registration statement within the allotted timeframe. 

 (4)
Share issuance liability related to issuance of the Company s common stock in connection with the Oceanside, MediaHouse and Wild
Sky acquisitions and Oceanside employee share issuances. Refer to Note 4 for further information on the Company s acquisitions. 

NOTE
11 DEBT 

Short-term
debt 

In
connection with the acquisition of BMLLC, the Company issued promissory notes totaling 380,000. The notes had no stated interest rate
and matured on September 19, 2018 and the Company was in default prior to a settlement reached on July 8, 2020. Effective July 8, 2020,
the Company executed a Settlement Agreement and Release with Harry G. Pagoulatos, George Rezitis, and Angelo Triantafillou whereby they
relinquish their Bright Mountain common stock shares, and the Company pays them full and final settlement of 385,000 within 12 months
from the date the shares are delivered to Bright Mountain, which were received by our legal agent in December 2020. The Company had previously
made payments against the notes resulting in a recorded liability due to the parties of 165,163. The settlement increased the liability
to a final settlement amount of 385,000, requiring an additional liability of 219,837 which was recognized by the Company within Notes
payable in the consolidated balance sheet. The balance of the notes payable at December 31, 2020 and 2019 were 385,000 and 165,163,
respectively. The notes are payable one year from the surrender of the note holders common stock of the Company, which is included
in treasury stock (Note 15). 

F- 28 

Long-term
debt to related parties 

During
November 2018, the Company issued 10 convertible promissory notes in the amount of 80,000 to the Company s Chairman of the Board.
The notes mature five years from issuance and are convertible at the option of the holder into shares of common stock at any time prior
to maturity at a conversion price of 0.40 per share. A beneficial conversion feature exists on the date the convertible notes were issued
whereby the fair value of the underlying common stock to which the notes are convertible into is in excess of the face value of the note
of 70,000. 

The
principal balance of these notes payable was 80,000 at both December 31, 2020 and 2019 and discounts recognized upon respective origination
dates as a result of the beneficial conversion feature total 39,728 and 54,311, respectively. At December 31, 2020 and 2019, the total
convertible notes payable to related party net of discounts was 40,272 and 25,689, respectively. 

The
unsecured and interest free Closing Notes of 750,000 as identified in Note 4 were recorded ratably as compensation expense into the
statement of operations over the 24-month term and an accrued payable is being recognized over the same period. As of August 15, 2020,
the Company did not make payment on the 1 st closing notes and thereby defaulted on its obligation and the 2 nd closing
note accelerated to become payable as of August 15, 2020. Upon default, the closing notes accrue interest at a 1.5 per month rate, or
18 annual rate. As a result, there was a total charge of 300,672 recorded during the 3 rd quarter of 2020 which was 250,000
of compensation expense and 50,672 of interest expense-related party. The total 750,000 liability is recorded in accrued expenses. 

Interest
expense for note payable to related party for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 was 58,808 and 19,334, respectively. 

Long-term
debt 

On
April 24, 2020, under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP established by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act, administered by the Small Business Administration SBA ),the Company entered into a promissory
note of 464,800 with Regions Bank (the Bright Mountain PPP Loan and has a two-year term and bears interest at a rate
of 1.0 per annum. Monthly principal and interest payments are deferred for six months after the date of disbursement. The PPP Loan may
be prepaid at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. The Promissory Note contains customary events of default provisions.
Under the terms of the CARES Act, PPP Loan recipients can apply for and be granted forgiveness for all or a portion of loans granted
under the PPP. On January 28, 2021, the Company applied for the promissory note to be forgiven by the SBA in whole or in part; as of
the date of this report, the Company that application is still in process. This loan was forgiven on July 16, 2021 by the Small Business
Administration (SBA). See Note 20 for Subsequent events information. 

Effective
June 1, 2020, the Company acquired Wild Sky and assumed the 1,706,735 promissory note (the Wild Sky PPP Loan with Holcomb
Bank received under the PPP. The Wild Sky PPP Loan has a two-year term and bears interest at a rate of 1.0 per annum. Monthly principal
and interest payments are deferred for six months after the date of disbursement. The Wild Sky PPP Loan may be prepaid at any time prior
to maturity with no prepayment penalties. The Wild Sky PPP Loan contains customary events of default provisions. Under the terms of the
CARES Act, PPP Loan recipients can apply for and be granted forgiveness for all or a portion of loans granted under the PPP. On January
22, 2021, the Company applied for the promissory note to be forgiven by the SBA in whole or in part and on March 29, 2021, the Company
obtained the forgiveness of the Wild Sky PPP Loan in whole. 

Effective
June 1, 2020, we entered into a membership interest purchase agreement to acquire 100 of Wild Sky The seller issued a first lien senior
secured credit facility totaling 16,451,905, which consisted of 15,000,000 of initial indebtedness, repayment of Wild Sky s existing
accounts receivable factoring facility of approximately 900,000 and approximately 500,000 of expenses. The note bears interest at a
rate of 6.0 per annum. Per the credit facility with the seller, our loan payments begin December 1, 2021. There is no prepayment penalty
associated with this credit facility. Certain future capital raises do require partial or full prepayments of the credit facility. The
membership interest purchase included a requirement that the opinion of the financial statements as of and for the year ended December
31, 2020 not include a going concern opinion the Company has defaulted on this requirement but on April 26, 2021, the
Company obtained a waiver from the lender waiving this requirement. 

F- 29 

At
December 31, 2020 and 2019 a summary of the Company s debt is as follows: 

December
 31, 2020 
 December
 31, 2019 (As
 Restated) 
 
 Non-interest bearing BMLLC acquisition debt 
 385,000 
 165,163 
 
 PPP loans 
 2,171,534 

Wild Sky acquisition debt 
 16,451,906 

Total debt 
 19,008,440 
 165,163 
 
 Less: short term debt and current portion of long term debt 
 2,091,735 
 165,163 
 
 Long term debt 
 16,916,705 

Interest
expense was 581,925 and 39,411 for the years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively. 

The
minimum annual principal payments of notes payable at December 31, 2020 were: 

2021 
 2,091,735 
 
 2022 
 2,684,241 
 
 2023 
 1,696,463 
 
 2024 
 1,629,493 
 
 2025 
 10,906,508 
 
 Total 
 19,008,440 

Premium
Finance Loan Payable 

The
Company generally finances its annual insurance premiums through the use of short-term notes, payable in 10 equal monthly installments.
Coverages financed include Directors and Officers and Errors and Omissions with premiums financed in 2020 and 2019 of 380,397 and 110,200,
respectively. Total Premium Finance Loan Payable balance for the Company s policies was 339,890 and 179,844 as of December 31,
2020 and 2019, respectively. 

NOTE
12 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

The
Company s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are categorized based upon a fair value hierarchy that ranks the quality
and reliability of the information used to determine fair value. Financial instruments recognized in the consolidated balance sheets
consist of cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, note receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses
and premium finance loan payable. The Company believes that the carrying value of its current financial instruments approximates their
fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying value of long-term debt to related parties and long-term
debt to others approximates the current borrowing rate for similar debt instruments. 

The
Company has certain non-financial assets that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis when there is an indicator of impairment,
and they are recorded at fair value only when impairment is recognized. These assets include property, plant and equipment, goodwill
and intangible assets, net. Refer to Note 9 and Note 10 for discussion on impairment of intangible assets and goodwill, respectively.
The Company does not have any non-financial liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 

F- 30 

Financial
Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The
tables below set forth information related to the Company s consolidated financial instruments (in thousands): 

Level
 in Fair 
 December
 31, 2020 
 December
 31, 2019 

Value
 Hierarchy 
 Carrying Amount 
 Fair Value 
 Carrying Amount 
 Fair Value 

PPP
 Loan 
 2 
 2,171,534 
 2,171,534 

Long-term
 debt 
 3 
 16,451,906 
 16,451,906 

Long-term
 debt to related parties 
 3 
 80,000 
 80,000 
 80,000 
 80,000 
 
 Non-interest
 bearing BMLLC acquisition debt 
 3 
 385,000 
 385,000 
 165,163 
 165,163 

The
following are the major categories of liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level
3) as of December 31, 2020 and 2019: 

Fair Value measurement using Level 3 

Balance at December 31, 2018 
 309,844 
 
 Principal reductions during 2019 
 (64,681 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2019 
 245,163 
 
 Additions
 during 2020 (1) 
 16,671,743 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 16,916,906 

(1) Additions
 are due to 16,451,906 related to the Wild Sky acquisition debt (Refer to Note 4) and 219,837
 to settlement in relation with the acquisition of BMLLC. Refer to Long term debt 
 in Note 12. 

NOTE
13 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Leases 

The
Company leases its corporate offices in Boca Raton, Florida under a long-term non-cancellable lease agreement expiring on October 31,
2021. The lease terms require base rent payments of approximately 7,260 per month for the first twelve months commencing in September
2018, with a 3 escalation each year. This monthly payment is all-inclusive and includes electricity, heat, air-conditioning, and water.
The lease terms require a security deposit of 4,700 which is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet. 

The
right-of-use asset and lease liability are as follows as of December 31, 2020 and 2019: 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Assets 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 
 72,598 
 397,912 

Liabilities 

Operating lease liability, current 
 72,727 
 211,744 
 
 Operating lease liability, net of current portion 
 
 198,232 
 
 Total operating lease liabilities 
 72,727 
 409,976 

The
Company s non-lease components are primarily related to property maintenance and other operating services, which vary based on
future outcomes and is recognized in rent expense when incurred and not included in the measurement of the lease liability. The Company
did not have any variable lease payments for its operating lease for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

F- 31 

Future minimum lease commitments
due for facilities under non-cancellable operating leases at December 31, 2020 are as follows: 

Operating
 Leases 
 
 2021 
 72,598 
 
 Total minimum lease payments 
 72,598 

The
following summarizes additional information related to the operating lease: 

December
 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term 
 0.83
 years 
 1.83
 years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 5.50 
 5.50 

Rent
expense for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 was 377,704 and 137,152 of which 377,704 and 109,518 are from continuing operations,
respectively. 

Legal 

From
time-to-time, the Company may be involved in litigation or be subject to claims arising out of our operations or content appearing on
our websites in the normal course of business. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, the
Company currently believes that the final outcome of these ordinary course matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Spartan
Capital: Under the covenants of the Placement Agent Agreement and as disclosed in the Placement Offering Memorandum, the Company was
obligated to make a filing with a stock exchange to list the Company s shares. The Company was to make such filing by a listing
deadline and have stock exchange approval by a listing approval deadline. In the event the Company was unable to meet to deadlines, the
investors in the Offering would be entitled to one additional share of common stock for each share purchased in the Offering provided,
however, that such deadlines and obligations of the Company to issue additional shares would be extended for so long as the Company was
able to demonstrate to the reasonable satisfaction of the Placement Agent, which consent shall not be reasonably withheld that it had
acted in good-faith in attempting to list such securities which included responding to comments from such exchange. The Company believes
it has acted in good-faith and has no obligation. No litigation has been filed by Spartan at this time or any of the shareholders in
connection with the matter. For more information, see Note 20 Subsequent events. 

In
2020, Synacor, Inc commenced an action against MediaHouse, LLC, Inform, Inc. and the Company, alleging approximately 230,000 was owed
based on invoices provided in 2019 in respect to that certain Content Provider Advertising Agreement with MediaHouse. The Company
has filed an answer and defenses and intends to defend the alleged claims. This is recorded as an accrued liability as of December 31,
2020. For more information, see Note 20 Subsequent events. 

A
former employee of the Company filed a suit against the Company MediaHouse, Inc., and Gregory A. Peters, a former Executive, (the Defendants alleging two counts of defamation. Any potential losses associated with this matter cannot be estimated at this time. 

Encoding.com,
Inc. Encoding was a former digital media customer of MediaHouse. Encoding had a long overdue outstanding receivable from
MediaHouse s predecessor company, Inform, Inc. MediaHouse did not assume the liability at acquisition. In 2020, the Company and
Encoding agreed to settle the overdue receivable through the issuance of 175,000 warrants to purchase Company stock with a 1.00 exercise
price. This is recorded as an accrued liability as of December 31, 2020 and the warrants were issued in 2021. 

Regardless
of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on our company because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management
resources and other factors. 

F- 32 

NOTE
14 PREFERRED STOCK 

The
Company has authorized 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of 0.01 (the Preferred Stock ), issuable in
such series and with such designations, rights and preferences as the board of directors may determine. The Company s board of
directors has previously designated five series of preferred stock, consisting of 10 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series
A Stock ), 10 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Stock ), 10 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock Series
C Stock ), 10 Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Series D Stock and 10 Series E Convertible Preferred Stock Series E Stock ). 

On
November 5, 2018, the Company filed Articles of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, which: 

returned
 1,000,000 shares of previously designated 10 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, 2,000,000 shares of previously designated 10 
 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and 2,000,000 shares of previously designated 10 Series D Convertible Preferred Stock to the
 status of authorized but undesignated and unissued shares of our blank check preferred stock as there were no shares of any of these
 series outstanding and no intention to issue any such shares in the future: and 

created
 three new series of preferred stock, 12 Series F-1 Convertible Preferred Stock Series F-1 consisting of 2,177,233
 shares, 6 Series F-2 Convertible Preferred Stock Series F-2 consisting of 1,408,867 shares, and 10 Series F-3 Convertible
 Preferred Stock Series F-3 consisting of 757,917 shares. 

The
designations, rights and preferences of the Series F-1, Series F-2 and Series F-3 are identical, other than the dividend rate, liquidation
preference and date of automatic conversion into shares of our common stock. The Series F-1 pays dividends at the rate of 12 per annum
and automatically converts into shares of our common stock on April 10, 2022. The Series F-2 pays dividends at the rate of 6 per annum
and automatically converts into shares of our common on July 27, 2022. The Series F-3 pays dividends at the rate of 10 per annum and
automatically converts into shares of our common stock on August 30, 2022. Additional terms of the designations, rights and preferences
of the Series F-1, Series F-2 and Series F-3 include: 

the
 shares have no voting rights, except as may be provided under Florida law; 

the
 shares pay cash dividends subject to the provisions of Florida law at the dividend rates set forth above, payable monthly in arrears; 

the
 shares are convertible at any time at the option of the holder into shares of our common stock on a 1:1 basis. The conversion ratio
 is proportionally adjusted in the event of stock splits, recapitalization or similar corporate events. Any shares not previously
 converted will automatically convert into shares of our common stock on the dates set forth above; 

the
 shares rank junior to our 10 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and our 10 Series E Convertible Preferred Stock; 

in
 the event of a liquidation or winding up of the Company, the shares have a liquidation preference of 0.50 per share for the Series
 F-1, 0.50 per share for the Series F-2 and 0.40 per share for the Series F-3; and 

the
 shares are not redeemable by the Company. 

On
July 18, 2019, the Company filed Articles of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, which: 

Approved
 designation of 2,000,000 shares of the preferred stock as 10 series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock and authorized the issuance
 of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock; 

Dividends
 on the Series A-1 Preferred stock are cumulative and payable in cash; 

Dividends
 shall be payable monthly in arrears within fifteen (15) days after the end of the month. 

F- 33 

At
both December 31, 2020 and 2019, there were 1,200,000 shares of Series A-1 Stock, 2,500,000 shares of Series E Stock and 4,344,017 shares
of Series F Stock issued and outstanding. There are no shares of Series B Stock, Series B-1 Stock, Series C Stock or Series D Stock issued
and outstanding. 

Other
designations, rights and preferences of each of series of preferred stock are identical, including (i) shares do not have voting rights,
except as may be permitted under Florida law, (ii) are convertible into shares of our common stock at the holder s option on a
one for one basis, (iii) are entitled to a liquidation preference equal to a return of the capital invested, and (iv) each share will
automatically convert into shares of common stock five years from the date of issuance or upon a change in control. Both the voluntary
and automatic conversion formulas are subject to proportional adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends and similar corporate
events. 

In
2019, Mr. W. Kip Speyer, the Company s Chairman of the Board, purchased an aggregate of 1,200,000 shares of Series A-1 Stock
at a purchase price of 0.50 per share. 

Dividends
paid for Series A-1, E and F Convertible Preferred Stock were 63,136 and 180,931 for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
Total preferred stock dividend accrued amounted to 363,460 and 319,351 for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

NOTE
15 COMMON STOCK 

Treasury
Stock 

On
July 8, 2020, the Company executed a Settlement Agreement and Release with the Harry G. Pagoulatos, George Rezitis, and Angelo Triantafillou
whereby they relinquished their Bright Mountain common stock shares and the Company will pay a final settlement of 385,000 within 12
months from the date the shares are delivered to the Company, which were received by the legal agent in December 2020. As of December 31, 2020, the parties have provided the Company with the total 825,175 shares. The shares will
be held as Treasury Stock by the Company and will be resold at later dates. 

Stock
Issued for cash 

During
2020, the Company sold an aggregate of 10,398,700 units of its securities to 82 accredited investors, 27 of which are unduplicated, in
a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) and Rule
506(b) of Regulation D resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of 5,199,350. Each unit, which was sold at a purchase price of 0.50,
consisted of one share of common stock and one five-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.75
per share. Spartan Capital Securities, LLC Spartan Capital served as placement agent for the Company in this offering.
As compensation for its services, Spartan Capital withheld 1,621,653 of certain fees. These include direct offering commissions of 1,179,653
which are included as an adjustment to Additional Paid-in-Capital, 165,000 of finders fees related to Oceanside acquisition and other
fees totaling 277,000, of which 250,000 is included in prepaid and other current assets, and the remaining 27,000 were recorded as
expense. In addition, the Company issued Spartan Capital Placement Agents Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,039,870 shares of our
common stock at an exercise price of 1.00 per share. 

F- 34 

During
2019, the Company sold an aggregate of 163,750 units of its securities to 1 accredited investor in a private placement exempt from registration
under the Securities Act in reliance on exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D resulting in gross proceeds
to the Company of 58,950. Each unit, which was sold at a purchase price of 0.40, consisted of one share of common stock and one five-year
warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.65 per share. Spartan Capital served as placement agent for
the Company in this offering. As compensation for its services, the Company paid Spartan Capital commissions and other fees totaling
 6,550 and issued Spartan Capital Placement Agents Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 16,375 shares of our common stock, including
the cash commission and Placement Agent Warrants issued pursuant to the final closing on January 9, 2019 included in the Company s
consolidated statement of changes in shareholders equity for the year ended December 31, 2019 

During
2019, the Company sold an aggregate of 2,570,860 units of its securities to 20 accredited investors in two private placements exempt
from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D resulting
in gross proceeds to the Company of 1,285,530. A total of 1,270,000 units were sold under the first private placement dated February
14, 2019 at a purchase price of 0.50 per share resulting in gross proceeds of 635,000. Each unit was sold at a purchase price of 0.50
and consisted of one share of common stock and one five-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.75
per share. On April 22, 2019, the Company amended the private placement to include a second warrant to purchase one share of common stock
at an exercise price of 1.00 per share. 970,500 units were sold at a purchase price of 0.50 per unit resulting in gross proceeds of
 485,250. We used 1,008,225 of the proceeds to issue 6 promissory notes to Inform, Inc as a part of the potential acquisition. On July
15, 2019, these two offerings were terminated and replaced with a private placement offering units at a purchase price of 0.50 consisting
of one share of common stock, one five-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.75 per share, and
a second warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 1.00 per share. A total of 330,360 units were sold under
the private placement dated July 15, 2019 units at a purchase price of 0.50 per share resulting in gross proceeds of 165,280. We used
 148,662 of the proceeds to issue 6 promissory notes to Inform, Inc as a part of the potential acquisition. The investors in the first
offering dated February 14, 2019 were required to subscribe for the second warrant offered in the April 22, 2019 amendment in a private
placement dated July 11, 2019 which terminated on July 31, 2019 with no ability to extend. A total of 980,000 warrants were issued to
eleven investors in the first private placement who subscribed for the second warrant. Three investors did not subscribe for the second
warrant. 

During
2019, the Company sold an aggregate of 750,000 units of its securities to 3 accredited investors in a private placement exempt from registration
under the Securities Act in reliance on exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D resulting in gross proceeds
to the Company of 300,000. Each unit, which was sold at a purchase price of 0.40, consisted of one share of common stock and one five-year
warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.65 per share. 

Stock
issued for services 

During
the year ended 2019, the Company issued an aggregate 90,215 shares of our common stock to consultants for services rendered based on
the fair value of the date of grant, which range from 1.00 to 1.79 a share for an aggregate value of 141,185. 

During
the year ended 2020, the Company issued an aggregate 2,609,160 shares of our common stock to consultants for services rendered based
on the fair value of the date of grant, which range from 1.49 to 1.90 a share for an aggregate value of 4,332,623. 

During
2020, Spartan Capital notified Bright Mountain of a cashless exercise of 1,852,003 warrants which had previously been awarded as compensation
for facilitating private placement offerings. A total of 1,464,691 shares were issued as follows: 1,295,806 shares at 4.00 and 168,885
shares at 4.37, for an aggregate value of 5,921,251. 

During
2020, two Spartan Capital employees, who had previously been assigned warrants according to Spartan Capital s internal incentive
compensation program, notified Bright Mountain of a cashless exercise 175,000 warrants. A total of 146,563 shares were issued at a 4.00
share price, for an aggregate value of 586,252 

During
2020, a former employee exercised 50,000 stock options for 6,950. A current employee exercised 80,000 stock options for 11,112. 

F- 35 

NOTE
16 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 

Stock
Options Plans 

On
April 20, 2011, the Company s board of directors and majority stockholder adopted the 2011 Stock Option Plan (the 2011 Plan ),
to be effective on January 3, 2011. The Company has reserved for issuance an aggregate of 900,000 shares of common stock under the 2011
Plan. The maximum aggregate number of shares of Company stock that shall be subject to Grants made under the Plan to any individual during
any calendar year shall be 180,000 shares. On April 1, 2013, the Company s board of directors and majority stockholder adopted
the 2013 Stock Option Plan (the 2013 Plan ), to be effective on April 1, 2013. The Company has reserved for issuance an
aggregate of 900,000 shares of common stock under the 2013 Plan. 

On
May 22, 2015, the Company s board of directors and majority stockholder adopted the 2015 Stock Option Plan (the 2015 Plan ),
to be effective on May 22, 2015. The Company has reserved for issuance an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of common stock under the 2015
Plan. 

On
November 7, 2019, the Company s board of directors and majority stockholder adopted the 2019 Stock Option Plan (the 2019
Plan ), to be effective on November 7, 2019. The Company has reserved for issuance an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of common stock
under the 2019 Plan. 

As
of December 31, 2020, 337,000 shares, 467,000 shares, 859,000 shares and 4,761,773 shares were remaining for future issuance under the
2011 Plan, 2013 Plan, 2015 Plan and 2019 Plan, respectively. 

The
purpose of the 2011 Plan, 2013 Plan, 2015 Plan, and 2019 Plan (together, the Plans are to provide an incentive to attract
and retain directors, officers, consultants, advisors and employees whose services are considered valuable, to encourage a sense of proprietorship
and to stimulate an active interest of such persons into our development and financial success. Under the 2015 Plan, the Company is authorized
to issue incentive stock options intended to qualify under Section 422 of the Code, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights,
performance shares, restricted stock and long-term incentive awards. The Company s board of directors will administer the 2011
Plan until such time as such authority has been delegated to a committee of the board of directors. The material terms of each option
granted pursuant to the 2011 Plan by the Company shall contain the following terms: (i) that the purchase price of each share purchasable
under an incentive option shall be determined by the Committee at the time of grant, (ii) the term of each option shall be fixed by the
Committee, but no option shall be exercisable more than 10 years after the date such option is granted and (iii) in the absence of any
option vesting periods designated by the Committee at the time of grant, options shall vest and become exercisable in terms and conditions,
consistent with the Plan, as may be determined by the Committee and specified in the Grant Instrument. 

Share-based
compensation is recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period.
Employee stock options granted under the plan generally vest ratably over a four-year period and expire on the tenth anniversary of their
issuance. Restricted Stock Awards RSAs granted under the plan generally vest [in four equal annual installments beginning
one year after the date of grant]. 

Stock
Options 

The
Company estimates the fair value of share-based compensation utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which is dependent upon
several variables such as the expected option term, expected volatility of our stock price over the expected option term, expected risk-free
interest rate over the expected option term, expected dividend yield rate over the expected option term, and an estimate of expected
forfeiture rates. 

F- 36 

The
following table summarizes the assumptions the Company utilized to record compensation expense for stock options granted during the years
ended December 31, 2020 and 2019: 

Assumptions: 
 2020 
 
 2019 

Expected term (years) 
 6.25 
 
 6.25 

Expected volatility 
 127 
 
 89 

Risk-free interest rate 
 0.31
 0.51 
 
 1.78
 1.99 

Dividend yield 
 0 
 
 0 

Expected forfeiture rate 
 0 
 
 0 

The
expected life is computed using the simplified method, which is the average of the vesting term and the contractual term. The expected
volatility is based on an average of similar public company s historical volatility, as the Company s common stock is quoted
in the over-the-counter market on the OTCQB Tier of the OTC Markets, Inc. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yields
with terms equivalent to the expected term of the related option at the time of the grant. 

Dividend
yield is based on historical trends. While the Company believes these estimates are reasonable, the compensation expense recorded would
increase if the expected life was increased, a higher expected volatility was used, or if the expected dividend yield increased. The
Company has elected to account for forfeitures as they occur. 

The
Company recorded 181,550 and 51,684 of stock option expense for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The stock
option expense for year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 has been recognized as a component of general and administrative expenses in
the accompanying consolidated financial statements. For the year ended December 31, 2020, there was no non-cash stock-based stock option
compensation expense and for the year ended December 31, 2019 non-cash stock-based stock option compensation expense was 141,884. 

As
of December 31, 2020, there were total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements of
 279,295 to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.76 years. 

A
summary of the Company s stock option activity during the year ended December 31, 2020 is presented below: 

Number
 of Options 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (in
 years) 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 
 
 Balance Outstanding, December 31, 2019 
 2,020,227 
 0.58 
 4.5 
 2,767,711 
 
 Granted 
 190,000 
 1.88 

Exercised 
 (130,000 
 0.13 

Forfeited 
 (705,000 

Expired 

Balance Outstanding, December 31, 2020 
 1,375,227 
 0.76 
 4.1 
 3,201,237 
 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2020 
 1,110,932 
 0.49 
 2.7 
 2,883,659 

F- 37 

Summarized
information with respect to options outstanding under the Plans at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, is as follows: 

Options
 Outstanding at December 31, 2020 
 Options
 Exercisable 
 
 Range
 or Exercise
 Price 
 Number Outstanding 
 Weighted
 Average Exercise
 Price 
 Remaining Contractual Life
 (In Years) 
 Number Exercisable 
 Weighted
 Average Exercise
 Price 
 
 0.14
 0.24 
 410,000 
 0.14 
 0.0 
 410,000 
 0.13 
 
 0.25
 0.49 
 126,000 
 0.28 
 1.7 
 126,000 
 0.28 
 
 0.50
 0.85 
 501,000 
 0.69 
 4.5 
 513,500 
 0.69 
 
 0.86
 1.74 
 138,227 
 1.64 
 8.9 
 36,432 
 1.64 
 
 1.75 
 100,000 
 1.75 
 8.5 
 25,000 
 1.75 
 
 2.10 
 100,000 
 2.10 
 0.0 

1,375,227 
 0.76 
 4.1 
 1,110,932 
 0.49 

Options
 Outstanding at December 31, 2019 
 Options
 Exercisable 
 
 Range
 or Exercise
 Price 
 Number Outstanding 
 Weighted
 Average Exercise
 Price 
 Remaining Contractual Life
 (In Years) 
 Number Exercisable 
 Weighted
 Average Exercise
 Price 
 
 0.14
 0.24 
 540,000 
 0.14 
 1.3 
 540,000 
 0.14 
 
 0.25
 0.49 
 351,000 
 0.28 
 3.2 
 351,000 
 0.28 
 
 0.50
 0.85 
 906,000 
 0.68 
 5.6 
 864,500 
 0.68 
 
 0.86
 1.74 
 123,227 
 0.94 
 5.4 

1.75 
 100,000 
 0.77 
 4.3 

2,020,227 
 0.58 
 4.5 
 1,755,500 
 0.43 

Restricted
Stock Awards 

The
Company recognized compensation expense for 130,081 RSAs granted to independent directors of the Company and former employees of MediaHouse
amounting to 405,943 for the year ended December 31, 2020. There was no compensation expense for RSAs for the year ended December 31,
2019. The restrictions on these share awards were for 1 year, hence they lapse in November and December 2021, respectively. 

Shares
held in escrow 

As
part of the Company s acquisition of the Oceanside (Note 4), the Company assumed the existing S W Option plan Israel
Sub Plan ). The Israel Sub Plan was cancelled the and the 26 individuals who were participants in the plan had their options under
the Israel Sub Plan converted into options to purchase stock of the Company, with their original vesting period. The grant date was determined
to be the acquisition date and the stock price on the acquisition date of 1.60 was determined to be the grant price. As of the acquisition
date, there were a total of 546,773 shares that will be issued between acquisition date and March 31, 2023. 

F- 38 

Warrants 

At
December 31, 2020, we had 35,848,316 common stock warrants outstanding to purchase shares of our common stock with an exercise price
ranging between 0.65 and 1.00 per share. A summary of the Company s warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively
is presented below: 

Warrants
 as of 
 December
 31, 2020 

Exercise
 Price 
 Number Outstanding 
 Warrant 
 Value 
 
 1.00 
 4,817,308 
 4,817,308 
 
 0.65 
 15,575,000 
 10,123,750 
 
 0.75 
 15,456,008 
 11,592,006 

35,848,316 
 26,533,064 

Warrants
 as of 
 December
 31, 2019 

Exercise
 Price 
 Number Outstanding 
 Warrant 
 Value 
 
 1.00 
 4,817,308 
 4,817,308 
 
 0.65 
 15,575,000 
 10,123,750 
 
 0.75 
 5,057,308 
 3,792,981 

25,449,616 
 18,734,039 

During
2020, a total of 2,027,003 warrants were exercised in a cashless transaction with exercise prices of 0.65 and 1.00 per share. 

F- 39 

NOTE
17 LOSS PER SHARE 

Basic
loss per share is calculated by dividing net loss for the year by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period.
In computing dilutive loss per share, basic loss per share is adjusted for the assumed issuance of all applicable potentially dilutive
share-based awards, including common stock options, convertible preferred stock and warrants. Because both periods reported a net loss,
dilution is not considered and basic loss per share equals diluted loss per share. 

The
following common stock equivalents have been excluded from the calculation as their effect is anti-dilutive: 

December
 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 (As
 restated) 
 
 Common stock equivalent from: 

Stock options 
 1,375,227 
 2,020,227 
 
 Warrants 
 35,848,316 
 25,449,618 
 
 Convertible preferred stock 
 8,044,017 
 8,044,017 
 
 Convertibles notes payable 
 200,000 
 200,000 

From
a dilutive perspective, existing cashless warrants, when converted, will result in a lower number of common shares. 

NOTE
18 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

As
discussed in Note 11, notes payable to the CEO amounted to 39,728 and 25,689 as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 respectively, and are
reported net of their unamortized debt discount of 40,272 and 54,311 as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. See Note 11 further
discussion on these notes payable. 

We
paid cash dividends on the outstanding shares of the Company s Series E and F Preferred Stock amounting to 54,922 and 180,931
to the CEO in 2020 and 2019, respectively, and 5,100 and 5,100 to Mr. Richard Rogers, a former member of the board of directors, in
2020 and 2019, respectively. 

NOTE
19 INCOME TAXES 

The
Company is subject to federal and various state income taxes in the U.S. as well as income taxes in various foreign jurisdictions. Tax
regulations within each jurisdiction are subject to the interpretation of the related tax laws and regulations. 

On
March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES was signed into law and it amended some
of the tax provisions introduced by the Tax Cuts and JOBS Act previously enacted on December 22, 2017. Specifically, the CARES
Act temporarily relaxed the business interest limitation for tax years 2019 and 2020, and temporarily eliminated the 80 taxable income
limitation for net operating loss deductions and provided a five-year carryback for net operating losses generated in tax years 2018,
2019, and 2020. On December 27, 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations Act CAA was signed into law and largely extended
and expanded many of the provisions introduced by the CARES Act, and also included extensions for expiring tax deductions, credits, and
incentives that were scheduled to expire on December 31, 2020. The tax effects of the various provisions from the CARES Act and the CAA
have been accounted for, however, neither tax law change had a material impact to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 40 

The
Company s loss before income taxes from continuing operations consists of the following: 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

(As Restated) 
 
 United States 
 (53,116,100 
 (7,108,543 
 
 Foreign 
 (20,165,836 
 (1,313,560 
 
 Total loss before provision for income
 taxes 
 (73,281,936 
 (8,422,103 

The
provision for income taxes consists of the following: 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

(As Restated) 
 
 Deferred 

Federal 
 (192,561 
 (3,483,942 
 
 State 
 (55,017 
 (720,844 
 
 Foreign 
 (319,936 
 (179,360 

(567,514 
 (4,384,146 

Discontinued Operations 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Total 

F- 41 

A
reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to the effective tax rate is as follows: 

2020 
 2019 

Amount 
 Rate 
 Amount 
 Rate 

(As Restated) 
 
 Federal tax expense (benefit) at the statutory
 rate from continuing operations 
 (15,389,206 
 21.00 
 (1,768,642 
 21.00 
 
 State tax benefit, net of federal income tax benefit 
 (1,436,416 
 1.96 
 (236,344 
 2.81 
 
 Effect of foreign taxes 
 1,007,969 
 (1.38 
 65,678 
 (0.78 
 
 Transaction costs 
 271,423 
 (0.37 
 234,646 
 (2.79 
 
 Impairment 
 7,929,074 
 (10.82 

Stock compensation 
 113,862 
 (0.16 
 42,894 
 (0.51 
 
 Other permanent differences 
 (138,526 
 0.19 
 103,783 
 (1.23 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 7,074,306 
 (9.65 
 (2,826,161 
 33.56 
 
 Total tax provision (benefit) 
 (567,514 
 0.77 
 (4,384,146 
 52.06 

Federal tax expense (benefit) at the statutory rate from discontinued
 operations 

(28,714 
 (21.00 
 
 State tax benefit, net of federal income tax benefit 

13,981 
 10.23 

Change in valuation allowance 

14,733 
 10.77 
 
 Total - discontinued operations 

Total 

(3,340,629 
 (39.82 

The
goodwill and intangible impairments recorded during the year ended December 31, 2020 (see Notes 9 and 10) are non-deductible for tax
purposes. As the Company does not have significant tax basis in the impaired goodwill, in accordance with ASC 740, there was historically
no deferred taxes recorded for the goodwill basis difference, therefore, the goodwill impairment charge results in a permanent difference
and a reconciling item for our effective tax rate for the year. 

The
tax effect of significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2020 and 2019, are as
follows: 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

(As Restated) 
 
 Deferred tax assets: 

Net operating loss carryforward 
 11,329,880 
 5,128,865 
 
 Other 
 417,728 
 165,540 
 
 Total gross deferred tax assets 
 11,747,608 
 5,294,405 
 
 Less: Deferred tax asset valuation
 allowance 
 (11,579,703 
 (917,456 
 
 Total net deferred tax assets 
 167,905 
 4,376,949 

Property and equipment 
 (24,238 
 71,977 
 
 Intangible assets 
 (143,667 
 (4,624,908 
 
 Net deferred tax liability 
 
 (319,936 

F- 42 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of 39.5 million that expire at various dates from
2030 through 2037, and include 29.2 million that have an unlimited carryforward period. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had state
and local net operating loss carryforwards of 57.4 million that expire at various dates from 2030 through 2040, and includes
 22.9 million that have an unlimited carryforward period. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had foreign net operating loss carryforwards
of 3.8 million, primarily in Israel that have an unlimited carryforward period. 

The
utilization of the Company s net operating losses may be subject to a U.S. federal limitation due to the change in ownership
provisions under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and other similar limitations in various state jurisdictions. Such limitations
may result in the expiration of net operating loss carryforwards before their utilization. The Company has not completed a study to assess
whether an ownership change as defined in Section 382 has occurred or whether there have been multiple ownership changes
since the Company s inception. Future changes in the Company s stock ownership, which may be outside of the Company s
control, may trigger an ownership change. In addition, future equity offerings or acquisitions that have equity as a component
of the purchase price could result in an ownership change. 

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal
of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Because of the historical
earnings history of the Company and its foreign subsidiaries, the net deferred tax assets less deferred tax liabilities for 2020 were
fully offset by the deferred tax liability and a valuation allowance on the remaining balance. Based on all available evidence, management
determined that is it more likely than not that the Company s net deferred tax assets will not be realized. The change in the valuation
allowance was an increase of approximately 10.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily as a result of the current
year tax loss and the acquisition of Wild Sky. 

During
2020, the Company completed the acquisitions of Wild Sky, see Note 4. In connection with the acquisition of Wild Sky, the Company recorded
additional net deferred tax assets of 3.3 million primarily related to estimated NOLs incurred by Wild Sky Media prior to the acquisition.
In addition, a valuation allowance of 3.6 million was recorded against Wild Sky Media s deferred tax assets due to limitations
on the ability to utilize their NOLs stemming the timing of the reversals of the deferred tax liabilities from the intangibles. The net
impact of the above adjustments, which totaled a net DTL of 0.2 million was recorded as an adjustment to goodwill in acquisition accounting. 

Also,
in connection with the acquisition, as a result of the net deferred tax liability from Wild Sky, the Company was able to release a portion
of its historical valuation allowance in the amount by the same amount as the Wild Sky Media net deferred tax liability. The release
of the valuation allowance was recorded as a benefit in the tax provision for the year ending December 31, 2020. 

During
2019, the Company completed the acquisitions of Oceanside and MediaHouse, see Note 4. In each acquisition, the Company recognized acquired
intangible assets and, in accordance with ASC 740, resulted in the recognition of deferred tax liabilities associated with these intangible
assets. As a result of the acquisition of MediaHouse, the Company reduced its historical federal and state valuation allowance by approximately
 3.2 million, which was recorded as a tax benefit in the Company s income statement. 

The
calculation of the Company s tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations
for both federal taxes and the many states in which it operates or does business in. A tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may
be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related
appeals or litigation, on the basis of the technical merits. 

F- 43 

The
Company records tax positions as liabilities and adjusts these liabilities when its judgement changes as a result of the evaluation of
new information not previously available. Because of the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result
in a payment that is materially different from the Company s current estimate of the recognized tax benefit liabilities. These
differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is available. As
of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company has not recorded any liabilities for uncertain tax positions in its consolidated financial
statements. 

The
Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2020
and 2019, no accrued interest or penalties are recorded on the balance sheet, and the Company has not recorded any related expenses. 

The
Company files tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. In the normal course of business,
the Company is subject to examinations by federal, foreign, and state and local jurisdictions, where applicable. There are currently
no pending tax examinations. The Company s tax years are still open under statute from 2017 to the present in the U.S. and from
2019 to present in the Company s foreign operations. To the extent the Company has tax attribute carryforwards, the tax years in
which the attribute was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service and state and local tax authorities
to the extent utilized in a future period. 

NOTE
20 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

As
disclosed in Note 12, on January 22, 2021, the Company applied for the Wild Sky PPP Loan to be forgiven by the SBA in whole or in part
and on March 29, 2021, the Company obtained the forgiveness of the Wild Sky PPP Loan in whole. Further, on May 26, 2021, the Company
applied for the Bright Mountain PPP Loan to be forgiven by the SBA in whole or in part and on July 16, 2021, the Company obtained the
forgiveness of the Bright Mountain PPP Loan in whole. 

On
April 26, 2021, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a First Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit
Agreement (the First Amendment to Credit Agreement ). The Company and its subsidiaries are parties to a credit agreement
between itself and Centre Lane Partners Master Credit Fund II, L.P. Center Lane Partners as Administrative Agent and
Collateral Agent dated June 5, 2020 (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement was amended to permit the Company to raise
up to 6,000,000 of total cash proceeds from the sale of its preferred stock prior to December 31, 2021 without having to make a mandatory
prepayment of the loans (the Loans under the Credit Agreement. The interest rate on the Loans after April 26, 2021 was
increased to 10.00 per annum from 6.00 , which can continue to be paid in-kind in lieu of cash payment. The Credit Agreement was further
amended to permit the Company to provide audited financial statements for the year ended December 31,2020 on or before June 14, 2021.
In addition, the Company may issue up to 800,000 in dividends from the previous limit of 500,000 per annum. 

During
May 2021, the Company settled an outstanding debt with Encoding.com, Inc. Encoding was a former digital media customer
of MediaHouse. Encoding had a long overdue outstanding receivable from MediaHouse s predecessor company, Inform, Inc. MediaHouse
did not assume the liability at acquisition. In 2020, the Company and Encoding agreed to settle the overdue receivable through the issuance
of 175,000 warrants to purchase Company stock with a 1.00 exercise price. This is recorded as an accrued liability as of December 31,
2020 and the warrants were issued in May of 2021. 

F- 44 

Between
May 26, 2021 and November 5, 2021, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into five amendments to the Amended and Restated
Senior Secured Credit Agreement between itself and Centre Lane Partners Master Credit Fund II, L.P. Centre Lane Partners ).
The Company and its subsidiaries are parties to a credit agreement between itself and Centre Lane Partners as Administrative Agent and
Collateral Agent dated June 5, 2020, as amended (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement was amended to provide for
an additional loan amount of 4.625 million, in the aggregate. This term loan shall be repaid by February 15, 2022. In addition, and
as part of the transaction, there is an Exit Fee the Exit Fee totaling 2.712 million which will be added and capitalized
to the principal amount of the original loan and the original loan terms apply. In addition, the Company has issued 12.5 million common
shares to Centre Lane Partners as part of these transactions. 

On
June 28, 2021 Bright Mountain Media, Inc (the Company issued a press release that effective at the close of business on
June 30, 2021, Bright Mountain Media, Inc s., common stock BMTM ceased trading on the OTCQB and its shares began
trading on the OTC Pink Market on July 1, 2021. The common stock will continue to trade with the symbol BMTM. Furthermore, on September
28, 2021, Bright Mountain Media, Inc. shares of common stock began trading on the Expert Market from the OTC Pink Sheets. The Company s
Common Stock will continue to be on the Expert Market until such time as the Company has become current in its filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission at which point it will seek to have its shares restored to the OTC markets. 

On
August 31, 2021, the Company s Chairman of the Board, W. Kip Speyer, converted his preferred shares into common shares of the Company.
In that transaction, he converted 7,919,017 preferred shares into 7,919,017 common shares of the Company. As of said date, the Company
has an accrued dividend liability due to Mr. W. Kip Speyer recorded totaling 695,773. 

On
September 22, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Issuance Settlement with Spartan Capital Securities, LLC Spartan ).
Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company agreed to issue a total of 10,398,700 of its common stock (the Shares to
seventy-five accredited investors who participated in the Company s Private Placement Offering, which began in November 2019 and
was completed in August 2020 (the Private Placement ). As previously disclosed, under the terms of Private Placement, if
the Company did not file a listing application of its common stock on the NYSE American Exchange within an agreed time period after the
Company had received at least 1,500,000 of net proceeds, contemplated by the Placement Agent Agreement (the Listing Application
Deadline and obtained listing approval from the NYSE American within a 120 days from the Listing Application Deadline the Company
would issue to each Investor in such Offering an additional share of common stock provided that if the Listing was not obtained by Listing
Approval Deadline, the Listing Approval Deadline would be extended for so long and to the extent that the Company could demonstrate to
Spartan s reasonable satisfaction that it has used and continuing to use good faith efforts to obtain Listing Approval. The Company
believes it has acted in good faith, but in order to avoid protracted and expensive litigation as to whether the Company was obligated
to issue the Shares to the private placement investors, and without admitting or denying that the Company had any such obligation, the
Company has agreed to issue the Shares to the private placement investors as set forth above. 

Effective
December 1, 2021, the Company appointed Mr. Matthew Drinkwater as its new Chief Executive Officer (CEO). Mr. Drinkwater joins the Company
with an extensive track record of adding value to the Company s he has worked for over his professional career in several Key Senior
Executive and Sales roles at companies such as Buzzfeed, Twitter, Groupon Inc., Yahoo and America Online (AOL). Mr. W. Kip Speyer will
remain with the Company in his role of Chairman of the Board and transition his CEO role to Mr. Drinkwater. 

On or about December 1, 2021,
there was an understanding reached in principle related to a legal proceeding between Synacor and MediaHouse, subject to finalization
and execution of a definitive agreement. 

On
December 3, 2021, the Company received formal notification that an event of default had occurred under the Closing Notes as part of the
Oceanside acquisition. The Company is reviewing its obligations under the Notes. 

F- 45 

NOTE
21 QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (unaudited) (as restated) 

The
Company has restated the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated quarterly financial information in accordance with the requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and U.S. GAAP for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and
Article 8 of Regulation S-X. The condensed consolidated quarterly financial information includes all adjustments, consisting only of
normal, recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position of the Company and the results of its operations
and its cash flows. The condensed consolidated quarterly financial information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements and notes included in this Form 10-K as well as previously filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q relating to accounts and disclosures
not subject to these restatements. 

The
Restatements Items reflect adjustments to correct errors for several financial statements captions on the Company s balance sheet,
statements of operations, statements of changes in stockholders equity and statements of cash flows, in connection with accounting for
the Company s acquisitions. In addition, we are correcting other errors identified related to accrued dividends, penalty fees for
late registration with the SEC and a prepaid investor relations consulting agreement. The nature and impact of these adjustments are
described below and also detailed in the tables included below. 

For
discussion of the impact of restatement items in the annual period ended December 31, 2020, refer to Note 2. 

Restatement
Items 

a. 
 Finder s
 Fee accrual The Company maintains a Finder s Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities LLC Spartan Capital to identify and assist in business combinations, including any merger, acquisition or sale of stock or assets in connection with
 a merger or acquisition of other businesses. Upon closing of any such transaction, the Company shall pay an agreed fee relative to
 the consideration paid or received by the Company (the finder s fee ). There were two errors: i) the Company incorrectly
 used 3 instead of 5 to calculate the final finders fee; and ii) the Company determined that the consideration amount for
 the acquisition of MediaHouse was overstated and affected the finders fee calculation (refer to c below). 

In
 addition, the Company incorrectly calculated the amount of shares to be issued to Spartan Capital as finder s fees in connection
 with the Company s acquisitions Slutzky Winshman Ltd. (which later changed its name to Oceanside Media LLC) Oceanside and News Distribution Network, Inc. d/b/a MediaHouse MediaHouse during the third and fourth quarters of 2019, respectively,
 and the acquisition of CL Media Holdings (known as Wild Sky Media) Wild Sky in the second quarter of 2020. 

The
 result of the correction as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2019 related to the Oceanside acquisition
 was that accrued expenses were decreased by 4,656 with a corresponding decrease in operating expenses. Accrued expenses and accumulated
 deficit were also corrected in the respective quarters ended March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, and September 30, 2020. 

The
 result of the correction as of and for three and six months ended June 30, 2020, related to the Wild Sky acquisition was that
 upon acquisition closing, accrued expenses were increased by 909,954 with a corresponding increase in operating expenses. Accrued
 expenses and accumulated deficit were also corrected in the quarter ended September 30, 2020. 

The
 result of the correction for the year ended December 31, 2019, related to the MediaHouse acquisition was that upon acquisition closing,
 accrued expense liability was increased by 1,007,921 with a corresponding increase in operating expenses. Accrued expense
 liability and accumulated deficit were also corrected in the respective quarters ended March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, and September
 30, 2020. 

b. 
 Common
 Stock issued in Oceanside acquisition In connection with the Oceanside acquisition in August 2019, the Company issued
 an incorrect number of shares of Company common stock as consideration as it used a preliminary purchase price. Upon management s
 re-evaluation of the purchase price, the number of shares issued in connection with the Oceanside acquisition increased by 382,428
 resulting in a correction and increase in goodwill, common stock, and additional paid-in capital in the amounts of 611,885, 3,824,
 and 608,058, respectively, at September 30, 2019. 

F- 46 

c. 
 Common
 Stock issued in MediaHouse acquisition Upon re-evaluation of the final MediaHouse acquisition agreement, the Company
 noted the following corrections: 

There
 was a miscalculation of the fair value of the warrants to be issued as part of consideration in the amount of 3,829,889 due to the
 conversion of bridge loan and open lines of credit, as well as a valuation adjustment. Further, the change in intangible assets valuation
 was mainly driven by the use of a more updated forecast that was lower than the original forecast utilized along with an increase
 in the Company s state effective rate used to record deferred tax assets and liabilities resulted in an increase to the deferred
 tax liability of 836,363 which was fully offset by an adjustment to the tax provision to adjust the Company s valuation allowance.
 The decrease of the valuation allowance was recorded as a benefit in the tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

Additionally,
 in connection with the MediaHouse acquisition in November 2019, the Company issued shares of Company common stock to certain of MediaHouse s
 investors as part of the consideration paid. During September 2020, the Company determined that one investor had been issued an incorrect
 number of shares as the result of a transposition mistake; the investor should have been issued 840,000 shares but was incorrectly
 issued 480,000 shares. This error resulted in a shortfall of shares of 360,000 valued at 590,400. In addition, another investor
 was not issued his shares in a timely manner amounting to 19,029 shares of the Company s common stock valued at 31,208. 

Upon
 management s re-evaluation of the MediaHouse acquisition and the number of shares issued as consideration, the number of shares
 increased by 379,029 resulting in a correction and increase in Goodwill of 621,608, increase to Common stock of 3,790 and an
 increase to Additional paid in capital of 617,818 at December 31, 2019. 

The
 reduction in the warrant valuation and equity corrections resulted in a reduction in consideration of 3,208,282). The components
 in the change in consideration were: (1) reduction
 in warrant valuation of 3,829,889 and an increase in goodwill for two (2) investor equity corrections adding 621,608. 

d. 
 Goodwill
 and intangible assets impact of additional share issuance and correction, respectably, of MediaHouse and Oceanside acquisitions 
 In connection with the re-evaluation of the Oceanside and MediaHouse acquisitions described in letters b and c 
 above, the Company also re-evaluated the impairment charge it had recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020
 (see Note 10). As a result of this re-evaluation, the impairment charge was increased by 4,769,472 for the three and nine months
 ended September 30, 2020. The net increase was comprised of an increase in impairment charge of 4,935,356 related to intangible
 assets and a decrease in impairment charge of 165,884 related to Goodwill. 

e. 
 Share-based
 compensation from Oceanside acquisition As part of the Oceanside acquisition, the Company assumed a local employee and
 contractor option plan and converted it to the Company s existing equity compensation plan utilizing the existing vesting dates
 at the time of the acquisition. The option holders were two (2) classes of individuals: (1) employees and (2) contractors. The pre-acquisition
 Oceanside options ceased to exist as of the acquisition date and all outstanding and unvested options for these two groups were converted
 using the agreed exchange ratio. In re-evaluating the transaction as part of the errors noted above, management concluded the Company
 did not record stock compensation expense for the local employees and contractors since the acquisition. 

The
 result of the correction of the adjustment was an increase to share-based compensation and accrued expenses as follows: 36,355 as
 of September 30, 2019, 98,261 as of March 31, 2020, 189,795 as of June 30, 2020, and 277,950 as of September
 30, 2020, respectively. 

f. 
 Penalty
 accrual for untimely registration statement filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC During
 fiscal years 2018 and 2019, the Company sold units of its securities to various investors in several private placements. As part
 of each private placement, the Company agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC to register the resale of the shares
 by the respective holder in order to permit the public resale; such filing deadlines ranged from 120 to 270 days following the closing
 date of the respective placement and the Company was liable to pay a penalty fee for failure to file the resale registration statement
 within the allotted timeframe. The penalty fee is payable in cash and is equal to 2 of the aggregate purchase price paid by the
 respective investor for each 30 days until the earlier of the date the deficiency was cured or the expiration of 6 months from filing
 deadline. 

F- 47 

The
 Company did not timely file the resale registration statements pertaining to three private placements made in fiscal years 2018 and
 2019 and as a result was liable for penalties beginning in the fourth quarter of 2019 on the first two placements and the third quarter
 of 2020 on the third placement. These penalty fees were not properly recorded as an expense with an offset to accrued liability in
 their respective accounting period. 

The correction resulted in an increase in accrued liability
of 109,200 as of December 31, 2019 with a corresponding offset to selling, general and administrative expenses for the year
ended December 31, 2019 and which remains as a liability as of March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, and September 30, 2020 for the
first two placements, and an increase of selling, general and administrative expenses and corresponding accrued liability in the additional
amount of 76,856 as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020, relating to the third placement. As of
September 30, 2020, the accumulated liability totaled 186,056. 

g. 
 Preferred
 stock dividends Between August 2, 2019, and December 23, 2019, a related party purchased an aggregate of 1,200,000 shares
 of Series A-1 Preferred Stock at a purchase price of 0.50 per share. Series A-1 Preferred Stock pays dividends at the rate of 10 
 per annum; dividends are cumulative and payable in cash monthly in arrears within fifteen (15) days after the end of the month. (See
 Note 14). It was subsequently determined that the 2020 dividends on these shares were calculated incorrectly due to a mathematical
 error in the computation and were incorrectly reported. 

The correction resulted
in a reduction of accrued dividends payable and an increase in additional paid-in capital amounting to 29,119 as of March 31,
2020, 88,157 as of June 30, 2020, and 177,330 as of September 30, 2020. 

h. 
 Common
 stock issued for investor relations agreement The Company entered into an investor relations consulting agreement with
 MZ Group MZ in January 2020 for a period of 12 months. As part of compensation for these services, the Company agreed
 to issue 60,000 shares of Company common stock to MZ at 1.50 per share in May 2020 totaling 90,000 and recorded it during March
 2020 and failed to properly record a prepaid expense and a corresponding accrued expense for share issuance liability in the amount
 of 114,000, using a 1.90 per share price from January 2020 when the contract was signed. Consequently, the Company failed to i)
 record the share issuance that ultimately occurred in May 2020 and ii) amortize the prepaid expense monthly over the 12-month term
 of the contract. 

The correction of this
error as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2020, resulted in the following adjustments: accrued expenses increased by
 114,000, additional paid-in capital decreased by 89,400, common stock decreased by 600, prepaid expenses and other current
assets increased by 85,500, and selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 61,500. The correction of this error as
of and for the three months ended June 30, 2020, resulted in the following adjustments: accrued expenses decreased by 114,000, additional
paid-in capital increased by 113,400, common stock increased by 600, prepaid expenses and other current assets decreased by 28,500,
selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 28,500. The correction of this error as of and for the three months
ended September 30, 2020, resulted in the following adjustments: prepaid expenses and other current assets decreased by 28,500, selling,
general and administrative expenses increased by 28,500. For the six months ended June 30, 2020, the adjustment was 57,000 and for
the nine months ended September 30, 2020, the adjustment was 85,500. 

i. 
 M A
 Advisory Fee During November 2019, the Company signed a placement agent agreement with Spartan Capital to raise funds
 for funding of the Company. Earlier, during July 2019, the Company signed an M A advisory agreement that had a 250,000 fee that
 contemplated the provision of consulting services related to potential M A transactions, including, but not limited to valuations,
 transaction terms and structures, evaluation and due diligence of candidate business, and other. The 250,000 fee would be deducted
 from the private placement closings once a minimum of 1.5 million of net funds were received by the Company. This agreement became
 effective as of the closing date of the sale of units in the private placement resulting in net proceeds to the Company of at least
 1.5 million and had a duration of 60 months. By the 3rd closing of the private placement during March 2020, the Company realized
 the minimum net proceeds requirement of 1.5 million and the 250,000 fee was deducted from the net proceeds to the Company. In accounting
 for this transaction, the Company did not correctly capitalize the 250,000 fee as a prepaid asset in March 2020, when it became
 probable that the amount would be owed, subject to amortization over the remaining contractual term of 43 months. 

F- 48 

The
 correction of this error resulted in an increase to prepaid expenses of 250,000 as of March
 31, 2020, and a corresponding decrease in other expense for the three months ended March
 31, 2020. In addition, the correction of this error resulted in an increase in other expenses
 and corresponding decrease in prepaid expenses for the amortization of 5,814, 17,442, and
 17,442 for the three months ended March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, and September 30, 2020,
 respectively. The cumulative effect of this correction resulted in an increase in other expenses
 and a corresponding decrease in prepaid expenses of 5,814, 23,256 and 40,698 as of March
 31, 2020, as of June 30, 2020, and as of September 30, 2020, respectively. 

j. 
 Other
 Adjustments In addition, the Company has corrected other adjustments. While some of these other adjustments may be quantitatively
 immaterial, individually and in the aggregate, because the Company is correcting for the material errors above, management has decided
 to correct these other adjustments as well Other Adjustments ): 

Due to utilization of
more updated forecasts, quarterly amortization expense on intangible assets (trademarks, customer lists, IP technology and non-compete
agreements) decreased by 24,423 in the three months ended March 31, 2020, decreased 6,348 in the three months ended June
30, 2020, and increased 29,802 in the three months ended September 30, 2020, to reflect the changes in the intangible assets
valuation. For the six months ended June 30, 2020, the amortization expense decreased 30,771 and for the nine months ended September
30, 2020, the amortization expense decreased 969. 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses and accrued liabilities decreased by 87,670 as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2020,
 to correct an error relating to previously recorded professional services provided to Oceanside during 2019. 

Audit
 related items: 

Audit
 adjustments 

Elimination
 entry corrections 

Accounts
 receivable, net adjustment and/or reclasses 

Accounts
 payable adjustments and/or reclasses 

Accrued
 expenses adjustments and/or reclasses 

k. 
 Tax
 effect The Company assessed the tax impact of the above restatement items, including any impact to deferred tax asset
 and liabilities. The Company determined that the impact of the changes for the finder s fees (a), goodwill (d), share-based
 compensation (e), penalty accrual (f), preferred dividends (g) and common stock issued for investor relations agreement would be
 permanent book/tax differences, therefore had no impact on the income tax provision or any tax assets and liabilities, current or
 deferred. Tax effect of the other adjustments is discussed below. 

As
of March 31, 2020: 

The
deferred tax liability balance decreased by 24,711 and income tax benefit increased by the same amount for the three months ended March
31, 2020, as a result of correcting an error in the calculation of Oceanside s net deferred tax liability, which was originally
recorded in Q3 2020 as an out of period adjustment, along with changes to the deferred tax liability stemming from the changes in the
amortization of the Oceanside intangibles. 

As
of June 30, 2020: 

Goodwill
increased by 140,321, deferred tax liability decreased by 35,846 and income tax benefit increased by 176,167 for the three months
ended June 30, 2020, as a result of the following: 

The
 140,321 goodwill adjustment related to a true-up to the Wild Sky acquisition recorded originally in Q3 2020 from the estimate included
in the original Q2 2020 financials. The offset of the change in the deferred tax liability recorded through goodwill for Wild Sky was
a change in the valuation allowance at the Company. The 140,321 change in valuation allowance at the Company level is recorded through
the profit and loss and is part of the 176,167 change. 

F- 49 

An
additional 11,136 (out of the 78,048) change in the tax provision relates to reversing a deferred tax liability related to indefinite
lived asset from Wild Sky that was recorded in error originally in Q2 2020 as it was originally determined that Wild Sky would have tax
amortizable goodwill but with the Wild Sky acquisition accounting adjustments noted above it was determined the deferred tax liability
originally recorded in Q2 2020 should be reversed. 

The
remaining 24,710 (out of the 176,167) relates to the same issue as described above for the Q1 2020 adjustment. The offset was a decrease
to the deferred tax liability balance. 

As
of September 30, 2020: 

Goodwill
decreased by 26,347, deferred tax liability increased by 38,848 and income tax benefit decreased by 65,194 for the three months ended
September 30, 2020, as a result of the following: 

The
 26,347 adjustment to goodwill was to reverse the true-up that was originally recorded in Q3 2020 that was pushed back to Q2 2020. The
corresponding offset was to decrease the income tax benefit. 

97,690
of the tax provision adjustment relates to reversing the two 40,565 true-ups that were originally booked in Q3 2020 but were pushed
back to Q1 and Q2 2020, along with changes to the deferred tax liability stemming from the changes in the amortization of the Oceanside
intangibles. 

There
is a 58,843 increase to the tax benefit and offsetting decrease to the deferred tax liability to record the impact of the Oceanside
impairment. The effect of this adjustment was to reduce Oceanside s remaining deferred tax liability to 0. Subsequent to the impairment,
the Oceanside operations were in a net deferred tax asset position which was offset with a valuation allowance. 

l. 
 Closing
 notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition As part of the acquisition, the treatment of the Closing notes
 totaling 750,000 was incorrectly recorded and per ASC 805-30-55 was determined to be compensation expense to be recognized
 ratably over the 24-month term of the Notes. As such, starting in September 2019 and concluding in August 2021, 31,250 per month
 will be charged to compensation expense and a corresponding accrued liability will be recorded until the full amount of the 750,000
 is reflected on the balance sheet. As of August 15, 2020, the Company did not make payment on the 1 st closing notes
 and thereby defaulted on its obligation and the 2 nd closing note accelerated to become payable as of August 15, 2020.
 Upon default, the closing notes accrue interest at a 1.5 per month rate, or 18 annual rate. As a result, there was an incremental
 total charge of 300,672 recorded during 2020 which was 250,000 of additional compensation expense and 50,672 of interest expense-related
 party. 

m. 
 Deferred
 revenue As part of the audit of 2019, it was determined that 156,529 of recorded revenue needed to be reclassified into
 deferred revenue as part of the review of FASB ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. For the restated quarters in 2020,
 this deferred revenue carries forward from the year end December 31, 2019 and has no statement of operations impact in the quarters
 ended March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020 nor September 30, 2020. 

n. 
 Reversal of gain on legal settlement 
 The Company determined that during Q3 2020, it recorded incorrectly a non-cash gain on a legal settlement that involved the repurchase
 of 550,117 Treasury shares of 935,408. The treatment was incorrect and did not follow the appropriate accounting guidance, ASC 505-30-25-2
 and the Company corrected for this error. The net effect on Shareholder s equity is neutral as the accumulated deficit increase
 was offset entirely by the decreased Treasury share value 

F- 50 

Restatement
of Previously Issued Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

The
following tables present the Restatement Items, as well as other adjustments, on the Company s unaudited interim condensed consolidated
financial statements as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2019: 

Balance
Sheet 

As
 of September 30, 2019 

As 
 Previously 
 Filed 
 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 As 
 Restated 
 Restatement 
 References 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 587,520 
 
 587,520 

Accounts receivable, net 
 3,576,299 
 
 3,576,299 

Note receivable, net 
 1,283,887 
 
 1,283,887 

Prepaid expenses and other current
 assets 
 612,377 
 
 612,377 

Current assets - discontinued operations 
 1,720 
 
 1,720 

Total Current Assets 
 6,061,803 
 - 
 6,061,803 

Property and equipment, net 
 80,465 
 
 80,465 

Website acquisition assets, net 
 65,293 
 
 65,293 

Intangible assets, net 
 4,305,097 
 (1,502,068 
 2,803,029 
 b, d 
 
 Goodwill 
 16,397,449 
 2,646,278 
 19,043,727 
 b, d, k 
 
 Prepaid services/consulting agreements
 - long term 
 930,002 
 
 930,002 

Right of use asset 
 447,915 
 
 447,915 

Other assets 
 76,002 
 
 76,002 

Total Assets 
 28,364,026 
 1,144,210 
 29,508,236 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 
 4,665,201 
 
 4,665,201 

Accrued expenses 
 1,920,507 
 62,949 
 1,983,456 
 a, e, l 
 
 Accrued interest to related party 
 4,160 
 
 4,160 

Premium finance loan payable 
 3,383 
 
 3,383 

Deferred revenues 
 - 
 
 - 

Long term debt, current portion 
 165,163 
 
 165,163 

Share Issuance Accrued Liability New 

- 

Other current liabilities 
 - 
 
 - 

Operating lease liability, net of current
 portion 
 189,669 
 
 189,669 

Current liabilities - discontinued
 operations 
 591 
 
 591 

Total Current Liabilities 
 6,948,674 
 62,949 
 7,011,623 

Long Term Debt to Related Parties,
 net 
 22,160 
 
 22,160 

Long term debt 
 - 
 
 - 

Deferred tax liability 
 - 
 491,059 
 491,059 
 k 
 
 Operating lease liability, net of current
 portion 
 258,246 
 
 258,246 

Total Liabilities 
 7,229,080 
 554,008 
 7,783,088 

Shareholders Equity 

Convertible preferred stock, par value
 0.01, 20,000,000 shares authorized, 

Series A-1, 2,000,000 shares designated,
 50,000 and outstanding at September 30, 2019 
 5,000 
 
 5,000 

Series B-1, 6,000,000 shares designated,
 no issued and outstanding at September 30, 2019 
 - 
 
 - 

Series E, 2,500,000 shares designated,
 issued and outstanding at September 30, 2019 
 25,000 
 
 25,000 

Series F, 4,344,017 shares designated,
 issued and outstanding at September 30, 2019 
 43,440 
 
 43,440 

Common stock, par value 0.01, 324,000,000
 shares authorized, - 78,152,118 shares issued outstanding at September 30, 2019 
 776,898 
 4,624 
 781,522 
 b 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 40,778,245 
 607,258 
 41,385,503 
 b 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (20,493,637 
 (21,681 
 (20,515,318 
 a, d, e, k, l 
 
 Treasury Stock 
 - 
 
 - 

Total shareholders equity 
 21,134,946 
 590,201 
 21,725,147 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 28,364,026 
 1,144,210 
 29,508,236 

As
of September 30, 2019 : 

a.
Finder s Fee 

 b.
Common Stock issued in Oceanside acquisition 

 d.
Goodwill and intangible assets impact of additional share issuance and correction, respectively, of MH and Oceanside acquisitions 

 e.
Share-based compensation from Oceanside acquisition 

 k.
Tax effect 

 l.
Closing notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition 

F- 51 

Income
Statement 

For
 the three months ended 
 September 30, 2019 
 For
 the nine months ended September 30, 2019 

As
 Previously Filed 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 As
 Restated 
 As
 Previously Filed 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 As
 Restated 
 Restatement 
 References 

Revenues 

Advertising 
 2,113,276 
 - 
 2,113,276 
 3,915,326 
 - 
 3,915,326 

Cost of revenue 

Advertising 
 1,432,922 
 - 
 1,432,922 
 2,874,076 
 - 
 2,874,076 

Gross profit 
 680,354 
 - 
 680,354 
 1,041,250 
 - 
 1,041,250 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 2,734,203 
 29,918 
 2,764,121 
 4,452,490 
 29,918 
 4,482,408 
 a, d, e, l 

Loss from operations 
 (2,053,849 
 (29,918 
 (2,083,767 
 (3,411,240 
 (29,918 
 (3,441,158 

Other income (expense) 

Interest (expense) income,net 
 16,234 
 
 16,234 
 37,281 
 
 37,281 

Gain on settlement of liability 
 - 
 
 - 
 122,500 
 
 122,500 

Impairment Expense 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Settlement of contingent consideration 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Other expense 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Interest expense 
 (6,993 
 
 (6,993 
 (7,902 
 
 (7,902 

Interest expense - related party 
 (5,574 
 
 (5,574 
 (17,289 
 
 (17,289 

Total other income (expense) 
 3,667 
 - 
 3,667 
 134,590 
 - 
 134,590 

Net loss from continuing operations before tax 
 (2,050,182 
 (29,918 
 (2,080,100 
 (3,276,650 
 (29,918 
 (3,306,568 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 
 13,649 
 
 13,649 
 (174,021 
 
 (174,021 

Net loss before tax 
 (2,036,533 
 (29,918 
 (2,066,451 
 (3,450,671 
 (29,918 
 (3,480,589 

Income tax benefit 
 - 
 8,237 
 8,237 
 - 
 8,237 
 8,237 
 k 

Net loss 
 (2,036,533 
 (21,681 
 (2,058,214 
 (3,450,671 
 (21,681 
 (3,472,352 

Preferred stock dividends 

Series A-1, Series E, and Series F
 preferred stock 
 (52,682 
 
 (52,682 
 (201,484 
 
 (201,484 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 
 (2,089,215 
 (21,681 
 (2,110,896 
 (3,652,155 
 (21,681 
 (3,673,836 

Basic and diluted net loss for continuing operations per
 share 
 (0.03 
 
 (0.03 
 (0.05 
 
 (0.05 

Basic and diluted net profit for discontinued operations
 per share 
 0.00 
 
 0.00 
 (0.00 
 
 (0.00 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 
 (0.03 
 
 (0.03 
 (0.05 
 
 (0.05 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 64,267,465 
 
 64,267,465 
 66,485,230 
 
 70,623,818 

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2019 : 

a.
Finder s Fee 

 d.
Goodwill and intangible assets impact of additional share issuance and correction, respectively, of MH and Oceanside acquisitions 

 e.
Share-based compensation from Oceanside acquisition 

 k.
Tax effect 

 l.
Closing notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition 

F- 52 

Statement
of Cash Flows 

For
 the nine months ended September 30, 2019 

As 
 Previously 
 Filed 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 As 
 Restated 
 Restatement 
 References 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 
 (3,450,671 
 (21,681 
 (3,472,352 
 a, d, e, l 
 
 Add back: loss attributable to discontinued operations 
 174,021 
 
 174,021 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations: 

Depreciation 
 5,613 
 
 5,613 

Amortization of debt discount 
 10,472 
 
 10,472 

Amortization 
 120,668 
 (33,032 
 87,636 
 d 
 
 Impairment of tradename 
 20,800 
 
 20,800 

Gain on settlement of liability 
 (122,500 
 
 (122,500 

Gain on sale of property and equipment 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock option compensation expense 
 29,074 
 67,605 
 96,679 
 e 
 
 Stock issued for services 
 32,250 
 
 32,250 

Change in Deferred taxes 
 - 
 (8,237 
 (8,237 
 k 
 
 Provision for bad debt 
 29,338 
 
 29,338 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 (808,812 
 
 (808,812 

Prepaid expenses and other current
 assets 
 482,979 
 
 482,979 

Other assets 
 (17,369 
 
 (17,369 

ROU asset and lease liability 
 - 
 
 - 

Accounts payable 
 1,078,205 
 
 1,078,205 

Accrued expenses 
 1,070,498 
 (4,655 
 1,065,843 
 a 
 
 Accrued interest to related party 
 3,213 
 
 3,213 

Deferred rents 
 - 
 
 - 

Deferred revenues 
 (4,163 
 
 (4,163 

Net cash used in continuing operations
 for operating activities 
 (1,346,384 
 0 
 (1,346,384 

Net cash (used in) provided by discontinued
 operations 
 (155,739 
 
 (155,739 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,502,123 
 0 
 (1,502,123 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 (8,746 
 
 (8,746 

Cash received in acquisition 
 603,744 
 
 603,744 

Cash paid for website acquisition 
 - 
 
 - 

Principal collected on notes receivable 
 77,500 
 
 77,500 

Notes receivable funded 
 (1,156,887 
 
 (1,156,887 

Cash paid for website acquisition 
 (8,000 
 
 (8,000 

Cash proceeds from acquisition of subsidiaries 
 - 
 
 - 

Net cash (used in) provided by
 investing activities 
 (492,389 
 - 
 (492,389 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock,
 net of commissions 
 1,651,410 
 
 1,651,410 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred
 stock 
 250,000 
 
 250,000 

Payments of insurance premium loans
 payable 
 (89,154 
 
 (89,154 

Dividend payments 
 (201,847 
 
 (201,847 

Principal payment on notes payable 
 (64,681 
 
 (64,681 

Net cash provided by financing
 activities 
 1,545,728 
 - 
 1,545,728 

Net (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents classified
 within assets related to continued operations 
 (448,784 
 - 
 (448,784 

Impact of foreign exchange rates on cash 
 9,818 
 
 9,818 

Net (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents classified
 within assets related to discontinued operations 
 (15,971 
 
 (15,971 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (454,937 
 - 
 (454,937 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 1,042,457 
 
 1,042,457 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 587,520 
 - 
 587,520 

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2019 : 

a.
Finder s Fee 

 d.
Goodwill and intangible assets impact of additional share issuance and correction, respectively, of MH and Oceanside acquisitions 

 e.
Share-based compensation from Oceanside acquisition 

 k.
Tax effect 

 l.
Closing notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition 

F- 53 

The following table presents the effect of the
Restatement Items and Other Adjustments, on the Company s consolidated statement of cash flows supplemental information for the
nine months ended September 30, 2019: 

For the nine months ended September
 30, 2019 

As Previously Filed 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 
 15,926 
 - 
 15,926 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Premium finance loan payable recorded as prepaid 
 28,602 
 - 
 28,602 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of S W net assets 
 - 
 2,999,756 
 2,999,756 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of S W net liabilities 
 168,244 
 2,994,633 
 3,162,877 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of intangible assets of S W 
 4,169,000 
 (1,048,400 
 3,120,600 
 
 Non-cash acquisition right of use asset S W 
 266,230 
 (31,175 
 235,055 
 
 Common stock issued for acquisitions 
 - 
 20,021,163 
 20,021,163 
 
 Recognition of right of use lease liability for S W 
 245,540 
 - 
 245,540 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of goodwill S W 
 15,408,523 
 1,660,284 
 17,068,807 
 
 Reduction of liability with Daily Engage Media Group LLC 
 197,500 
 - 
 197,500 
 
 Note receivable for the sale of Black Helmet 
 155,000 
 - 
 155,000 
 
 Stock issued for prepaid services/consulting agreement to Spartan Capital 
 32,220 
 - 
 32,220 
 
 Stock dividend 
 100 
 - 
 100 

The following tables present the Restatement Items,
as well as other adjustments, on the Company s unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the
three months ended March 31, 2020: 

Balance
Sheet 

As
 of March 31, 2020 

As
 Previously 
 Restatement 
 
 Restatement 

Filed 
 Adjustments 
 As
 Restated 
 References 

ASSETS 

Current
 Assets 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 
 1,270,023 
 
 1,270,023 

Accounts
 receivable, net 
 3,207,560 
 (211,773 
 2,995,787 
 j 
 
 Note
 receivable, net 
 38,329 
 
 38,329 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 
 485,074 
 273,236 
 758,310 
 h,
 i 
 
 Current
 assets - discontinued operations 
 - 
 
 - 

Total
 Current Assets 
 5,000,986 
 61,463 
 5,062,449 

Property
 and equipment, net 
 25,413 
 
 25,413 

Website
 acquisition assets, net 
 35,316 
 
 35,316 

Intangible
 assets, net 
 18,671,791 
 (193,943 
 18,477,848 
 d 
 
 Goodwill 
 53,646,856 
 (1,513,235 
 52,133,621 
 b,
 c 
 
 Prepaid
 services/consulting agreements - long term 
 775,000 
 
 775,000 

Right
 of use asset 
 348,721 
 
 348,721 

Other
 assets 
 94,672 
 
 94,672 

Total
 Assets 
 78,598,755 
 (1,645,714 
 76,953,041 

LIABILITIES
 AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 
 8,152,462 
 (87,970 
 8,064,492 
 j 
 
 Accrued
 expenses 
 893,540 
 1,562,744 
 2,456,284 
 a,
 e, f, g, h, l 
 
 Accrued
 interest to related party 
 8,652 
 
 8,652 

Premium
 finance loan payable 
 125,453 
 
 125,453 

Deferred
 revenues 
 18,609 
 156,529 
 175,138 
 m 
 
 Long
 term debt, current portion 
 165,163 
 
 165,163 

Share
 Issuance Accrued Liability New 
 - 
 
 - 

Other
 current liabilities 
 - 
 
 - 

Operating
 lease liability, net of current portion 
 215,004 
 
 215,004 

Current
 liabilities - discontinued operations 
 - 
 
 - 

Total
 Current Liabilities 
 9,578,883 
 1,631,303 
 11,210,186 

Long
 Term Debt to Related Parties, net 
 29,179 
 
 29,179 

Long
 term debt 
 - 
 
 - 

Deferred
 tax liability 
 516,941 
 (286,215 
 230,726 
 k 
 
 Operating
 lease liability, net of current portion 
 130,979 
 
 130,979 

Total
 Liabilities 
 10,255,982 
 1,345,088 
 11,601,070 

Shareholders 
 Equity 

Convertible
 preferred stock, par value 0.01, 20,000,000 shares authorized, 

Series
 A-1, 2,000,000 shares designated, 1,200,000 and outstanding at March 31, 2020 
 12,000 
 
 12,000 

Series
 B-1, 6,000,000 shares designated, no issued and outstanding at March 31, 2020 
 - 
 
 - 

Series
 E, 2,500,000 shares designated, issued and outstanding at March 31, 2020 
 25,000 
 
 25,000 

Series
 F, 4,344,017 shares designated, issued and outstanding at March 31, 2020 
 43,440 
 
 43,440 

Common
 stock, par value 0.01, 324,000,000 shares authorized, 107,270,456 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2020 
 1,067,329 
 4,776 
 1,072,105 
 b,
 c 
 
 Additional
 paid-in capital 
 91,099,013 
 (2,651,149 
 88,447,864 
 b,
 c 
 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 (23,904,009 
 (344,430 
 (24,248,439 
 a,
 c, e, f, j, h, i, k, l, m 
 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 - 
 
 - 

Total
 shareholders equity 
 68,342,773 
 (2,990,803 
 65,351,970 

Total
 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 78,598,755 
 (1,645,714 
 76,953,041 

As
of March 31, 2020 : 

a.
Finder s Fee 

 b.
Common Stock issued in Oceanside acquisition 

 c.Common
Stock issued in MediaHouse Acquisition 

 d.
Goodwill and intangible assets impact of additional share issuance and correction, respectively, of MH and Oceanside acquisitions 

 e.
Share-based compensation from Oceanside acquisition 

 f.
 Penalty accrual for untimely registration statement filings 

 g.
Preferred stock dividends 

 h.
Common stock issued for investor relations agreement 

 i.
M A advisory fee 

 j.
Other Adjustments 

 k.
Tax effect 

F- 54 

Income
Statement 

For
 the three months ended March 31, 2020 

As
 Previously 
 Restatement 
 
 Restatement 

Filed 
 Adjustments 
 As
 Restated 
 References 

Revenues 

Advertising 
 2,270,186 
 - 
 2,270,186 

Cost
 of revenue 

Advertising 
 1,823,082 
 - 
 1,823,082 

Gross
 profit 
 447,104 
 - 
 447,104 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 
 3,979,378 
 (403,528 
 3,575,850 
 e,
 h, i, j, l 

Loss
 from operations 
 (3,532,274 
 403,528 
 (3,128,746 

Other
 income (expense) 

Interest
 (expense) income,net 
 10,993 
 
 10,993 

Gain
 on settlement of liability 
 - 
 
 - 

Impairment
 Expense 
 - 
 
 - 

Settlement
 of contingent consideration 
 - 
 
 - 

Other
 expense 
 (215 
 
 (215 

Interest
 expense 
 - 
 
 - 

Interest
 expense - related party 
 (2,023 
 
 (2,023 

Total
 other income (expense) 
 8,755 
 - 
 8,755 

Net
 loss from continuing operations before tax 
 (3,523,519 
 403,528 
 (3,119,991 

Income
 (loss)from discontinued operations 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss before tax 
 (3,523,519 
 403,528 
 (3,119,991 

Income
 tax benefit 
 64,499 
 24,711 
 89,210 
 k 

Net
 loss 
 (3,459,020 
 428,239 
 (3,030,781 

Preferred
 stock dividends 

Series
 A-1, Series E, and Series F preferred stock 
 (118,252 
 
 (118,252 

Net
 loss attributable to common shareholders 
 (3,577,272 
 428,239 
 (3,149,033 

Basic
 and diluted net loss for continuing operations per share 
 (0.03 
 
 (0.03 

Basic
 and diluted net profit for discontinued operations per share 
 - 
 
 - 

Basic
 and diluted net loss per share 
 (0.03 
 
 (0.03 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 106,098,560 
 
 106,098,560 

For
the three months ended March 31, 2020 : 

e.
Share-based compensation from Oceanside acquisition 

 h.
Common stock issued for investor relations agreement 

 i.
M A advisory fee 

 j.
Other Adjustments 

 k.
Tax effect 

 l.
Closing notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition 

F- 55 

Statement
of Cash Flows 

For
 the three months ended March 31, 2020 

As
 Previously 
 Restatement 
 
 Restatement 

Filed 
 Adjustments 
 As
 Restated 
 References 

Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 loss 
 (3,459,020 
 428,239 
 (3,030,781 
 d,
 e, h, i, j, k, l 
 
 Add
 back: loss attributable to discontinued operations 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations: 

Depreciation 
 5,253 
 
 5,253 

Amortization
 of debt discount 
 3,490 
 
 3,490 

Amortization 
 952,622 
 (24,423 
 928,199 
 d 
 
 Gain
 on settlement of liability 
 36,595 
 
 36,595 

Gain
 on sale of property and equipment 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock
 option compensation expense 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock
 issued for services 
 91,718 
 
 91,718 

Non-cash
 acquisition fee 
 275,000 
 
 275,000 

Non-cash
 compensation for services 
 - 
 (90,000 
 (90,000 
 h 
 
 Non-cash
 settlement of contingent consideration 
 - 
 
 - 

Change
 in Deferred taxes 
 (64,499 
 (24,711 
 (89,210 
 k 
 
 Provision
 for bad debt 
 - 
 
 - 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 
 789,915 
 
 789,915 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 
 314,015 
 (321,705 
 (7,690 
 h,
 i 
 
 Prepaid
 serveices/consulting agreements 
 93,182 
 
 93,182 

Goodwill 
 - 
 
 - 

Other
 assets 
 (58,849 
 
 (58,849 

ROU
 asset and lease liability 
 (14,802 
 
 (14,802 

Accounts
 payable 
 (205,980 
 (65,100 
 (271,080 
 j 
 
 Accrued
 expenses 
 (141,893 
 97,701 
 (44,192 
 e,
 j, l 
 
 Accrued
 interest to related party 
 2,023 
 
 2,023 

Deferred
 rents 
 - 
 
 - 

Deferred
 revenues 
 11,958 
 
 11,958 

Net
 cash used in continuing operations for operating activities 
 (1,369,272 
 - 
 (1,369,272 

Net
 cash (used in) provided by discontinued operations 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 
 (1,369,272 
 - 
 (1,369,272 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Purchase
 of property and equipment 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock, net of commissions 
 1,734,937 
 
 1,734,937 

Proceeds
 from issuance of preferred stock 

- 

Payments
 of insurance premium loans payable 
 (54,391 
 
 (54,391 

Dividend
 payments 
 (23,747 
 
 (23,747 

Principal
 payment on notes payable 
 - 
 
 - 

Note
 receivable funded 
 - 
 
 - 

Proceeds
 from repayment of note receivable 
 25,483 
 
 25,483 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 1,682,282 
 - 
 1,682,282 

Net
 (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents classified within assets related to continued operations 

313,010 

- 

313,010 

Net
 (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents classified within assets related to discontinued operations 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 313,010 
 - 
 313,010 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 957,013 
 
 957,013 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of period 
 1,270,023 
 - 
 1,270,023 

For
the three months ended March 31, 2020 : 

d.
Goodwill and intangible assets impact of additional share issuance and correction, respectively, of MediaHouse and Oceanside acquisitions 

 e.
Share-based compensation from Oceanside acquisition 

 h.
Common stock issued for investor relations agreement 

 i.
M A advisory fee 

 j.
Other Adjustments 

 k.
Tax effect 

 l.
Closing notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition 

The following table presents the effect of the
Restatement Items and Other Adjustments, on the Company s consolidated statement of cash flows supplemental information for the
three months ended March 31, 2020: 

For the three months ended March
 31, 2020 

As Previously Filed 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 
 2,023 
 - 
 2,023 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Premium finance loan payable recorded as prepaid 
 125,987 
 - 
 125,987 
 
 Stock issued for prepaid services/consulting agreements to Spartan Capital 
 2,212,400 
 - 
 2,212,400 
 
 Accrued consulting fees withheld from offering proceeds 
 165,000 
 (165,000 
 - 

The
following tables present the Restatement Items, as well as other adjustments, on the Company s unaudited interim condensed consolidated
financial statements as of and for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020: 

F- 56 

Balance
Sheet 

As
 of June 30, 2020 

As
 Previously 
 Restatement 
 
 Restatement 

Filed 
 Adjustments 
 As
 Restated 
 References 

ASSETS 

Current
 Assets 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 
 1,905,182 
 
 1,905,182 

Accounts
 receivable, net 
 4,715,622 
 (211,773 
 4,503,849 
 j 
 
 Note
 receivable, net 
 35,215 
 
 35,215 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 
 903,874 
 227,294 
 1,131,168 
 h,
 i 
 
 Current
 assets - discontinued operations 
 - 
 
 - 

Total
 Current Assets 
 7,559,893 
 15,521 
 7,575,414 

Property
 and equipment, net 
 139,349 
 
 139,349 

Website
 acquisition assets, net 
 24,052 
 
 24,052 

Intangible
 assets, net 
 24,882,063 
 901,405 
 25,783,468 
 b,
 c, d, j 
 
 Goodwill 
 64,568,671 
 (2,461,914 
 62,106,757 
 b,
 c, d, k 
 
 Prepaid
 services/consulting agreements - long term 
 697,500 
 
 697,500 

Right
 of use asset 
 296,514 
 
 296,514 

Other
 assets 
 448,575 
 
 448,575 

Total
 Assets 
 98,616,617 
 (1,544,987 
 97,071,630 

LIABILITIES
 AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 
 8,609,805 
 (87,970 
 8,521,835 
 j 
 
 Accrued
 expenses 
 1,032,458 
 2,546,659 
 3,579,117 
 a,
 e, f, g, h, j, l 
 
 Accrued
 interest to related party 
 10,675 
 
 10,675 

Premium
 finance loan payable 
 71,062 
 
 71,062 

Deferred
 revenues 
 80,741 
 156,529 
 237,270 
 m 
 
 Long
 term debt, current portion 
 165,163 
 
 165,163 

Share
 Issuance Accrued Liability New 
 - 
 
 - 

Other
 current liabilities 
 - 
 
 - 

Operating
 lease liability, net of current portion 
 218,697 
 
 218,697 

Current
 liabilities - discontinued operations 
 - 
 
 - 

Total
 Current Liabilities 
 10,188,601 
 2,615,218 
 12,803,819 

Long
 Term Debt to Related Parties, net 
 32,670 
 
 32,670 

Long
 term debt 
 18,588,440 
 
 18,588,440 

Deferred
 tax liability 
 433,955 
 (322,061 
 111,894 
 k 
 
 Operating
 lease liability, net of current portion 
 82,396 
 
 82,396 

Total
 Liabilities 
 29,326,062 
 2,293,157 
 31,619,219 

Shareholders 
 Equity 

Convertible
 preferred stock, par value 0.01, 20,000,000 shares authorized, 

Series
 A-1, 2,000,000 shares designated, 1,200,000 and outstanding at June 30, 2020 
 12,000 
 
 12,000 

Series
 B-1, 6,000,000 shares designated, no issued and outstanding at June 30, 2020 
 - 
 
 - 

Series
 E, 2,500,000 shares designated, issued and outstanding at June 30, 2020 
 25,000 
 
 25,000 

Series
 F, 4,344,017 shares designated, issued and outstanding at June 30, 2020 
 43,440 
 
 43,440 

Common
 stock, par value 0.01, 324,000,000 shares authorized, - 110,795,456 shares issued outstanding at June 30, 2020 
 1,102,579 
 5,376 
 1,107,955 
 b,
 c, h 
 
 Additional
 paid-in capital 
 95,116,892 
 (2,478,711 
 92,638,181 
 b,
 c 
 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 (27,009,356 
 (1,364,810 
 (28,374,166 
 a,
 c, e, f, j, h, i, k, l, m 
 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 - 
 
 - 

Total
 shareholders equity 
 69,290,555 
 (3,838,144 
 65,452,411 

Total
 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 98,616,617 
 (1,544,987 
 97,071,630 

As
of June 30, 2020 : 

a.
Finder s Fee 

 b.
Common Stock issued in Oceanside acquisition 

 c.
Common Stock issued in MediaHouse Acquisition 

 d.
Goodwill and intangible assets impact of additional share issuance and correction, respectively, of MediaHouse and Oceanside acquisitions 

 e.
Share-based compensation from Oceanside acquisition 

 f.
 Penalty accrual for untimely registration statement filings 

 g.
Preferred stock dividends 

 h.
Common stock issued for investor relations agreement 

 i.
M A advisory fee 

 j.
Other Adjustments 

 k.
Tax effect 

 l.
Closing notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition 

 m.
Deferred revenue 

F- 57 

Income
Statement 

For
 the three months ended June 30, 2020 
 For
 the six months ended June 30, 2020 

As Previously 
 Restatement 
 
 As Previously 
 Restatement 
 
 Restatement 

Filed 
 Adjustments 
 As
 Restated 
 Filed 
 Adjustments 
 As
 Restated 
 References 

Revenues 

Advertising 
 2,273,940 
 - 
 2,273,940 
 4,544,126 
 - 
 4,544,126 

Cost of revenue 

Advertising 
 1,097,504 
 - 
 1,097,504 
 2,920,586 
 - 
 2,920,586 

Gross profit 
 1,176,436 
 - 
 1,176,436 
 1,623,540 
 - 
 1,623,540 

Selling, general and administrative
 expenses 
 4,387,741 
 1,196,547 
 5,584,288 
 8,367,119 
 793,019 
 9,160,138 
 a, d, e, h, i, j, l 

Loss from operations 
 (3,211,305 
 (1,196,547 
 (4,407,852 
 (6,743,579 
 (793,019 
 (7,536,598 

Other income (expense) 

Interest (expense) income,net 
 (82,261 
 
 (82,261 
 (71,268 
 
 (71,268 

Gain on settlement of liability 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Impairment Expense 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Settlement of contingent consideration 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Other expense 
 - 
 
 - 
 (215 
 
 (215 

Interest expense 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Interest expense
 - related party 
 (2,023 
 
 (2,023 
 (4,046 
 
 (4,046 

Total other
 income (expense) 
 (84,284 
 - 
 (84,284 
 (75,529 
 - 
 (75,529 

Net loss from continuing operations before tax 
 (3,295,589 
 (1,196,547 
 (4,492,136 
 (6,819,108 
 (793,019 
 (7,612,127 

Income (loss)from discontinued operations 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss before tax 
 (3,295,589 
 (1,196,547 
 (4,492,136 
 (6,819,108 
 (793,019 
 (7,612,127 

Income tax benefit 
 190,242 
 176,167 
 366,409 
 254,741 
 200,878 
 455,619 
 k 

Net loss 
 (3,105,347 
 (1,020,380 
 (4,125,727 
 (6,564,367 
 (592,141 
 (7,156,508 

Preferred stock dividends 

Series A-1,
 Series E, and Series F preferred stock 
 (148,995 
 
 (148,995 
 (267,247 
 
 (267,247 

Net loss attributable to common
 shareholders 
 (3,254,342 
 (1,020,380 
 (4,274,722 
 (6,831,614 
 (592,141 
 (7,423,755 

Basic and diluted net loss for continuing
 operations per share 
 (0.03 
 
 (0.04 
 (0.06 
 
 (0.07 

Basic and diluted net profit for
 discontinued operations per share 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 
 (0.03 
 
 (0.04 
 (0.06 
 
 (0.07 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 107,427,197 
 
 107,427,197 
 106,148,084 
 
 106,148,084 

For
the three and six months ended June 30, 2020 : 

a.
Finder s Fee 

 d.
Goodwill and intangible assets impact of additional share issuance and correction, respectively, of MediaHouse and Oceanside acquisitions 

 e.
Share-based compensation from Oceanside acquisition 

 h.
Common stock issued for investor relations agreement 

 i.
M A advisory fee 

 j.
Other Adjustments 

 k.
Tax effect 

 l.
 Closing notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition 

F- 58 

Statement
of Cash Flows 

For
 the six months ended June 30, 2020 

As
 Previously 
 Restatement 
 
 Restatement 

Filed 
 Adjustments 
 As
 Restated 
 References 

Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 loss 
 (6,564,367 
 (592,141 
 (7,156,508 
 a,
 d, e, h, i, j, k, l 
 
 Add
 back: loss attributable to discontinued operations 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations: 

Depreciation 
 10,179 
 
 10,179 

Amortization
 of debt discount 
 6,981 
 
 6,981 

Amortization 
 1,999,914 
 (30,771 
 1,969,143 
 d 
 
 Impairment
 of tradename 
 - 
 
 - 

Impairment
 of goodwill 
 - 
 
 - 

Impairment
 of intangibles 
 - 
 
 - 

Gain
 on settlement of liability 
 - 
 
 - 

Gain
 on sale of property and equipment 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock
 option compensation expense 
 78,094 
 
 78,094 

Stock
 issued for services 
 91,718 
 
 91,718 

Non-cash
 acquisition fee 
 275,000 
 
 275,000 

Non-cash
 compensation for services 
 - 
 (90,000 
 (90,000 
 h 
 
 Non-cash
 settlement of contingent consideration 
 - 
 
 - 

Change
 in Deferred taxes 
 (254,741 
 (200,878 
 (455,619 
 k 
 
 Provision
 for bad debt 
 773,944 
 
 773,944 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 
 1,395,191 
 
 1,395,191 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 
 335,100 
 (275,763 
 59,337 
 h,
 i 
 
 Prepaid
 serveices/consulting agreements 
 215,682 
 
 215,682 

Goodwill 
 - 
 
 - 

Other
 assets 
 212,230 
 
 212,230 

ROU
 asset and lease liability 
 (7,485 
 
 (7,485 

Accounts
 payable 
 (670,790 
 (65,100 
 (735,890 
 j 
 
 Accrued
 expenses 
 (847,068 
 1,254,653 
 407,585 
 a,
 e, f, g, h, j, l 
 
 Accrued
 interest to related party 
 4,046 
 
 4,046 

Deferred
 rents 
 - 
 
 - 

Deferred
 revenues 
 40,757 
 
 40,757 

Net
 cash used in continuing operations for operating activities 
 (2,905,615 
 - 
 (2,905,615 

Net
 cash (used in) provided by discontinued operations 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 
 (2,905,615 
 - 
 (2,905,615 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Purchase
 of property and equipment 
 (4,055 
 
 (4,055 

Cash
 received in acquisition WSM 
 1,357,669 
 
 1,357,669 

Cash
 paid for website acquisition 
 - 
 
 - 

Principal
 collected on notes receivable 
 - 
 
 - 

Notes
 receivable funded 
 - 
 
 - 

Cash
 paid for website acquisition 
 - 
 
 - 

Cash
 proceeds from acquisition of subsidiaries 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 1,353,614 
 - 
 1,353,614 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock, net of commissions 
 2,170,562 
 
 2,170,562 

Proceeds
 from issuance of preferred stock 
 - 
 
 - 

Payments
 of insurance premium loans payable 
 (108,782 
 
 (108,782 

Dividend
 payments 
 (55,007 
 
 (55,007 

Principal
 payment on notes payable 
 - 
 
 - 

Note
 receivable funded 
 - 
 
 - 

Proceeds
 from repayment of note receivable 
 28,597 
 
 28,597 

Notes
 payable funded 
 464,800 
 
 464,800 

Increase
 in Common Shares 
 - 
 
 - 

Unlocated
 Difference 
 - 
 
 - 

Increase
 in APIC 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 2,500,170 
 - 
 2,500,170 

Net
 (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents classified within assets related to continued operations 
 948,169 
 - 
 948,169 

Net
 (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents classified within assets related to discontinued operations 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 948,169 
 - 
 948,169 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 957,013 
 
 957,013 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of period 
 1,905,182 
 - 
 1,905,182 

For
the six months ended June 30, 2020 : 

a.
Finder s Fee 

 d.
Goodwill and intangible assets impact of additional share issuance and correction, respectively, of MediaHouse and Oceanside acquisitions 

 e.
Share-based compensation from Oceanside acquisition 

 f.
Penalty accrual for untimely registration statement filings 

 g.
 Preferred stock dividends 

 h.
Common stock issued for investor relations agreement 

 i.
M A advisory fee 

 j.
Other Adjustments 

 k.
Tax effect 

 l.
Closing notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition 

The following table presents the effect of the
Restatement Items and Other Adjustments, on the Company s consolidated statement of cash flows supplemental information for the
six months ended June 30, 2020: 

For the six months ended June
 30, 2020 

As Previously Filed 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 
 4,046 
 - 
 4,046 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Premium finance loan payable recorded as prepaid 
 87,461 
 - 
 87,461 
 
 Stock issued for prepaid services/consulting agreements to Spartan Capital 
 2,212,400 
 - 
 2,212,400 
 
 Accrued consulting fees withheld from offering proceeds 
 165,000 
 (165,000 
 - 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of assets of Wild Sky 
 (4,111,956 
 9,581,581 
 5,469,625 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of intangible assets of Wild Sky 
 (18,060,859 
 26,396,159 
 8,335,300 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of goodwill of Wild Sky 
 - 
 9,725,559 
 9,725,559 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of liabilities of Wild Sky 
 3,388,579 
 - 
 3,388,579 
 
 Long term debt from acquisition 
 16,416,905 
 - 
 16,416,905 
 
 Common stock issued for acquisition 
 3,725,000 
 - 
 3,725,000 

F- 59 

The
following tables present the Restatement Items, as well as other adjustments, on the Company s unaudited interim condensed consolidated
financial statements as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020: 

Balance
Sheet 

As
 of September 30, 2020 

As
 Previously 
 Restatement 
 
 Restatement 

Filed 
 Adjustments 
 As
 Restated 
 References 

ASSETS 

Current
 Assets 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 
 1,050,370 
 
 1,050,370 

Accounts
 receivable, net 
 5,409,605 
 (211,773 
 5,197,832 
 j 
 
 Note
 receivable, net 
 13,646 
 
 13,646 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 
 702,054 
 181,352 
 883,406 
 h,
 i 
 
 Current
 assets - discontinued operations 
 - 
 
 - 

Total
 Current Assets 
 7,175,675 
 (30,422 
 7,145,253 

Property
 and equipment, net 
 119,912 
 
 119,912 

Website
 acquisition assets, net 
 12,789 
 
 12,789 

Intangible
 assets, net 
 12,052,337 
 (4,063,753 
 7,988,584 
 b,
 c, d 
 
 Goodwill 
 22,150,047 
 (2,322,375 
 19,827,672 
 b,
 c, d, k 
 
 Prepaid
 services/consulting agreements - long term 
 620,000 
 
 620,000 

Right
 of use asset 
 243,549 
 
 243,549 

Other
 assets 
 396,969 
 
 396,969 

Total
 Assets 
 42,771,278 
 (6,416,550 
 36,354,728 

LIABILITIES
 AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 
 7,605,873 
 (87,970 
 7,517,903 
 j 
 
 Accrued
 expenses 
 1,933,476 
 3,041,960 
 4,975,436 
 a,
 e, f, g, h, j 
 
 Accrued
 interest to related party 
 12,720 
 16,644 
 29,364 

Premium
 finance loan payable 
 16,671 
 
 16,671 

Deferred
 revenues 
 65,512 
 156,529 
 222,041 
 m 
 
 Long
 term debt, current portion 
 1,135,000 
 
 1,135,000 

Share
 Issuance Accrued Liability New 
 - 
 
 - 

Other
 current liabilities 
 - 
 
 - 

Operating
 lease liability, net of current portion 
 221,763 
 
 221,763 

Current
 liabilities - discontinued operations 
 - 
 
 - 

Total
 Current Liabilities 
 10,991,015 
 3,127,163 
 14,118,178 

Long
 Term Debt to Related Parties, net 
 36,199 
 
 36,199 

Long
 term debt 
 18,588,440 
 (750,000 
 17,838,440 
 l 
 
 Deferred
 tax liability 
 283,213 
 (283,213 
 0 
 k 
 
 Operating
 lease liability, net of current portion 
 21,915 
 
 21,915 

Total
 Liabilities 
 29,920,782 
 2,093,950 
 32,014,732 

Shareholders 
 Equity 

Convertible
 preferred stock, par value 0.01, 20,000,000 shares authorized, 

Series
 A-1, 2,000,000 shares designated, 1,200,000 and outstanding at September 30, 2020 
 12,000 
 
 12,000 

Series
 B-1, 6,000,000 shares designated, no issued and outstanding at September 30, 2020 
 - 
 
 - 

Series
 E, 2,500,000 shares designated, issued and outstanding at September 30, 2020 
 25,000 
 
 25,000 

Series
 F, 4,344,017 shares designated, issued and outstanding at September 30, 2020 
 43,440 
 
 43,440 

Common
 stock, par value 0.01, 324,000,000 shares authorized, - 115,101,656 shares issued outstanding at September 30, 2020 
 1,145,642 
 5,376 
 1,151,018 
 b,
 c, h 
 
 Additional
 paid-in capital 
 96,360,804 
 (2,389,538 
 93,971,266 
 b,
 c, g, h, j 
 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 (83,581,144 
 (7,061,746 
 (90,642,890 
 a,
 c, d, e, f, h, i, j, k, l, n 
 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 (1,155,245 
 935,408 
 (219,837 
 n 
 
 Total
 shareholders equity 
 12,850,496 
 (8,510,500 
 4,339,996 

Total
 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 42,771,278 
 (6,416,550 
 36,354,728 

As
of September 30, 2020 : 

a.
Finder s Fee 

 b.
Common Stock issued in Oceanside acquisition 

 c.
Common Stock issued in MediaHouse Acquisition 

 d.
Goodwill and intangible assets impact of additional share issuance and correction, respectively, of MediaHouse and Oceanside acquisitions 

 e.
Share-based compensation from Oceanside acquisition 

 f.
 Penalty accrual for untimely registration statement filings 

 g.
Preferred stock dividends 

 h.
Common stock issued for investor relations agreement 

 i.
M A advisory fee 

 j.
Other Adjustments 

 k.
Tax effect 

 l.
Closing notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition 

F- 60 

Income
Statement 

For
 the three months ended 
 September
 30, 2020 
 For
 the nine months ended September 30, 2020 

As Previously 
 Restatement 
 
 As Previously 
 Restatement 
 
 Restatement 

Filed 
 Adjustments 
 As
 Restated 
 Filed 
 Adjustments 
 As
 Restated 
 References 

Revenues 

Advertising 
 4,894,486 
 - 
 4,894,486 
 9,438,612 
 - 
 9,438,612 

Cost of revenue 

Advertising 
 2,085,060 
 - 
 2,085,060 
 5,005,646 
 - 
 5,005,646 

Gross profit 
 2,809,426 
 - 
 2,809,426 
 4,432,966 
 - 
 4,432,966 

Selling, general and administrative
 expenses 
 5,493,343 
 660,218 
 6,153,561 
 13,860,462 
 1,453,237 
 15,313,699 
 a, d, e, f, h, i, j 

Loss from operations 
 (2,683,917 
 (660,218 
 (3,344,135 
 (9,427,496 
 (1,453,237 
 (10,880,733 

Other income (expense) 

Interest (expense) income,net 
 (251,779 
 
 (251,779 
 (323,047 
 
 (323,047 

Gain on settlement of liability 
 935,408 
 (935,408 
 
 935,408 
 (935,408 
 
 n 
 
 Impairment Expense 
 (53,996,544 
 (4,769,472 
 (58,766,016 
 (53,996,544 
 (4,769,472 
 (58,766,016 
 d 
 
 Settlement of contingent consideration 
 (750,000 
 750,000 
 - 
 (750,000 
 750,000 
 - 
 l 
 
 Other expense 
 - 
 
 - 
 (215 
 
 (215 

Interest expense 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Interest expense
 - related party 
 (2,045 
 (16,644 
 (18,689 
 (6,091 
 (16,644 
 (22,735 

Total other
 income (expense) 
 (54,064,960 
 (4,971,524 
 (59,036,484 
 (54,140,489 
 (4,971,524 
 (59,112,013 

Net loss from continuing operations before tax 
 (56,748,877 
 (5,631,742 
 (62,380,619 
 (63,567,985 
 (6,424,761 
 (69,992,746 

Income (loss) from discontinued
 operations 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss before tax 
 (56,748,877 
 (5,631,742 
 (62,380,619 
 (63,567,985 
 (6,424,761 
 (69,992,746 

Income tax benefit 
 177,089 
 (65,194 
 111,895 
 431,830 
 135,684 
 567,514 
 k 

Net loss 
 (56,571,788 
 (5,696,936 
 (62,268,724 
 (63,136,155 
 (6,289,077 
 (69,425,232 

Preferred stock dividends 

Series A-1,
 Series E, and Series F preferred stock 
 (180,122 
 
 (180,122 
 (447,369 
 
 (447,369 

Net loss attributable to common
 shareholders 
 (56,751,910 
 (5,696,936 
 (62,448,846 
 (63,583,524 
 (6,289,077 
 (69,872,601 

Basic and diluted net loss for continuing
 operations per share 
 (0.51 
 
 (0.56 
 (0.59 
 
 (0.65 

Basic and diluted net profit for
 discontinued operations per share 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 
 (0.51 
 
 (0.56 
 (0.59 
 
 (0.65 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 110,995,809 
 
 110,995,809 
 108,099,730 
 
 108,099,730 

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 : 

a.
Finder s Fee 

 d.
Goodwill and intangible assets impact of additional share issuance and correction, respectively, of MediaHouse and Oceanside acquisitions 

 e.
Share-based compensation from Oceanside acquisition 

 f.
 Penalty accrual for untimely registration statement filings 

 h.
Common stock issued for investor relations agreement 

 i.
M A advisory fee 

 j.
Other Adjustments 

 k.
Tax effect 

 l.
Closing notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition 

F- 61 

Statement
of Cash Flows 

For
 the nine months ended September 30, 2020 

As Previously 
 Restatement 
 
 Restatement 

Filed 
 Adjustments 
 As
 Restated 
 References 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 
 (63,136,155 
 (6,289,077 
 (69,425,232 
 a, e, f, h, i, j, k, l, n 
 
 Add back: loss attributable to discontinued operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations: 

Depreciation 
 29,616 
 
 29,616 

Amortization of debt discount 
 10,510 
 
 10,510 

Amortization 
 3,289,330 
 (969 
 3,288,361 
 j 
 
 Impairment of tradename 
 - 
 
 - 

Impairment of goodwill 
 42,444,971 
 (165,884 
 42,279,087 
 d 
 
 Impairment of intangibles 
 11,551,573 
 4,935,356 
 16,486,929 
 d 
 
 Gain on settlement of liability 
 (935,408 
 935,408 
 
 n 
 
 Gain on sale of property and equipment 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock option compensation expense 
 129,105 
 
 129,105 

Stock issued for services 
 92,218 
 
 92,218 

Non-cash acquisition fee 
 275,000 
 
 275,000 

Non-cash compensation for services 
 - 
 (90,000 
 (90,000 
 h 
 
 Non-cash settlement of contingent consideration 
 750,000 
 (750,000 
 - 
 l 
 
 Change in Deferred taxes 
 (431,830 
 (135,684 
 (567,514 
 k 
 
 Provision for bad debt 
 287,068 
 
 287,068 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 1,193,666 
 
 1,193,666 

Prepaid expenses and other current
 assets 
 536,920 
 (229,821 
 307,099 
 h, i 
 
 Prepaid serveices/consulting agreements 
 293,182 
 
 293,182 

Goodwill 
 - 
 
 - 

Other assets 
 263,836 
 
 263,836 

ROU asset and lease liability 
 (11,935 
 
 (11,935 

Accounts payable 
 (1,674,722 
 (65,100 
 (1,739,822 
 j 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 53,950 
 1,839,127 
 1,893,077 
 e, f 
 
 Accrued interest to related party 
 6,091 
 16,644 
 22,735 

Deferred rents 
 - 
 
 - 

Deferred revenues 
 25,528 
 
 25,528 

Net cash used in continuing operations
 for operating activities 
 (4,957,486 
 0 
 (4,957,486 

Net cash (used in) provided by discontinued
 operations 
 - 
 
 - 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (4,957,486 
 0 
 (4,957,486 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 (4,055 
 
 (4,055 

Cash received in acquisition WSM 
 1,357,669 
 
 1,357,669 

Cash paid for website acquisition 
 - 
 
 - 

Principal collected on notes receivable 
 - 
 
 - 

Notes receivable funded 
 - 
 
 - 

Cash paid for website acquisition 
 - 
 
 - 

Cash proceeds from acquisition of subsidiaries 
 - 
 
 - 

Net cash (used in) provided by
 investing activities 
 1,353,614 
 - 
 1,353,614 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock,
 net of commissions 
 3,586,148 
 
 3,586,148 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred
 stock 
 - 
 
 - 

Payments of insurance premium loans
 payable 
 (163,173 
 
 (163,173 

Dividend payments 
 (235,129 
 
 (235,129 

Principal payment on notes payable 
 - 
 
 - 

Note receivable funded 
 - 
 
 - 

Proceeds from repayment of note receivable 
 - 
 
 - 

Notes payable funded 
 464,800 
 
 464,800 

Increase in Common Shares 
 44,583 
 
 44,583 

Unlocated Difference 
 - 
 
 - 

Increase in APIC 
 - 
 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing
 activities 
 3,697,229 
 - 
 3,697,229 

Net (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents classified
 within assets related to continued operations 
 93,357 
 - 
 93,357 

Net (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents classified
 within assets related to discontinued operations 
 - 
 
 - 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 93,357 
 - 
 93,357 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 957,013 
 
 957,013 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 1,050,370 
 - 
 1,050,370 

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2020 : 

 a.
Finder s Fee 

 d.
Goodwill and intangible assets impact of additional share issuance and correction, respectively, of MediaHouse and Oceanside acquisitions 

 e.
Share-based compensation from Oceanside acquisition 

 f.
Penalty accrual for untimely registration statement filings 

 h.
Common stock issued for investor relations agreement 

 i.
M A advisory fee 

 j.
Other Adjustments 

 k.
Tax effect 

 l.
Closing notes consideration change from Oceanside acquisition 

The following table presents the effect of the
Restatement Items and Other Adjustments, on the Company s consolidated statement of cash flows supplemental information for the
nine months ended September 30, 2020: 

For the nine months ended September
 30, 2020 

As Previously Filed 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 
 6,091 
 - 
 6,091 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Non-cash acquisition of assets of Wild Sky 
 (4,111,956 
 9,581,581 
 5,469,625 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of intangible assets of Wild Sky 
 (7,246,300 
 15,581,600 
 8,335,300 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of goodwill of Wild Sky 
 (10,814,559 
 20,787,695 
 9,973,136 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of liabilities of Wild Sky 
 3,388,579 
 247,577 
 3,636,156 
 
 Long term debt from acquisition 
 16,416,905 
 - 
 16,416,905 
 
 Common stock issued for acquisition 
 3,725,000 
 - 
 3,725,000 
 
 Issuance of debt in accordance with legal settlement 
 219,837 
 - 
 219,837 

F- 62 

<EX-10.4>
 2
 ex10-4.htm

Exhibit
10.4 

BRIGHT
MOUNTAIN MEDIA, INC. 

2019
STOCK OPTION PLAN 

The
purpose of the Bright Mountain Media, Inc., 2019 Stock Option Plan (the Plan is to provide (i) designated employees of
Bright Mountain Media, Inc., (the Company and its subsidiaries, (ii) certain consultants and advisors who perform services
for the Company or its subsidiaries and (iii) non- employee members of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board with the opportunity to receive grants of incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options. The Company believes that the Plan
will encourage the participants to contribute materially to the growth of the Company, thereby benefiting the Company s stockholders,
and will align the economic interests of the participants with those of the stockholders. 

1.
Administration 

a.
 Committee. The Plan shall be administered by a committee appointed by the Board (the Committee ), which may consist
of two or more persons who are outside directors as defined under section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the Code ), and related Treasury regulations and non-employee directors as defined under Rule
16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In the event the Company does not have
at least two outside directors, the Board shall constitute the Committee. 

b.
 Committee Authority. The Committee shall have the sole authority to (i) determine the individuals to whom grants shall be made
under the Plan, (ii) determine the type, size and terms of the grants to be made to each such individual, (iii) determine the time when
the grants will be made and the duration of any applicable exercise period, including the criteria for exercisability and the acceleration
of exercisability, (iv) amend the terms of any previously issued grant, and (v) deal with any other matters arising under the Plan. 

c.
 Committee Determinations. The Committee shall have full power and authority to administer and interpret the Plan, to make factual
determinations and to adopt or amend such rules, regulations, agreements and instruments for implementing the Plan and for the conduct
of its business as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion. The Committee s interpretations of the Plan and all
determinations made by the Committee pursuant to the powers vested in it hereunder shall be conclusive and binding on all persons having
any interest in the Plan or in any awards granted hereunder. All powers of the Committee shall be executed in its sole discretion, in
the best interest of the Company, not as a fiduciary, and in keeping with the objectives of the Plan and need not be uniform as to similarly
situated individuals. 

2.
Grants 

Awards
under the Plan may consist of grants of incentive stock options Incentive Stock Options and nonqualified stock options Nonqualified Stock Options ). Incentive Stock Options and Nonqualified Stock Options are collectively referred to as Options 
and Grants . All Grants shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and to such other terms and conditions
consistent with this Plan as the Committee deems appropriate and as are specified in writing by the Committee to the individual in a
grant instrument or an amendment to the grant instrument (the Grant Instrument ). 

The
Committee shall approve the form and provisions of each Grant Instrument. Grants under the Plan need not be uniform as among the grantees. 

1 

3.
Shares Subject to the Plan 

a.
 Shares Authorized. Subject to adjustment as described below, the aggregate number of shares of common stock of the Company Company
Stock that may be issued or transferred under the Plan is 5,000,000 shares. The maximum aggregate number of shares of Company
Stock that shall be subject to Grants made under the Plan to any individual during any calendar year shall be 100,000 shares, subject
to adjustment as described below. The shares may be authorized but unissued shares of Company Stock or reacquired shares of Company Stock,
including shares purchased by the Company on the open market for purposes of the Plan. If and to the extent Options granted under the
Plan terminate, expire, or are canceled, forfeited, exchanged or surrendered without having been exercised, the shares subject to such
Grants shall again be available for purposes of the Plan. 

b.
 Adjustments. If there is any change in the number or kind of shares of Company Stock outstanding (i) by reason of a stock dividend,
spinoff, recapitalization, stock split, or combination or exchange of shares, (ii) by reason of a merger, reorganization or consolidation
in which the Company is the surviving corporation, (iii) by reason of a reclassification or change in par value, or (iv) by reason of
any other extraordinary or unusual event affecting the outstanding Company Stock as a class without the Company s receipt of consideration,
or if the value of outstanding shares of Company Stock is substantially reduced as a result of a spinoff or the Company s payment
of an extraordinary dividend or distribution, the maximum number of shares of Company Stock available for Grants, the maximum number
of shares of Company Stock that any individual participating in the Plan may be granted in any year, the number of shares covered by
outstanding Grants, the kind of shares issued under the Plan, and the price per share or the applicable market value of such Grants may
be appropriately adjusted by the Committee to reflect any increase or decrease in the number of, or change in the kind or value of, issued
shares of Company Stock to preclude, to the extent practicable, the enlargement or dilution of rights and benefits under such Grants;
provided, however, that any fractional shares resulting from such adjustment shall be eliminated. Any adjustments determined by the Committee
shall be final, binding and conclusive. 

4.
Eligibility for Participation 

(a)
 Eligible Persons. All employees of the Company and its subsidiaries Employees ), including Employees who are officers
or members of the Board, and members of the Board who are not Employees Non-Employee Directors shall be eligible to participate
in the Plan. Consultants and advisors who perform services for the Company or any of its subsidiaries Key Advisors shall
be eligible to participate in the Plan if the Key Advisors render bona fide services to the Company or its subsidiaries, the services
are not in connection with the offer and sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction and the Key Advisors do not directly or
indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company s securities. 

(b)
 Selection of Grantees. The Committee shall select the Employees, Non-Employee Directors and Key Advisors to receive Grants and
shall determine the number of shares of Company Stock subject to a particular Grant in such manner as the Committee determines. Employees,
Key Advisors and Non-Employee Directors who receive Grants under this Plan shall hereinafter be referred to as Grantees. 

2 

5.
Granting of Options 

a.
 Number of Shares. The Committee shall determine the number of shares of Company Stock that will be subject to each Grant of Options
to Employees, Non-Employee Directors and Key Advisors. 

b.
 Type of Option and Price. 

(i)
The Committee may grant Incentive Stock Options that are intended to qualify as incentive stock options within the meaning
of section 422 of the Code or Nonqualified Stock Options that are not intended so to qualify or any combination of Incentive Stock Options
and Nonqualified Stock Options, all in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. Incentive Stock Options may be granted
only to Employees. Nonqualified Stock Options may be granted to Employees, Non- Employee Directors and Key Advisors. 

(ii)
The purchase price (the Exercise Price of Company Stock subject to an Option shall be determined by the Committee and
may be equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value (as defined below) of a share of Company Stock on the date the Option is granted;
provided, however, that an Incentive Stock Option may not be granted to an Employee who, at the time of grant, owns stock possessing
more than 10 percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent or subsidiary of the Company,
unless the Exercise Price per share is not less than 110 of the Fair Market Value of Company Stock on the date of grant. 

(iii)
If the Company Stock is publicly traded, then the Fair Market Value per share shall be determined as follows: (x) if the principal trading
market for the Company Stock is a national securities exchange or the Nasdaq National Market, the last reported sale price thereof on
the relevant date or (if there were no trades on that date) the latest preceding date upon which a sale was reported, or (y) if the Company
Stock is not principally traded on such exchange or market, the mean between the last reported bid and asked 
prices of Company Stock on the relevant date, as reported on Nasdaq or, if not so reported, as reported by the National Daily Quotation
Bureau, Inc. or as reported in a customary financial reporting service, as applicable and as the Committee determines. If the Company
Stock is not publicly traded or, if publicly traded, is not subject to reported transactions or bid or asked 
quotations as set forth above, the Fair Market Value per share shall be as determined by the Committee. 

c.
 Option Term. The Committee shall determine the term of each Option. The term of any Option shall not exceed ten years from the
date of grant. However, an Incentive Stock Option that is granted to an Employee who, at the time of grant, owns stock possessing more
than 10 percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company, or any parent or subsidiary of the Company,
may not have a term that exceeds five years from the date of grant. 

d.
 Exercisability of Options. Options shall become exercisable in accordance with such terms and conditions, consistent with the
Plan, as may be determined by the Committee and specified in the Grant Instrument. The Committee may accelerate the exercisability of
any or all outstanding Options at any time for any reason. 

e.
 Termination of Employment. Disability or Death. 

(i)
Except for options granted to consultants and advisors and except as provided below, an Option ceases to vest in the event
that a Grantee ceases to be employed by the Company for any reason other than Disability or Death. 

3 

(ii)
In the event the Grantee ceases to be employed by the Company on account of a termination by the Company for fraud, embezzlement, insider
trading law violations, or such egregious actions, any Option held by the Grantee shall terminate as of the date the Grantee ceases to
be employed by the Company. In addition, notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 5, if the Committee determines that the
Grantee has engaged in conduct that constitutes such illegal acts at any time while the Grantee is employed by the Company or after the
Grantee s termination of employment, any Option held by the Grantee shall immediately terminate and the Grantee shall automatically
forfeit all shares underlying any exercised portion of an Option for which the Company has not yet delivered the share certificates,
upon refund by the Company of the Exercise Price paid by the Grantee for such shares. Upon any exercise of an Option, the Company may
withhold delivery of share certificates pending resolution of an inquiry that could lead to a finding resulting in a forfeiture. 

(iii)
If the Grantee dies while employed by the Company or within 90 days after the date on which the Grantee ceases to be employed or provide
service on account of a termination specified in Section 5(e)(i) above (or within such other period of time as maybe specified by the
Committee), any Option that is otherwise exercisable by the Grantee shall terminate unless exercised within one year after the date on
which the Grantee dies, but in any event no later than the date of expiration of the Option term. In case of death, the Grantee heirs
may exercise any and all rights under this stock option plan within the time frame above. Except as otherwise provided by the Committee,
any of the Grantee s Options that are not otherwise exercisable as of the date on which the Grantee ceases to be employed by the
Company shall terminate as of such date. 

(iv)
For purposes of this Section 5(e): 

1. 
 The
 term Company shall mean the Company and its parent and subsidiary corporations or other entities, as determined by
 the Committee. 

2. 
 Employed
 by the Company shall mean employment as an Employee, Key Advisor or member of the Board (so that, for purposes of exercising
 Options, a Grantee shall not be considered to have terminated employment until the Grantee ceases to be an Employee, Key Advisor
 and member of the Board), unless the Committee determines otherwise. 

3. 
 Disability 
 shall mean a Grantee s becoming disabled within the meaning of section 22(e)(3) of the Code or the Grantee becomes entitled
 to receive long-term disability benefits under the Company s long-term disability plan if said plan exists. 

4. 
 Cause 
 shall mean, except to the extent specified otherwise by the Committee, a finding by the Committee that the Grantee (i) has breached
 his or her employment contract with the Company, (ii) has engaged in disloyalty to the Company, including, without limitation, fraud,
 embezzlement, theft, commission of a felony or proven dishonesty in the course of his or her employment, (iii) has disclosed trade
 secrets or confidential information of the Company to persons not entitled to receive such information or (iv) has engaged in such
 other behavior detrimental to the interests of the Company as the Committee determines. 

4 

f.
 Exercise of Options. A Grantee may exercise an Option that has become exercisable, in whole or in part, by delivering a notice
of exercise to the Company with payment of the Exercise Price. The Grantee shall pay the Exercise Price for an Option as specified by
the Committee (w) in cash, (x) with the approval of the Committee, by delivering shares of Company Stock owned by the Grantee (including
Company Stock acquired in connection with the exercise of an Option, subject to such restrictions as the Committee deems appropriate)
and having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the Exercise Price or by attestation (on a form prescribed by the Committee)
to ownership of shares of Company Stock having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the Exercise Price, (y) payment through
a broker in accordance with procedures permitted by Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board, or (z) by such other method as the Committee
may approve. The Committee may authorize loans by the Company to Grantees in connection with the exercise of an Option, upon such terms
and conditions as the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. Shares of Company Stock used to exercise an Option shall
have been held by the Grantee for the requisite period of time to avoid adverse accounting consequences to the Company with respect to
the Option. The Grantee shall pay the Exercise Price and the amount of any withholding tax due at the time of exercise. 

g.
 Limits on Incentive Stock Options. Each Incentive Stock Option shall provide that, if the aggregate Fair Market Value of the stock
on the date of the grant with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by a Grantee during any calendar
year, under the Plan or any other stock option plan of the Company or a parent or subsidiary, exceeds 100,000, then the Option, as
to the excess, shall be treated as a Nonqualified Stock Option. An Incentive Stock Option shall not be granted to any person who is not
an Employee of the Company or a parent or subsidiary (within the meaning of section 424(f) of the Code). 

6.
Deferrals 

The
Committee may permit or require a Grantee to defer receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of shares that would otherwise be due
to such Grantee in connection with any Option. If any such deferral election is permitted or required, the Committee shall, in its sole
discretion, establish rules and procedures for such deferrals. 

7.
Withholding of Taxes 

a.
 Required Withholding. All Grants under the Plan shall be subject to applicable federal (including FICA), state and local tax withholding
requirements. In the case of Options, the Company may require that the Grantee or other person receiving or exercising Grants pay to
the Company the amount of any federal, state or local taxes that the Company is required to withhold with respect to such Grants, or
the Company may deduct from other wages paid by the Company the amount of any withholding taxes due with respect to such Grants. 

b.
 Election to Withhold Shares. If the Committee so permits, a Grantee may elect to satisfy the Company s income tax withholding
obligation with respect to Options by having shares withheld up to an amount that does not exceed the Grantee s minimum applicable
withholding tax rate for federal (including FICA), state and local tax liabilities. The election must be in a form and manner prescribed
by the Committee and may be subject to the prior approval of the Committee. 

5 

8.
Transferability of Grants 

a.
 Nontransferability of Grants. Except as provided below, only the Grantee may exercise rights under a Grant during the Grantee s
lifetime. A Grantee may not transfer those rights except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or, with respect to Grants
other than Incentive Stock Options, if permitted in any specific case by the Committee, pursuant to a domestic relations order. When
a Grantee dies, the personal representative or other person entitled to succeed to the rights of the Grantee Successor Grantee may exercise such rights. A Successor Grantee must furnish proof satisfactory to the Company of his or her right to receive the Grant
under the Grantee s will or under the applicable laws of descent and distribution. 

b.
 Transfer of Nonqualified Stock Options. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may provide, in a Grant Instrument, that
a Grantee may transfer Nonqualified Stock Options to family members, or one or more trusts or other entities for the benefit of or owned
by family members, consistent with the applicable securities laws, according to such terms as the Committee may determine; provided that
the Grantee receives no consideration for the transfer of an Option and the transferred Option shall continue to be subject to the same
terms and conditions as were applicable to the Option immediately before the transfer. 

9.
Change of Control of the Company 

As
used herein, a Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if: 

a.
Any person (as such term is used in sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes a beneficial owner 
(as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of
the voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company; provided that a Change of Control shall not be deemed to occur as
a result of a transaction in which the Company becomes a subsidiary of another corporation and in which the stockholders of the Company,
immediately prior to the transaction, will beneficially own, immediately after the transaction, shares entitling such stockholders to
more than 50 of all votes to which all stockholders of the parent corporation would be entitled in the election of directors (without
consideration of the rights of any class of stock to elect directors by a separate class vote); 

6 

b.
The stockholders of the Company approve (or, if stockholder approval is not required, the Board approves) an agreement providing for
(i) the merger or consolidation of the Company with another corporation where the stockholders of the Company, immediately prior to the
merger or consolidation, will not beneficially own, immediately after the merger or consolidation, shares entitling such stockholders
to more than 50 of all votes to which all stockholders of the surviving corporation would be entitled in the election of directors (without
consideration of the rights of any class of stock to elect directors by a separate class vote), (ii) the sale or other disposition of
all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or (iii) a liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or 

c.
Any person has commenced a tender offer or exchange offer for 30 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the Company. 

10.
Consequences of a Change of Control 

a.
 Assumption of Grants. Upon a Change of Control where the Company is not the surviving corporation (or survives only as a subsidiary
of another corporation), unless the Committee determines otherwise, all outstanding Options that are not exercised shall be assumed by,
or replaced with comparable options or rights by the surviving corporation (or a parent of the surviving corporation), and other outstanding
Grants shall be converted to similar grants of the surviving corporation (or a parent of the surviving corporation). 

b.
 Other Alternatives. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Change of Control, the Committee may, but shall not be obligated
to, take any of the following actions with respect to any or all outstanding Grants: the Committee may (i) determine that outstanding
Options shall automatically accelerate and become fully exercisable, (ii) require that Grantees surrender their outstanding Options in
exchange for a payment by the Company, in cash or Company Stock as determined by the Committee, in an amount equal to the amount by which
the then Fair Market Value of the shares of Company Stock subject to the Grantee s unexercised Options exceeds the Exercise Price
of the Options or (iii) after giving Grantees an opportunity to exercise their outstanding Options, terminate any or all unexercised
Options at such time as the Committee deems appropriate. Such surrender, termination or settlement shall take place as of the date of
the Change of Control or such other date as the Committee may specify. The Committee shall have no obligation to take any of the foregoing
actions, and, in the absence of any such actions, outstanding Grants shall continue in effect according to their terms (subject to any
assumption pursuant to Subsection (a)). 

11.
Requirements for Issuance or Transfer of Shares 

a.
 Limitations on Issuance or Transfer of Shares. No Company Stock shall be issued or transferred in connection with any Option exercise
hereunder unless and until all legal requirements applicable to the issuance or transfer of such Company Stock have been complied with
to the satisfaction of the Committee. The Committee shall have the right to condition any Grant made to any Grantee hereunder on such
Grantee s undertaking in writing to comply with such restrictions on his or her subsequent disposition of such shares of Company
Stock as the Committee shall deem necessary or advisable, and certificates representing such shares may be legended to reflect any such
restrictions. Certificates representing shares of Company Stock issued or transferred under the Plan will be subject to such stop-transfer
orders and other restrictions as may be required by applicable laws, regulations and interpretations, including any requirement that
a legend be placed thereon. 

7 

b.
 Lock-Up Period. If so requested by the Company or any representative of the underwriters (the Managing Underwriter in connection with any underwritten offering of securities of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), a Grantee(including any successors or assigns) shall not sell or otherwise transfer any shares or other securities of the
Company during the 30-day period preceding and the 120-day period following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company
filed under the Securities Act for such underwriting(or such shorter period as may be requested by the Managing Underwriter and agreed
to by theCompany) (the Market Standoff Period ). The Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to securities
subject to the foregoing restrictions until the end of such Market Standoff Period. 

12.
Amendment and Termination of the Plan 

a.
 Amendment. The Board may amend or terminate the Plan at any time; provided, however, that the Board shall not amend the Plan without
stockholder approval if (i) such approval is required in order for Incentive Stock Options granted or to be granted under the Plan to
meet the requirements of section 422 of the Code, (ii) such approval is required in order to exempt compensation under the Plan from
the deduction limit under section 162(m) of the Code, or (iii) such approval is required by applicable stock exchange requirements. 

b.
 Termination of Plan. The Plan shall terminate on the day immediately preceding the tenth anniversary of its effective date, unless
the Plan is terminated earlier by the Board or is extended by the Board with the approval of the stockholders. 

c.
 Termination and Amendment of Outstanding Grants. A termination or amendment of the Plan that occurs after a Grant is made shall
not materially impair the rights of a Grantee unless the Grantee consents or unless the Committee acts under Section 18(b). The termination
of the Plan shall not impair the power and authority of the Committee with respect to an outstanding Grant. Whether or not the Plan has
terminated, an outstanding Grant may be terminated or amended under Section 18(b) or may be amended by agreement of the Company and the
Grantee consistent with the Plan. 

d.
 Governing Document. The Plan shall be the controlling document. No other statements, representations, explanatory materials or
examples, oral or written, may amend the Plan in any manner. The Plan shall be binding upon and enforceable against the Company and its
successors and assigns. 

13.
Funding of the Plan 

This
Plan shall be unfunded. The Company shall not be required to establish any special or separate fund or to make any other segregation
of assets to assure the payment of any Grants under this Plan. In no event shall interest be paid or accrued on any Grant, including
unpaid installments of Grants. 

14.
Rights of Participants 

Nothing
in this Plan shall entitle any Employee, Key Advisor, Non-Employee Director or other person to any claim or right to be granted a Grant
under this Plan. Neither this Plan nor any action taken hereunder shall be construed as giving any individual any rights to be retained
by or in the employ of the Company or any other employment rights. 

8 

15.
No Fractional Shares 

No
fractional shares of Company Stock shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Grant. The Committee shall determine whether
cash, other awards or other property shall be issued or paid in lieu of such fractional shares or whether such fractional shares or any
rights thereto shall be forfeited or otherwise eliminated. 

16.
Headings 

Section
headings are for reference only. In the event of a conflict between a title and the content of a Section, the content of the Section
shall control. 

17.
Effective Date of the Plan. 

The
Plan shall be effective on November 1, 2019. 

18.
Miscellaneous 

a.
 Grants in Connection with Corporate Transactions and Otherwise. Nothing contained in this Plan shall be construed to (i) limit
the right of the Committee to make Grants under this Plan in connection with the acquisition, by purchase, lease, merger, consolidation
or otherwise, of the business or assets of any corporation, firm or association, including Grants to employees thereof who become Employees
of the Company, or for other proper corporate purposes, or (ii) limit the right of the Company to grant stock options or make other awards
outside of this Plan. Without limiting the foregoing, the Committee may make a Grant to an employee of another corporation who becomes
an Employee by reason of a corporate merger, consolidation, acquisition of stock or property, reorganization or liquidation involving
the Company or any of its subsidiaries in substitution for a stock option or stock awards grant made by such corporation. The terms and
conditions of the substitute grants may vary from the terms and conditions required by the Plan and from those of the substituted stock
incentives. The Committee shall prescribe the provisions of the substitute grants. 

b.
 Compliance with Law. The Plan, the exercise of Options and the obligations of the Company to issue or transfer shares of Company
Stock under Grants shall be subject to all applicable laws and to approvals by any governmental or regulatory agency as may be required.
With respect to persons subject to section 16 of the Exchange Act, it is the intent of the Company that the Plan and all transactions
under the Plan comply with all applicable provisions of Rule 16b-3 or its successors under the Exchange Act. In addition, it is the intent
of the Company that the Plan and applicable Grants under the Plan comply with the applicable provisions of section 162(m) of the Code
and section 422 of the Code. To the extent that any legal requirement of section 16 of the Exchange Act or section 162(m) or 422 of the
Code as set forth in the Plan ceases to be required under section 16 of the Exchange Act or section 162(m) or 422 of the Code, that Plan
provision shall cease to apply. The Committee may revoke any Grant if it is contrary to law or modify a Grant to bring it into compliance
with any valid and mandatory government regulation. The Committee may also adopt rules regarding the withholding of taxes on payments
to Grantees. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, agree to limit its authority under this Section. 

c.
 Governing Law. The validity, construction, interpretation and effect of the Plan and Grant Instruments issued under the Plan shall
be governed and construed by and determined in accordance with the laws of Florida, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions
thereof. 

9 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries 

Name 
 
 Domicile 
 
 Bright
 Mountain LLC 
 
 Florida

The
 Bright Insurance Agency, LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 MediaHouse,
 LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Slutzky
 Winsham Ltd. 
 
 Israel 
 
 Oceanside
 Media, LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Wild
 Sky Media Co., LTD 
 
 Thailand 
 
 CL
 Media Holdings, LLC (Wild Sky Media) 
 
 New
 York 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-204882) of Bright Mountain Media,
Inc. of our report dated December 23, 2021, which includes an explanatory paragraph relating to Bright Mountain Media, Inc. s ability
to continue as a going concern, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appear in this Form 10-K. 

East
Brunswick, New Jersey 

 December
23, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Rule
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 

I,
W. Kip Speyer, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 of Bright Mountain Media, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 December 23, 2021 
 /s/
 W. Kip Speyer 

W.
 Kip Speyer, Chairman of the Board, Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Rule
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 

I,
Edward Cabanas, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 of Bright Mountain Media, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 December 23, 2021 
 /s/
 Edward Cabanas 

Edward
 Cabanas, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

Section
1350 Certification 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Bright Mountain Media, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2020 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, W. Kip Speyer, Chairman of the Board of
the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial conditions and results of operations
 of the Company. 

December
 23, 2021 
 /s/
 W. Kip Speyer 

W.
 Kip Speyer, Chairman of the Board, Principal Executive Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 13
 bmtm-20201231.xml
 INLINE XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 bmtm-20201231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 bmtm-20201231_cal.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 bmtm-20201231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 bmtm-20201231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 bmtm-20201231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

