<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211027_10-K_edgar_data_717954_0001564590-21-052248.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20132791</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>263204</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1751258</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8198642</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2567276</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6960632</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-21-052248.hdr.sgml : 20211027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211027141705
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-21-052248
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210828
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNIFIRST CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000717954
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				042103460
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0829

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08504
		FILM NUMBER:		211352304

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		68 JONSPIN RD
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01887
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(978) 658-8888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		68 JONSPIN ROAD
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01887

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTERSTATE UNIFORM SERVICES CORP/MA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19840410

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-21-052248.txt : 20211027

10-K
 1
 unf-10k_20210828.htm
 10-K

unf-10k_20210828.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices)(Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The number of outstanding shares of the Registrant s Common Stock and Class B Common Stock as of October 22, 2021 were and , respectively. The aggregate market value of the voting stock of the Registrant held by non-affiliates as of February 26, 2021 (the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), computed by reference to the closing sale price of such shares on such date, was approximately . 

UniFirst Corporation 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended August 28, 2021 
 
 Table of Contents 

PART I 

1 

Item 1. 

Business 

1 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

6 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

15 

Item 2. 

Properties 

15 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

15 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

15 

PART II 

16 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

16 

Item 6. 

Reserved 

18 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

19 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

35 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

36 

Consolidated statements of income for each of the three years in the period ended August 28, 2021 

36 

Consolidated statements of comprehensive income for each of the three years in the period ended August 28, 2021 

37 

Consolidated balance sheets as of August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020 

38 

Consolidated statements of shareholders equity for each of the three years in the period ended August 28, 2021 

39 

Consolidated statements of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 28, 2021 

40 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

41 

Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

67 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

69 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

69 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

70 

Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

71 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

72 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

72 

PART III 

72 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

72 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

72 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

72 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

72 

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

72 

PART IV 

73 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

73 

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 

75 

Ex-21 List of Subsidiaries 

Ex-23.1 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Ex-31.1 Section 302 Certification of CEO 

Ex-31.2 Section 302 Certification of CFO 

Ex-32.1 Section 906 Certification of CEO 

Ex-32.2 Section 906 Certification of CFO 

PART I 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our actual results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Certain factors that might cause such a difference are discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 GENERAL 
 UniFirst Corporation, a corporation organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in 1950, together with its subsidiaries, hereunder referred to as we , our , the Company , or UniFirst , is one of the largest providers of workplace uniforms and protective work wear clothing in the United States. We design, manufacture, personalize, rent, clean, deliver, and sell a wide range of uniforms and protective clothing, including shirts, pants, jackets, coveralls, lab coats, smocks, aprons and specialized protective wear, such as flame resistant and high visibility garments. We also rent and sell industrial wiping products, floor mats, facility service products and other non-garment items, and provide restroom and cleaning supplies and first aid cabinet services and other safety supplies as well as certain safety training, to a variety of manufacturers, retailers and service companies. We serve businesses of all sizes in numerous industry categories. At certain specialized facilities, we also decontaminate and clean work clothes and other items that may have been exposed to radioactive materials and service special cleanroom protective wear and facilities. 
 Our principal services include providing customers with uniforms and other non-garment items, picking up soiled uniforms or other items on a periodic basis (usually weekly), and delivering, at the same time, cleaned and processed items. We offer uniforms in a wide variety of styles, colors, sizes and fabrics and with personalized emblems selected by the customer. Our centralized services, specialized equipment and economies of scale generally allow us to be more cost effective in providing garment services than customers could be themselves, particularly those customers with high employee turnover rates. During the fiscal year ended August 28, 2021 fiscal 2021 ), we manufactured approximately 61 of the garments we placed in service. These were primarily work pants and shirts manufactured at three of our plants located in San Luis Potosi, Mexico, one plant located in Managua, Nicaragua, as well as at subcontract manufacturers that we utilize to supplement our manufacturing capacity in periods of high demand. Because we design and manufacture a majority of our own uniforms and protective clothes, we can produce custom garment programs for our larger customers, offer a diverse range of such designs within our standard line of garments and better control the quality, price and speed at which we produce such garments. 
 PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 We provide our customers with personalized workplace uniforms and protective work clothing in a broad range of styles, colors, sizes and fabrics. Our uniform products include shirts, pants, jackets, coveralls, lab coats, smocks, aprons and specialized protective wear, such as flame resistant and high visibility garments. At certain specialized facilities, we also decontaminate and clean clothes and other items which may have been exposed to radioactive materials and service special cleanroom protective wear and facilities. We also offer non-garment items and services, such as industrial wiping products, floor mats, dry and wet mops, restroom and cleaning supplies and other textile products. We also sell first aid cabinet services and other safety supplies, provide certain safety training and maintain wholesale distribution and pill packaging operations. 
 We offer our customers a range of garment service options, including full-service rental programs in which garments are cleaned and serviced by us, lease programs in which garments are cleaned and maintained by individual employees and purchase programs to buy garments and related items directly. As part of our rental business, we pick up a customer s soiled uniforms and/or other items on a periodic basis (usually weekly) and deliver back cleaned and processed replacement items. We believe our centralized services, specialized equipment and economies of scale generally allow us to be more cost effective in providing garment and related services than customers would be themselves, particularly those customers with high employee turnover rates. Our uniform program is intended not only to help our customers foster greater company identity, but to enhance their corporate image and improve employee safety, productivity and morale. We primarily serve our customers pursuant to written service contracts that range in duration from three to five years. 
 1 

Historically, our revenues and operating results have varied from quarter to quarter and are expected to continue to fluctuate in the future. These fluctuations have been due to a number of factors, including: general economic conditions in our markets the timing of acquisitions and of commencing start-up operations and related costs our effectiveness in integrating acquired businesses and start-up operations the timing of nuclear plant outages capital expenditures seasonal rental and purchasing patterns of our customers and price changes in response to competitive factors. In addition, our operating results historically have been lower during the second and fourth fiscal quarters than during the other quarters of the fiscal year. The operating results for any historical quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for an entire fiscal year or any other interim periods. 
 CUSTOMERS 
 We serve businesses of all sizes in virtually all industry categories. During each of the past three years, no single customer in our Core Laundry Operations segment accounted for more than 10 of our revenues. Our typical customers include automobile service centers and dealers, delivery services, food and general merchandise retailers, manufacturers, maintenance facilities, restaurants and food-related businesses, business service providers, soft and durable goods wholesalers, transportation companies, energy producing operations, healthcare providers and others who require employee clothing on the job for image, identification, protection and/or utility purposes. Among our largest customers of our conventional uniform rental business are divisions, units, regional operations or franchised agencies of major, nationally recognized organizations. With respect to our Specialty Garments segment, typical customers include government agencies, research and development laboratories, high technology companies, cleanroom operators, and utilities operating nuclear reactors. We currently service over 300,000 customer locations in the United States, Canada and Europe from 260 customer service, distribution and manufacturing facilities. 
 MARKETING, SALES, AND CUSTOMER SERVICE 
 We market our products and services to a diverse customer base and to prospects that range across virtually all industry segments. Marketing contact is made through print advertising, direct mail, publicity, trade shows, catalogs, telemarketing, multiple web sites and direct field sales representation. We have built and maintain an extensive, proprietary database of prescreened and qualified business prospects that have been sourced from our various promotional initiatives, including mailers, web site contacts, advertising responses, sales calls and lists purchased from third-party providers. These prospect records serve as a primary targeting resource for our professional sales organization and are constantly updated, expanded and maintained by an in-house team of specialist database qualifiers and managers. To aid in the effective marketing of products and services, we supply sales representatives with an extensive selection of sales aids, brochures, presentation materials and vertical market communications tools. We also provide representatives with detailed on-line profiles of high opportunity markets to educate them to the typical issues, needs and concerns of those markets. This helps establish credibility and aids their ability to deliver value-based solutions. 
 We employ a large team of trained professional sales representatives whose sole function is to market our services to potential customers and develop new accounts. While most of our sales representatives are capable of presenting a full range of service solutions, some are dedicated to developing business for a limited range of products and services or have a specific market focus. 
 For example, in select geographic markets we employ teams of dedicated facility services sales representatives who focus exclusively on developing business for our floor care, restroom and related service programs. We employ specialist executive-level salespeople in our National Account Organization some who specialize in rental programs and some who specialize in direct sale programs to target the very largest national companies with known uniform and/or facility services program needs. We believe that effective customer service is the most important element in developing and maintaining our market position. Our commitment to service excellence is reflected throughout our organization. Our route sales representatives are the first line of continuing customer contact, who are supported by local customer service representatives, local service management staff and local operations management leaders, all of whom are focused on addressing the ongoing needs of customers, constantly delivering high-value service and pursuing total customer satisfaction. Our proprietary information systems and our support service center enable us to respond to customer inquiries or issues within 24 hours, and our service personnel are specially trained to handle the daily contact work necessary to effectively manage customer relations. 
 We measure the speed and accuracy of our customer service efforts on a weekly basis and, through our Customers for Life program, we continuously survey, record and report satisfaction levels as a means of evaluating current performance and highlighting areas for improvement. 
 2 

COMPETITION 
 The uniform rental and sales industry is highly competitive. The principal methods of competition in the industry are the quality of products, the quality of service and price. Our principal competitors include Cintas Corporation, Alsco and Aramark. The remainder of the market, however, is divided among more than 600 smaller businesses, many of which serve one or a limited number of markets or geographic service areas. In addition to our traditional rental competitors, we may increasingly compete in the future with businesses that focus on selling uniforms and other related items. We also compete with industry competitors for business acquisitions. 
 MANUFACTURING AND SOURCING 
 We manufactured approximately 61 of all garments we placed in service during fiscal 2021. These garments were primarily work pants and shirts manufactured at three of our plants located in San Luis Potosi, Mexico, one plant located in Managua, Nicaragua, as well as at subcontract manufacturers that we utilize to supplement our manufacturing capacity in periods of high demand. The balance of the garments used in our programs are purchased from a variety of industry suppliers. While we currently acquire the raw materials with which we produce our garments from a limited number of suppliers, we believe that such materials are readily available from other sources. To date, we have experienced no significant difficulty in obtaining any of our raw materials or supplies. Currently, we also manufacture approximately 98 of the mats we place in service at our plant in Cave City, Arkansas. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 As of August 28, 2021, we employed approximately 14,000 persons, and approximately 1 of our United States employees are represented by a union pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our employee relations to be good. 
 Our success depends on our employee team partners. As a result, we strive to recruit, develop and retain talented team partners. We provide training to our team partners along with opportunities to advance. For example, our leadership development program provides leadership education, operational knowledge and hands-on business experience within the industrial laundry and facilities services industry and is designed to develop our future managers. 
 We also seek to promote a family culture and a culture of diversity and inclusion. We believe that promoting diversity and inclusion in our workforce is critical to our success and to the service of our customers. 
 In addition, we focus on the safety and well-being of our team partners. We provide safety training and personal protective equipment, which has been particularly important during the COVID-19 pandemic. We also provide our team partners with competitive healthcare, wellness and other benefits. 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 Our executive officers are as follows: 

NAME 

AGE 

POSITION 

Steven S. Sintros 

48 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Shane O Connor 

47 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Cynthia Croatti 

66 

Executive Vice President 

David A. DiFillippo 

64 

Executive Vice President, Operations 

David M. Katz 

58 

Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing 

Michael A. Croatti 

52 

Executive Vice President, Operations 

William M. Ross 

60 

Executive Vice President, Operations 

The principal occupation and positions for the past five years of our executive officers named above are as follows: 
 Steven S. Sintros joined our Company in 2004. Mr. Sintros is our President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director. He has had overall responsibility for management of our Company since July 2017. He previously served as our Chief Financial Officer from January 2009 until January 2018. Mr. Sintros served as a Finance Manager in 2004 and Corporate Controller from 2005 until January 2009. 
 3 

Shane O Connor joined our Company in 2005. Mr. O Connor is a n Executive Vice President and our Chief Financial Officer. He has had primary responsibility for overseeing the financial functions of our Company , as well as our information systems department , since January 2018. Mr. O Connor previously served as our Corporate Controller from 2009 to 2016. In 2016, he left the Company to take the role of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Unidine Corporation, a managed dining services company , and he then rejoined our Company in January 2018. 
 Cynthia Croatti joined our Company in 1980. Ms. Croatti is an Executive Vice President and her primary focus is on advancing key initiatives aimed at enhancing the Company s culture, branding, and long-term strategy. During her tenure at the Company, she previously had primary responsibility for overseeing the human resources and purchasing functions. Ms. Croatti has served as a Director since 1995 and previously served as Treasurer beginning in 1982. 
 David A. DiFillippo joined our Company in 1979. Mr. DiFillippo is an Executive Vice President, Operations and has had primary responsibility for overseeing the operations of certain regions in the United States and Canada since 2002. From 2000 through 2002, Mr. DiFillippo served as Vice President, Central Rental Group and, prior to 2000, he served as a Regional General Manager. 
 David M. Katz joined our Company in 2009. Mr. Katz is an Executive Vice President and has had primary responsibility for overseeing the sales and marketing functions since joining our Company. Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Katz worked for DHL Express where he served as the Northeast Vice President of Field Sales from 2003 to 2007, the Northeast Vice President of National Account Sales from 2007 to 2008 and the Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Northeast from 2008 until 2009. 
 Michael A. Croatti joined our Company in 1987. Mr. Croatti is an Executive Vice President, Operations and has had primary responsibility for overseeing specified regions in the United States and the Company s overall service operations since 2015. From 2012 through 2015, he served as Senior Vice President, Service from 2002 through 2012, he served as Vice President, Central Rental Group and prior to 2002, he held various operating positions within the Company. Michael A. Croatti is the nephew of Cynthia Croatti. 
 William M. Ross joined our Company in 1989. Mr. Ross is an Executive Vice President, Operations and has had primary responsibility for overseeing specified regions in the United States since 2016. From 2002 to 2016, Mr. Ross served as Regional Vice President of the Company. Prior to 2002, Mr. Ross held several sales and operations management positions at the Company. 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS 
 We, like our competitors, are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of hazardous wastes and other substances. In particular, industrial laundries currently use and must dispose of detergent waste water and other residues, and, in the past, used perchloroethylene and other dry cleaning solvents. We are attentive to the environmental concerns surrounding the disposal of these materials and have, through the years taken measures to avoid their improper disposal. We have settled, or contributed to the settlement of, past actions or claims brought against us relating to the disposal of hazardous materials at several sites and there can be no assurance that we will not have to expend material amounts to remediate the consequences of any such disposal in the future. Further, under environmental laws, an owner or lessee of real estate may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances located on, or in, or emanating from such property, as well as related costs of investigation and property damage. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or lessee knew of, or was responsible for the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. There can be no assurance that acquired or leased locations have been operated in compliance with environmental laws and regulations or that future uses or conditions will not result in the imposition of liability upon us under such laws or expose us to third-party actions such as tort suits. We continue to address environmental conditions under terms of consent orders negotiated with the applicable environmental authorities or otherwise with respect to certain sites. We routinely review and evaluate sites that may require remediation and monitoring and determine our estimated costs based on various estimates and assumptions. For a discussion of our accruals with respect to environmental liabilities and additional discussion regarding environmental matters, refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Refer also to the risk factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding environmental matters. 
 4 

Our nuclear garment decontamination facilities in the United States are licensed by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, or in certain cases, by the applicable state agency, and are subject to regulation by federal, state and local authorities. We also have nuclear garment decontamination facilities in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. These facilities are licensed and regulated by the respective country s applicable federal agency. In the past, scrutiny and regulation of nuclear facilities and related services have resulted in the suspension of operations at certain nuclear facilities served by us or disruptions in our ability to service such facilities. There can be no assurance that such scrutiny and regulation will not lead to the shut-down of such facilities or otherwise cause material disruptions in our garment decontamination business. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 We make available free of charge our Proxy Statement, Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). These reports are available on our website at www.unifirst.com . In addition, you may request a copy of our filings, excluding exhibits, by contacting our Investor Relations group at (978) 658-8888 or at UniFirst Corporation, 68 Jonspin Road, Wilmington, MA 01887. Information included on our website is not deemed to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or the documents incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In addition, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, and you may access any materials we file with the SEC through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 5 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The statements in this section, as well as statements described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or in other SEC filings, describe risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and the trading price of our securities. These risks are not the only risks that we face. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could also be materially affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. 
 SAFE HARBOR FOR FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K and any documents incorporated by reference may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any documents incorporated by reference are subject to the safe harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as estimates, anticipates, projects, plans, expects, intends, believes, seeks, could, should, may, will, strategy, objective, assume, strive, or the negative versions thereof, and similar expressions and by the context in which they are used. Such forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations and speak only as of the date made. Such statements are highly dependent upon a variety of risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, uncertainties caused by adverse economic conditions, including, without limitation, as a result of extraordinary events or circumstances such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and their impact on our customers businesses and workforce levels, disruptions of our business and operations, including limitations on, or closures of, our facilities, or the business and operations of our customers or suppliers in connection with extraordinary events or circumstances such as the COVID-19 pandemic, uncertainties regarding our ability to consummate and successfully integrate acquired businesses, uncertainties regarding any existing or newly-discovered expenses and liabilities related to environmental compliance and remediation, any adverse outcome of pending or future contingencies or claims, our ability to compete successfully without any significant degradation in our margin rates, seasonal and quarterly fluctuations in business levels, our ability to preserve positive labor relationships and avoid becoming the target of corporate labor unionization campaigns that could disrupt our business, the effect of currency fluctuations on our results of operations and financial condition, our dependence on third parties to supply us with raw materials, which such supply could be severely disrupted as a result of extraordinary events or circumstances such as the COVID-19 pandemic, any loss of key management or other personnel, increased costs as a result of any changes in federal or state laws, rules and regulations or governmental interpretation of such laws, rules and regulations, uncertainties regarding the price levels of natural gas, electricity, fuel and labor, the negative effect on our business from sharply depressed oil and natural gas prices, including, without limitation, as a result of extraordinary events or circumstances such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the continuing increase in domestic healthcare costs, increased workers compensation claim costs, increased healthcare claim costs, including as a result of extraordinary events or circumstances such as the COVID-19 pandemic, our ability to retain and grow our customer base, demand and prices for our products and services, fluctuations in our Specialty Garments business, political instability, supply chain disruption or infection among our employees in Mexico and Nicaragua where our principal garment manufacturing plants are located, including, without limitation, as a result of extraordinary events or circumstances such as the COVID-19 pandemic, our ability to properly and efficiently design, construct, implement and operate a new customer relationship management CRM computer system, interruptions or failures of our information technology systems, including as a result of cyber-attacks, additional professional and internal costs necessary for compliance with any changes in SEC, New York Stock Exchange and accounting rules, strikes and unemployment levels, our efforts to evaluate and potentially reduce internal costs, economic and other developments associated with the war on terrorism and its impact on the economy, the impact of foreign trade policies and tariffs or other impositions on imported goods on our business, results of operations and financial condition, general economic conditions, our ability to successfully implement our business strategies and processes, including our capital allocation strategies and the other factors described under Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which they are made. 
 RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS 
 We face intense competition within our industry, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The uniform rental and sales industry is highly competitive. The principal methods of competition in the industry are quality of products, quality of service and price. Our leading competitors include Cintas Corporation, Alsco and Aramark. The remainder of the market, however, is divided among more than 600 smaller businesses, many of which serve one or a limited number of markets or geographic service areas. In addition to our traditional rental competitors, we may increasingly 
 6 

compete in the future with businesses that focus on selling uniforms and other related items, including single-use disposable garments for use in the nuclear industry. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share, any of which could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We also compete with industry competitors for acquisitions, which has the effect of increasing the price for acquisitions and reducing the number of acquisition candidates available to us. If we pay higher prices for businesses we acquire, our returns on investment and profitability may be reduced. 
 Adverse economic and business conditions or geopolitical events, including public health events such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may affect our business and our customer base and negatively impact our sales and operating results. 
 We supply uniform services to many industries that have been in the past, and may be in the future, subject to adverse economic and business conditions resulting in shifting employment levels, workforce reductions, changes in worker productivity, uncertainty regarding the impacts of rehiring and shifts to offshore manufacturing. In addition, geopolitical conflicts, calamities or other events, including public health events such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may disrupt domestic and global business and financial markets and conditions. Adverse economic conditions, including a significant increase in inflation, could also adversely impact our business, including our operating margins. Any conditions or events that adversely affect our current customers or sales prospects may cause such customers or prospects to restrict expenditures, reduce workforces or even to cease to conduct their businesses. Any of these circumstances would have the effect of reducing the number of employees utilizing our uniform services, which adversely affects our sales and results of operations. 
 Our failure to implement successfully our acquisition strategy and to grow our business, due to the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, could adversely affect our ability to increase our revenues and could negatively impact our profitability. 
 As part of our growth strategy, we intend to continue to actively pursue additional acquisition opportunities. However, as discussed above, we compete with others within our industry for suitable acquisition candidates. This competition may increase the price for acquisitions and reduce the number of acquisition candidates available to us. As a result, our ability to acquire businesses in the future, and to acquire such businesses on favorable terms, may be limited. Even if we are able to acquire businesses on favorable terms, managing growth through acquisition is a difficult process that includes integration and training of personnel, combining plant and operating procedures and additional matters related to the integration of acquired businesses within our existing organization. Unanticipated issues related to integration may result in additional expense or in disruption to our operations, either of which could negatively impact our ability to achieve anticipated benefits. While we believe we will be able to fully integrate acquired businesses, we can give no assurance that we will be successful in this regard. 
 Growth of our business will likely require us to increase our work force, the scope of our operating and financial systems and the geographic area of our operations. We believe this growth will increase our operating complexity and the level of responsibility for both existing and new management personnel. Managing and sustaining our growth and expansion may require substantial enhancements to our operational and financial systems and controls, as well as additional administrative, operational and financial resources. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our expanding operations successfully, that any acquired business will perform as we expect, or that we will be able to maintain or accelerate our growth, and any failure to do so could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 In order to finance such acquisitions, we may need to obtain additional funds either through public or private financings, including bank and other secured and unsecured borrowings and the issuance of debt or equity securities. There can be no assurance that such financings would be available to us on reasonable terms or that any future issuances of securities in connection with acquisitions will not be dilutive to our shareholders. 
 If we are unable to preserve positive labor relationships or become the target of corporate labor unionization campaigns, the resulting labor unrest could disrupt our business by impairing our ability to produce and deliver our products. 
 As of August 28, 2021, we employ approximately 14,000 persons and approximately 1 of our United States employees are represented by a union pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement. Competitors within our industry have been the target of corporate unionization campaigns by multiple labor unions. While our management believes that our employee relations are good, we cannot assure you that we will not become the target of campaigns similar to those faced by our competitors. The potential for unionization could increase if the United States Congress passes federal card check legislation in the future. If we do encounter pressure from any labor unions in connection with our acquisitions of other businesses, any resulting labor unrest could disrupt our business by impairing our ability to produce and deliver our products. In addition, significant union representation would require us to negotiate wages, salaries, benefits and other terms with many of our employees collectively and could adversely affect our results of operations by increasing our labor costs or otherwise restricting our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations. 
 7 

We may incur unexpected cost increases due to rising healthcare costs, the Affordable Care Act and other labor costs. 
 In general, the cost of healthcare that we provide to our employees has grown over the last few years at a rate in excess of our revenue growth and, as a result, has negatively impacted our operating results. Moreover, it is generally expected that healthcare costs in the United States will increase over the coming years at rates in excess of inflation. In addition, we may incur significant healthcare costs if a significant number of our employees experience injury or illness, including in connection with public health emergencies such as the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, depending on the extent and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may be subject to significant increases in healthcare costs in the event that a significant number of our personnel become infected with COVID-19 and require medical treatment. As a result of these factors, and depending on the effect of any modifications we have made and may make in the future to our employee healthcare plans and enrollment levels in those plans, including as a result of the Affordable Care Act or any future legislation or regulation affecting the healthcare industry, we expect that our future operating results will continue to be further adversely impacted by increasing healthcare costs. 
 Federal, state and municipal governments are mandating increases to minimum wage and other employee benefits. In addition, we face wage pressure as the result of a low unemployment environment and increased competition in hiring. We have raised, and expect to continue to raise, our wage rates and benefits to reflect these changes, which has the effect of increasing our labor costs, which in turn adversely affects our results of operation and financial condition. Our failure to comply with these regulatory requirements would expose us to applicable penalties and increase the likelihood that we would be subject to unionization campaigns. Further mandates would require additional increases to our labor costs and adversely affect our operating margin. 
 Our failure to retain our current customers, renew our existing customer contracts and enter into customer contracts with new customers could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our success depends on our ability to retain our current customers, renew our existing customer contracts and obtain new customers. Our ability to do so generally depends on a variety of factors, including the quality, price and responsiveness of our services, as well as our ability to market these services effectively and to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. In addition, renewal rates and our ability to obtain new customers are generally adversely affected by difficult economic and business conditions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain new customers, renew existing customer contracts at the same or higher rates or that our current customers will not turn to competitors, cease operations or terminate contracts with us. Our failure to renew a significant number of our existing contracts would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and failure to obtain new customers could have an adverse effect on our growth and results of operations. 
 Increases in fuel and energy costs could adversely affect our operating costs. 
 The price of fuel and energy needed to run our vehicles and equipment is unpredictable and fluctuates based on events outside our control, including geopolitical developments, supply and demand for oil and gas, actions by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, or OPEC, and other oil and gas producers, war and unrest in oil producing countries, regional production patterns, limits on refining capacities, natural disasters, environmental concerns and public health emergencies, including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Any increase in fuel and energy costs could adversely affect our operating costs. 
 As a result of our significant presence in energy producing regions, a prolonged drop in energy prices could negatively impact our financial results. 
 We have a substantial number of plants and conduct a significant portion of our business in energy producing regions in the U.S. and Canada. In general, we are relatively more dependent on business in these regions than are many of our competitors. If a dramatic decrease in oil prices were to occur, it could impact our customers in the oil industry and cause those customers to curtail their level of operations, which could have a corresponding effect on our customers in businesses which service or supply the oil industry as well as our customers in unrelated businesses. As a result, our organic growth in periods following a dramatic decrease in oil prices could be negatively impacted by elevated headcount reductions in our wearer base as well as increased lost accounts. Recent volatility in energy prices has had and may continue to have a significant impact on wearer levels at existing customers in our North American energy-dependent markets. Our operating results are also directly impacted by the costs of the gasoline used to fuel our vehicles and the natural gas used to operate our plants. While it is difficult to quantify the positive and negative impacts on our future financial results from changes in energy prices, in general, we believe that significant decreases in oil and natural gas prices would have an overall negative impact on our results due to cutbacks by our customers both in, and dependent upon, the oil and natural gas industries, which would outweigh the benefits in our operating costs from lower energy costs. 
 8 

Fluctuations in the nuclear portion of our Specialty Garments segment, including the loss of key customers or a significant reduction in our business derived from key customers, could disproportionately impact our revenue and net income and create volatility in the price of our Common Stock. 
 Our nuclear decontamination business is affected by shut-downs, outages and clean-ups of the nuclear facilities we service. We are not able to control or predict with certainty when such shut-downs, outages and clean-ups will occur. In addition, our nuclear decontamination business tends to generate more revenue in the first and third fiscal quarters, which is when nuclear power plants typically schedule their plant outages and refuelings and thereby increase nuclear garment utilization. Moreover, a significant percentage of this segment s revenues are generated from a limited number of nuclear power plant operator customers. This concentration subjects this business to significant risks and may result in greater volatility in this segment s results of operations. Fluctuations in our nuclear decontamination business, including the loss of key customers of our Specialty Garments business, or a significant reduction in our business derived from such key customers, could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our international business results are influenced by currency fluctuations and other risks that could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 A portion of our sales is derived from international markets. Revenue denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar represented approximately 8.4 , 6.9 and 7.0 of total consolidated revenues for fiscal 2021, the fiscal year ended August 29, 2020 fiscal 2020 and the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 fiscal 2019 ), respectively. The operating results of our international subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars and such results are affected by movements in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. The strength of the U.S. dollar has generally increased recently as compared to other currencies, which has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our operating results as reported in U.S. dollars. In addition, a weaker Canadian dollar increases the costs to our Canadian operations of merchandise and other operational inputs that are sourced from outside Canada, which has the effect of reducing the operating margins of our Canadian business if we are unable to recover these additional costs through price adjustments with our Canadian customers. Our international operations are also subject to other risks, including the requirement to comply with changing and conflicting national and local regulatory requirements potential difficulties in staffing and labor disputes managing and obtaining support and distribution for local operations credit risk or financial condition of local customers potential imposition of restrictions on investments potentially adverse tax consequences, including imposition or increase of withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries foreign exchange controls and local political and social conditions. In addition, U.S. and foreign trade policies and tariffs and other impositions on imported goods may have a negative impact on our business. There can be no assurance that the foregoing factors will not have an adverse effect on our international operations or on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
 We own and operate manufacturing facilities in Mexico. Violence, crime and instability in Mexico has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our operations, including the hijacking of our trucks and the implementation of security measures to protect our employees. We are not insured against such criminal attacks and there can be no assurance that losses that could result from an attack on our trucks or our personnel would not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Operations in developing nations present several additional risks, including greater fluctuation in currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, economic and governmental instability, civil disturbances, volatility in gross domestic production, Foreign Corrupt Practice Act compliance issues and nationalization and expropriation of private assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our failure to properly and efficiently design, construct, implement and operate a new customer relationship management (CRM) computer system could materially disrupt our operations, adversely impact the servicing of our customers and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we initiated a multiyear CRM project to further develop, implement and deploy a third-party application we licensed. Our previous CRM systems project, which we terminated in 2018, did not result in the successful implementation of a CRM system. 
 We began deployment of our new CRM project during the third quarter of fiscal 2021, and the deployment is ongoing. This new system is intended to improve functionality, capability and information flow as well as increase automation in servicing our customers. The failure to properly, efficiently and economically complete, implement and operate a new system on a timely basis or at all could materially disrupt our operations, adversely impact the servicing of our customers and have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 9 

If our information technology systems suffer interruptions or failures, including as a result of cyber-attacks, our business operations could be disrupted or other material adverse impacts on our business could result . 
 Our information technology systems serve an important role in the efficient operation of our business. The failure of these information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, our information technology systems could be damaged or cease to function properly due to any number of causes, such as catastrophic events, power outages, security breaches, ransomware, computer viruses or cyber-based attacks. While we have contingency plans in place to prevent or mitigate the impact of these events, if such events were to occur and our disaster recovery plans do not effectively address the issues on a timely basis, we could suffer interruptions in our ability to manage our operations and service our customers, and we may be required to make a significant investment to fix or replace our information technology systems, each of which may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. In addition, if customer, employee or our proprietary information is compromised by a security breach or cyber-attack or other event, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, including as a result of remedial actions that we may be required to take, potential liabilities and penalties, loss of business and reputational damage. Our failure to properly respond to any such event could also result in exposure to liability. We are subject to numerous laws and regulations in the United States and internationally designed to protect the information of clients, customers, employees, and other third parties that we collect and maintain. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number. If we fail to comply with such laws or regulations, we may be subject to litigation, monetary damages, enforcement actions or fines in one or more jurisdictions, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We also rely on systems and applications provided by third-party vendors for certain information technology services. If these third-party vendors, or our suppliers or other vendors, experience service interruptions, security breaches, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, ransomware or other similar events, customer, employee or other proprietary information could be compromised and it could as a result or otherwise, have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business may be subject to seasonal and quarterly fluctuations. 
 Historically, our revenues and operating results have varied from quarter to quarter and are expected to continue to fluctuate in the future. In addition, our operating results historically have been seasonally lower during the second and fourth fiscal quarters than during the other quarters of the fiscal year. We incur various costs in integrating or establishing newly acquired businesses or start-up operations, and the profitability of a new location is generally expected to be lower in the initial period of its operation than in subsequent periods. Start-up operations in particular lack the support of an existing customer base and require a significantly longer period to develop sales opportunities and meet targeted operating results. 
 These factors, among others, may cause our results of operations in some future quarters to be below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, which could have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. 
 Loss of our key management or other personnel and our inability to hire qualified personnel could adversely impact our business. 
 Our success is largely dependent on the skills, experience and efforts of our senior management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer, and certain other key personnel. If, for any reason, one or more senior executives or key personnel were not to remain active in our Company, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our future success also depends upon our ability to attract and retain key employees. There is competition in the market for the services of such qualified personnel and hourly workers. In addition, we face wage pressure as the result of a low unemployment environment and increased competition in hiring. We have raised, and expect to continue to raise, our wage rates and benefits to reflect these changes, which has the effect of increasing our labor costs, which in turn adversely affects our results of operation and financial condition. Our failure to attract and retain such personnel or workers could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We depend on third parties to supply us with raw materials and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we are unable to obtain adequate raw materials in a timely manner. 
 We manufactured approximately 64 of all garments we placed in service during fiscal 2021. These were primarily work pants and shirts manufactured at three of our plants located in San Luis Potosi, Mexico, one plant located in Managua, Nicaragua, as well as at subcontract manufacturers that we utilize to supplement our manufacturing capacity in periods of high demand. The balance of the garments used in our programs are purchased from a variety of industry suppliers. While we currently acquire the raw materials with which we produce our garments from a limited number of suppliers, we believe that such materials are readily available from other sources. To date, we have experienced no significant difficulty in obtaining 
 10 

any of our raw materials or supplies. However, if we were to experience difficulty obtaining any of our raw materials from such suppliers and were unable to obtain new materials or supplies from other industry suppliers, or if the cost of obtaining such materials or supplies were to increase, including in any case as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, it could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Unexpected events could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Unexpected events, including, without limitation, fires at facilities, natural disasters as a result of climate change or otherwise, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, floods and tornados, public health emergencies, war or terrorist activities, unplanned utility outages, pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, supply disruptions, failure of equipment or information systems, temporary or long-term disruption of our computer systems, or changes in laws and/or regulations impacting our business, could adversely affect our operating results. These events could result in disruption of customer service, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities, the temporary closure of one or more key operating facilities or the temporary disruption of information systems. In addition, the destruction or temporary loss of our distribution facility in Owensboro, Kentucky would have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting material adverse economic conditions have had in the past, and may continue to have, a significant adverse impact on our business and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations in the future. 
 An outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) and its variants has occurred in a number of countries, including the United States, Canada, Mexico, Nicaragua and the European countries in which we operate. National, state and local governments have responded to the COVID-19 pandemic in a variety of ways, including, without limitation, by declaring states of emergency, restricting people from gathering in groups or interacting within a certain physical distance (i.e., social distancing), and in certain cases, ordering businesses to close or limit operations or to require unvaccinated people to stay at home. Although we have been permitted to continue to operate in all of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including in jurisdictions that have mandated the closure of certain businesses and we expect to be permitted to operate under any orders or other restrictions imposed by any government authorities in the future, there is no assurance that we will be permitted to operate under every future government order or other restriction and in every location. If we were to be subject to government orders or other restrictions on the operation of our business, we may be required to limit, or close, our operations at certain locations in the future. Any such limitations or closures could have a material adverse impact on our ability to service our customers and on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In particular, any limitations on, or closures of, our manufacturing facilities in Mexico or Nicaragua, or our distribution center in Owensboro, Kentucky, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to manufacture products and service customers and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruptions to our business and operations and could cause material disruptions to our business and operations in the future as a result of, among other things, quarantines, worker illness, worker absenteeism as a result of illness or other factors, social distancing measures and other travel, health-related, business or other restrictions. For similar reasons, the COVID-19 pandemic has also adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our suppliers and their manufacturers. Depending on the extent and duration of all of the above-described effects on our business and operations and the business and operations of our suppliers, our costs could continue to increase, including our costs to address the health and safety of personnel, our ability to obtain products or services from suppliers may continue to be adversely impacted, our ability to service certain customers could be adversely impacted and, as a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, depending on the extent and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may be subject to significant increases in healthcare costs in the event that a significant number of our personnel become infected with COVID-19 and require medical treatment. As a result, any significant increases in healthcare costs as a result of COVID-19 or otherwise could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has, at times, also resulted in material adverse economic conditions that have impacted, and may again impact, our business and the businesses of our suppliers and customers. Although the extent and duration of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations and the business and operations of our customers and suppliers remain uncertain, including as a result of the emergence of new variants of the virus and delays in the distribution and administration of various vaccines, particularly in certain geographic regions, the continued spread of COVID-19, the imposition of related public health measures and travel, health-related, business and other restrictions and the resulting material adverse economic conditions may materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The COVID-19 pandemic has also, at times, resulted in severe disruption and volatility in the financial 
 11 

markets, and the market price of our Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE has, at times, declined dramatically. Depending on the extent and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, the price of our Common Stock on the NYSE may experience volatility and declines. 
 We are controlled by our principal shareholders, and our other shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of shareholder voting. 
 As of October 22, 2021, to the Company s knowledge, the members of the Croatti family and other family members owned, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate approximately 3,643,009 shares of our Class B Common Stock, which represents approximately 19.3 of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of our Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, but approximately 70.5 of the combined voting power of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. To the Company s knowledge, the members of the Croatti family and other family members owned, directly or indirectly, a number of shares of Common Stock. As a result, the members of the Croatti family, acting with other family members, could effectively control most matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including the election of a majority of the directors. While historically the members of the Croatti family have individually voted their respective shares of Class B Common Stock in the same manner, there is no contractual understanding requiring this and there is no assurance that the family members will continue to individually vote their shares of Class B Common Stock in the same manner. This voting control by the members of the Croatti family, together with certain provisions of our by-laws and articles of organization, could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our Company that would otherwise be beneficial to our public shareholders. 
 LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
 The expenses we incur to comply with environmental regulations, including costs associated with potential environmental remediation, may prove to be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We, like our competitors, are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of hazardous wastes and other substances. In particular, industrial laundries currently use and must dispose of detergent waste water and other residues, and, in the past, used perchloroethylene and other dry cleaning solvents. We are attentive to the environmental concerns surrounding the disposal of these materials and have, through the years, taken measures to avoid their improper disposal. Over the years, we have settled, or contributed to the settlement of, past actions or claims brought against us relating to the disposal of hazardous materials at several sites and there can be no assurance that we will not have to expend material amounts to remediate the consequences of any such disposal in the future. Further, under environmental laws, an owner or lessee of real estate may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances located on, or in, or emanating from such property, as well as related costs of investigation and property damage. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or lessee knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. There can be no assurance that acquired or leased locations have been operated in compliance with environmental laws and regulations or that future uses or conditions will not result in the imposition of liability upon us under such laws or expose us to third-party actions such as tort suits. 
 We continue to address environmental conditions under terms of consent orders negotiated with the applicable environmental authorities or otherwise with respect to sites located in or related to certain sites. 
 We have accrued certain costs related to certain sites, including but not limited to, sites in Woburn and Somerville, Massachusetts, as it has been determined that the costs are probable and can be reasonably estimated. We have potential exposure related to a parcel of land (the Central Area related to a site in Woburn, Massachusetts. Currently, the consent decree for the Woburn site does not define or require any remediation work in the Central Area. The United States Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA has provided us and other signatories to the consent decree with comments on the design and implementation of groundwater and soil remedies at the Woburn site and investigation of environmental conditions in the Central Area. We, and other signatories, have implemented and proposed to do additional work at the Woburn site but many of the EPA s comments remain to be resolved. We have accrued costs to perform certain work responsive to the EPA s comments. Additionally, we have implemented mitigation measures and continue to monitor environmental conditions at a site in Somerville, Massachusetts. We have received, responded, and agreed to undertake additional actions responsive to notices received pertaining to a notice of audit findings from the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection concerning a regulatory submittal that we made in 2009 for a portion of the site. We have received demands from the local transit authority for reimbursement of certain costs associated with its construction of a new 
 12 

municipal transit station in the area of the Somerville site. This station is part of an ongoing extension of the transit system. We have reserved for costs in connection with this matter however, in light of the uncertainties associated with this matter, these costs and the related reserve may change. 
 On a quarterly basis, we assess each of our environmental sites to determine whether the costs of investigation and remediation of environmental conditions are probable and can be reasonably estimated as well as the adequacy of our accruals with respect to such costs. There can be no assurance that our accruals with respect to our environmental sites will be sufficient or that the costs of remediation and investigation will not substantially exceed our accruals as new facts, circumstances or estimates arise. 
 Our nuclear garment decontamination facilities are licensed by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, or in certain cases, by the applicable state agency, and are subject to regulation by federal, state and local authorities. We also have nuclear garment decontamination facilities in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. These facilities are licensed and regulated by the respective country s applicable federal agency. In the past, scrutiny and regulation of nuclear facilities and related services have resulted in the suspension of operations at certain nuclear facilities served by us or disruptions in our ability to service such facilities. There can be no assurance that such scrutiny and regulation will not lead to the shut-down of such facilities or otherwise cause material disruptions in our garment decontamination business. 
 In addition, our nuclear garment decontamination operations are subject to asset retirement obligations related to the decommissioning of our nuclear laundry facilities. We recognize as a liability the present value of the estimated future costs to decommission these facilities. The estimated liability is based on historical experience in decommissioning nuclear laundry facilities, estimated useful lives of the underlying assets, external vendor estimates as to the cost to decommission these assets in the future, and federal and state regulatory requirements. No assurances can be given that these accruals will be sufficient or that the costs of such decommissioning will not substantially exceed such accruals, as our facts, circumstances or estimates change, including changes in the Company s estimated useful lives of the underlying assets, estimated dates of decommissioning, changes in decommissioning costs, changes in federal or state regulatory guidance on the decommissioning of such facilities, or other changes in estimates. 
 In addition to contingencies and claims relating to environmental compliance matters, we may from time to time be subject to legal or regulatory proceedings and claims related to our business operations which may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 In addition to contingencies and claims relating to environmental compliance matters, we are subject from time to time to legal or regulatory proceedings, claims and disputes arising from the conduct of our business operations, including personal injury claims, customer contract matters and employment claims. Certain of these claims are typically not covered by our available insurance. In addition, claims occasionally result in significant investigation and litigation expenses and, if successful, may result in material losses to us. Certain claims may also result in significant adverse publicity against us. As a consequence, successful claims against us not covered by our available insurance coverage, or the impact of adverse publicity against us, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 Failure to comply with state and federal rules and regulations to which we are subject may result in penalties or costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business is subject to various state and federal rules and regulations, including employment laws and regulations, minimum wage requirements, overtime requirements, working condition requirements, citizenship requirements, healthcare insurance mandates, data protection requirements and other laws, rules and regulations, including those of the SEC and New York Stock Exchange and those relating to accounting. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in the ordinary course of our business in complying with the laws and regulations to which we are subject. Any appreciable increase in the statutory minimum wage rate, income or overtime pay, costs of complying with healthcare insurance mandates, changes in the requirements under the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended, changes in environmental compliance requirements, or changes to immigration laws and citizenship requirements would likely result in an increase in our labor costs and/or contribute to a shortage of available labor and such cost increase or labor shortage, or the penalties for failing to comply with such statutory minimums or regulations, could have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity and results of operations. The impact of any new laws, rules and regulations, or changes to laws, rules and regulations, cannot be predicted and could cause us to incur substantial compliance costs. Any failure to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations could result in substantial fines by government authorities, payment of damages to private litigants or possible revocation of our authority to conduct our operations, which could adversely affect our ability to service customers and our results of operations. 
 13 

Changes in or new interpretations of the governmental regulatory framework may affect our contract terms and may reduce our sales or profits. 
 A portion of our total consolidated revenues is derived from business with U.S. federal, state and local governments and agencies. Changes or new interpretations in, or changes in the enforcement of, the statutory or regulatory framework applicable to services provided under governmental contracts or bidding procedures could result in fewer new contracts or contract renewals, modifications to the methods we apply to price government contracts or in contract terms of shorter duration than we have historically experienced, any of which could result in lower sales or profits than we have historically achieved, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 Adverse global financial and economic conditions may result in impairment of our goodwill and intangibles. 
 Our market capitalization, from time to time, has experienced volatility due in part to turbulent economic conditions and disruption in the global equity and credit markets. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ), we may be required to record an impairment charge if changes in circumstances or events indicate that the carrying values of our goodwill and intangible assets exceed their fair value and are not recoverable. Any significant and other-than-temporary decrease in our market capitalization could be an indicator, when considered together with other factors, that the carrying values of our goodwill and intangible assets exceed their fair value, which may result in our recording an impairment charge. We are unable to predict economic trends, but we continue to monitor the impact of changes in economic and financial conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, on our operations and on the carrying value of our goodwill and intangible assets. Should the value of our acquired goodwill or one or more of our acquired intangibles become impaired, our consolidated earnings and net worth may be materially adversely affected. 
 The price of our Common Stock may be highly volatile, which could result in significant price declines. 
 The price of our Common Stock may experience significant volatility. Such volatility may be caused by fluctuations in our operating results, changes in earnings estimated by investment analysts, the number of shares of our Common Stock traded each day, the degree of success we achieve in implementing our business and growth strategies, changes in business or regulatory conditions affecting us, our customers or our competitors and other factors, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, the New York Stock Exchange historically has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated to, or disproportionate to, the operating performance of its listed companies. These fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions, may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 
 Our business could be adversely impacted if we have deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls over financial reporting. 
 The design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting, including new and revised financial and information technology-related controls that we have been designing, implementing and operating in connection with the deployment of our new CRM system, may not prevent all errors, misstatements or misrepresentations. While management will continue to review the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting, there can be no guarantee that our internal controls over financial reporting will be effective in accomplishing all control objectives all of the time. Deficiencies, including any material weakness, in our internal controls over financial reporting which may occur in the future could result in misstatements of our results of operations, restatements of our financial statements, a decline in our stock price, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 
 If we are unable to accurately predict our future tax liabilities or become subject to increased levels of taxation or our tax contingencies are unfavorably resolved, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 The rules dealing with U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. taxation are regularly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department and other taxing authorities. Changes to tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application) could adversely affect us or holders of our Common Stock. Any such tax laws, regulations, interpretations, or rulings could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. These changes could subject us to additional income taxes and non-income taxes (such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, digital tax, net worth, property, and goods and services taxes), which in turn could materially 
 14 

affect our financial position and results of operations. Additionally, new, changed, modified, or newly interpreted or applied tax laws could increase our customers and our compliance costs, operating and other costs, as well as the costs of our products. In recent years, many such changes have been made, and changes are likely to continue to occur in the future. As we expand the scale of our business activities, any changes in the U.S. and non-U.S. taxation of such activities may increase our effective tax rate and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 In addition, we are also subject to tax audits in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we do business, including, but not limited to, various states, as well as Canada and the Canadian provinces of Alberta, British Columbia, Ontario, Saskatchewan, Quebec and New Brunswick. These audits can be complicated and can require several years to resolve. The final resolution of any such tax audit could result in an increase in our income tax liabilities. Although we believe that our current tax provisions are reasonable and appropriate, there can be no assurance that these items will be settled for the amounts accrued, that additional tax exposures will not be identified in the future or that additional tax reserves will not be necessary for any such exposures. Any increase in the amount of taxes we owe as a result of challenges to our tax filing positions could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 As of August 28, 2021, we owned or leased approximately 250 facilities containing an aggregate of approximately 8.1 million square feet located in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe and Nicaragua. We owned 134 of these facilities, containing approximately 6.3 million square feet. These facilities include our 325,000 square foot Owensboro, Kentucky distribution center and almost all of our industrial laundry processing plants. We believe our industrial laundry facilities are among the most modern in the industry. 
 We own substantially all of the machinery and equipment used in our operations. We believe that our facilities and our production, cleaning and decontamination equipment have been well maintained and are adequate for our present needs. We also own a fleet of approximately 4,100 delivery vans, trucks and other vehicles. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are subject to legal proceedings and claims arising from the current conduct of our business operations, including personal injury, customer contract, employment claims and environmental matters as described in our Consolidated Financial Statements. We maintain insurance coverage providing indemnification against many of such claims, and we do not expect that we will sustain any material loss as a result thereof. 
 In addition, we, like our competitors, are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of hazardous wastes and other substances. In particular, industrial laundries currently use and must dispose of detergent waste water and other residues, and, in the past, have used perchloroethylene and other dry cleaning solvents. We have settled, or contributed to the settlement of, past actions or claims brought against us relating to the disposal of hazardous materials at several sites and there can be no assurance that we will not have to expend material amounts to remediate the consequences of any such disposal in the future. Further, under environmental laws, an owner or lessee of real estate may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances located on or in or emanating from such property, as well as related costs of investigation and property damage. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or lessee knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. There can be no assurance that our acquired or leased locations have been operated in compliance with environmental laws and regulations or that future uses or conditions will not result in the imposition of liability upon us under such laws or expose us to third-party actions such as tort suits. Refer to Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies , of our Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 
 15 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 COMMON STOCK INFORMATION 
 Our Common Stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol UNF , while our Class B Common Stock is not publicly traded. On July 8, 2021, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.25 per share of Common Stock and 0.20 per share of Class B Common Stock. Both dividends were paid on September 28, 2021 to shareholders of record as of September 7, 2021. On October 20, 2021, we announced that we would be raising our quarterly dividend to 0.30 per share for Common Stock and to 0.24 per share for Class B Common Stock. The amount and timing of any future dividend payment is subject to the approval of the Board of Directors each quarter. 
 
 The approximate number of shareholders of record of our Common Stock and Class B Common Stock as of October 22, 2021 was 57 and 42, respectively. We believe that the number of beneficial owners of our Common Stock is substantially greater than the number of record holders because a large portion of our Common Stock is held of record in broker street names . 
 
 The following table sets forth information concerning our equity compensation plans as of August 28, 2021: 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 

Number of securities 
 to be issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options, warrants 
 and rights (1) 

Weighted average 
 exercise price 
 of outstanding 
 options, warrants 
 and rights (2) 

Number of securities 
 remaining available 
 for future issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation plans 
 (excluding securities 
 referenced in 
 column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by 
 security holders 

488,732 

144.07 

251,713 

Equity compensation plans not approved by 
 security holders 

N/A 

Total 

488,732 

251,713 

(1) 
 
 Includes shares of Common Stock issuable upon vesting of restricted stock units. 

(2) 
 
 Restricted stock units are not included in the weighted-average exercise price calculation because there is no exercise price associated with restricted stock units. 

(a) Total 
 Number of 
 Shares of Stock 
 Purchased(1) 

(b) Average 
 Price Paid per 
 Share(1) 

(c) Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased as 
 Part of Publicly 
 Announced Plans 
 or Programs(1) 

(d) Maximum 
 Number (or 
 Approximate 
 Dollar Value) of 
 Shares that May 
 Yet be Purchased 
 Under the Plans 
 or Programs(1) 

May 30, 2021 - June 26, 2021 

38,203,005 

June 27, 2021 - July 24, 2021 

1,500 

214.91 

1,500 

37,880,611 

July 25, 2021 - August 28, 2021 

6,250 

218.58 

6,250 

36,514,345 

7,750 

7,750 

(1) 
 
 On January 2, 2019, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase from time to time up to 100.0 million of our outstanding shares of Common Stock. On October 18, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase from time to time up to 100.0 million of our outstanding shares of Common Stock, inclusive of the amount which remained available under the existing share repurchase program approved in January 2019. Repurchases made under the program, if any, will continue to be made in either the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including economic and market conditions, the trading price of our Common Stock, corporate liquidity requirements and priorities, applicable legal 

 16 

requirements and other factors. The share repurchase program has been funded to date using our available cash and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The graph below compares the cumulative five-year total return on UniFirst Corporation's Common Stock with the Russell 2000 Index and a customized peer group of three companies that includes: Aramark, Cintas Corporation and Rollins, Inc. The graph assumes an investment of 100 in each of UniFirst Corporation s Common Stock, the Russell 2000 Index, and the performance through August 31, 2021, assuming the reinvestment of dividends. 

17 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 18 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Business Overview 
 UniFirst Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, hereunder referred to as we , our , the Company , or UniFirst , is one of the largest providers of workplace uniforms and protective work wear clothing in the United States. We design, manufacture, personalize, rent, clean, deliver, and sell a wide range of uniforms and protective clothing, including shirts, pants, jackets, coveralls, lab coats, smocks, aprons and specialized protective wear, such as flame resistant and high visibility garments. We also rent and sell industrial wiping products, floor mats, facility service products and other non-garment items, and provide restroom and cleaning supplies and first aid cabinet services and other safety supplies as well as provide certain safety training, to a variety of manufacturers, retailers and service companies. 
 We serve businesses of all sizes in numerous industry categories. Typical customers include automobile service centers and dealers, delivery services, food and general merchandise retailers, food processors and service operations, light manufacturers, maintenance facilities, restaurants, service companies, soft and durable goods wholesalers, transportation companies, healthcare providers, and others who require employee clothing for image, identification, protection or utility purposes. We also provide our customers with restroom and cleaning supplies, including air fresheners, paper products, gloves, masks, hand soaps and sanitizers. 
 At certain specialized facilities, we also decontaminate and clean work clothes and other items that may have been exposed to radioactive materials and service special cleanroom protective wear and facilities. Typical customers for these specialized services include government agencies, research and development laboratories, high technology companies and utilities operating nuclear reactors. 
 Headquartered in Wilmington, Massachusetts, we are a North American leader in the supply and servicing of uniform and workwear programs, as well as the delivery of facility service programs. Together with our subsidiaries, we also provide first aid and safety products, and manage specialized garment programs for the cleanroom and nuclear industries. We manufacture our own branded workwear, protective clothing, and floorcare products, as well as offer products from industry leading suppliers and with 260 service locations, over 300,000 customer locations, and 14,000 employee Team Partners, we outfit more than 2 million workers each business day. 
 U.S. GAAP establishes standards for reporting information regarding operating segments in annual financial statements and requires selected information of those segments to be presented in interim financial reports issued to shareholders. Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise for which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision-maker, or decision-making group, in making decisions on how to allocate resources and assess performance. Our chief operating decision-maker is our Chief Executive Officer. We have six operating segments based on the information reviewed by our Chief Executive Officer: U.S. Rental and Cleaning, Canadian Rental and Cleaning, Manufacturing MFG ), Specialty Garments Rental and Cleaning Specialty Garments ), First Aid and Corporate. The U.S. Rental and Cleaning and Canadian Rental and Cleaning operating segments have been combined to form the U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning reporting segment. Refer to Note 15, Segment Reporting , of our Consolidated Financial Statements for our disclosure of segment information. 
 The U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning reporting segment purchases, rents, cleans, delivers and sells, uniforms and protective clothing and non-garment items in the United States and Canada. The operations of the U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning reporting segment are referred to by us as our industrial laundry operations and we refer to the locations related to this reporting segment as our industrial laundries . 
 The MFG operating segment designs and manufactures uniforms and non-garment items primarily for the purpose of providing these goods to the U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning reporting segment. The amounts reflected as revenues of MFG are primarily generated when goods are shipped from our manufacturing facilities, or subcontract manufacturers, to our other locations. These intercompany revenues are recorded at a transfer price which is typically in excess of the actual manufacturing cost. Products are carried in inventory and subsequently placed in service and amortized at this transfer price. On a consolidated basis, intercompany MFG revenues and MFG income are eliminated and the carrying value of inventories and rental merchandise in service is reduced to the manufacturing cost. Income before income taxes from MFG, net of the intercompany MFG elimination, offsets the merchandise amortization costs incurred by the U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning reporting segment as the merchandise costs of this reporting segment are amortized and recognized based on inventories purchased from MFG at the transfer price which is above our manufacturing cost. 
 19 

The Corporate operating segment consists of costs associated with our distribution center, sales and marketing, information systems, engineering, materials management, manufacturing planning, finance, budgeting, human resources, other general and administrative costs and interest expense. The revenues generated from the Corporate operating segment represent certain direct sales made directly from our distribution center. The products sold by this operating segment are the same products rented and sold by the U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning reporting segment. In the segment disclosures in Note 15, Segment Reporting , of our Consolidated Financial Statements, no assets or capital expenditures are presented for the Corporate operating segment as no assets are allocated to this operating segment in the information reviewed by our chief executive officer. However, depreciation and amortization expense related to certain assets are reflected in income from operations and income before income taxes for the Corporate operating segment. The assets that give rise to this depreciation and amortization are included in the total assets of the U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning reporting segment as this is how they are tracked and reviewed by us. 
 We refer to our U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning, MFG, and Corporate segments combined as our Core Laundry Operations . 
 The Specialty Garments operating segment purchases, rents, cleans, delivers and sells, specialty garments and non-garment items primarily for nuclear and cleanroom applications and provides cleanroom cleaning services at limited customer locations. The First Aid operating segment sells first aid cabinet services and other safety supplies as well as maintains wholesale distribution and pill packaging operations. 
 Approximately 88.5 of our revenues in fiscal 2021 were derived from U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning and Corporate. A key driver of this business is the number of workers employed by our customers. Our revenues are directly impacted by fluctuations in these employment levels. Revenues from Specialty Garments, which accounted for approximately 8.0 of our fiscal 2021 revenues, increase during outages and refueling by nuclear power plants, as garment usage increases at these times. First Aid represented approximately 3.5 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We believe the following critical accounting policies reflect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Use of Estimates 
 We prepare our financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements and accompanying notes. We utilize key estimates in preparing the financial statements, including casualty and environmental estimates, recoverability of goodwill, intangibles, income taxes and long-lived assets. These estimates are based on historical information, current trends, and information available from other sources. Our results are affected by economic, political, legislative, regulatory and legal actions. Economic conditions, such as recessionary trends, inflation, interest and monetary exchange rates, government fiscal policies, government policies surrounding the containment of COVID-19 and changes in the prices of raw materials, can have a significant effect on operations. These factors and other events could cause actual results to differ from management's estimates. 
 Revenue Recognition and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 We recognize revenue from rental operations and related services in the period in which the services are provided. Direct sale revenue is recognized in the period in which the services are performed or when the product is shipped. Our judgment and estimates are used in determining the collectability of accounts receivable and evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts as well as our sales credits reserve. We consider specific accounts receivable and historical bad debt experience, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and the age of outstanding balances as part of our evaluation in assessing the allowance for doubtful accounts. We consider our historical credit experience in assessing the sales credits reserve. Changes in our estimates are reflected in the period they become known. If the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. Material changes in our estimates may result in significant differences in the amount and timing of bad debt expense recognition for any given period. Our revenues do not include taxes we collect from our customers and remit to governmental authorities. 
 20 

Costs to Obtain a Contract 
 We defer commission expenses paid to employee-partners when the commissions are deemed to be incremental for obtaining the route servicing customer contract. The deferred commissions are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected period of benefit, which is generally the estimated life of the customer relationship. We review the deferred commission balances for impairment on an ongoing basis. Deferred commissions are classified as current or noncurrent based on the timing of when we expect to recognize the expense. The current portion is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and the non-current portion is included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. As of August 28, 2021, the current and non-current assets related to deferred commissions totaled 14.2 million and 60.6 million, respectively. As of August 29, 2020, the current and non-current assets related to deferred commissions totaled 13.3 million and 55.6 million, respectively. During fiscal 2021 and 2020, we recorded 14.4 million and 13.7 million, respectively, of amortization expense related to deferred commissions. This expense is classified in selling and administrative expenses on our consolidated statements of income. 
 Inventories and Rental Merchandise in Service 
 Our inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, net of any reserve for excess and obsolete inventory. Judgments and estimates are used in determining the likelihood that new goods on hand can be sold to our customers or used in our rental operations. Historical inventory usage and current revenue trends are considered in estimating both excess and obsolete inventories. If actual product demand and market conditions are less favorable than the amount we projected, additional inventory write-downs may be required. We use the first-in, first-out method to value our inventories, which primarily consist of finished goods. Rental merchandise in service is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated service lives of the merchandise, which range from six to thirty-six months. In establishing estimated lives for merchandise in service, our management considers historical experience and the intended use of the merchandise. Material differences may result in the amount and timing of operating profit for any period if we make significant changes to our estimates. 
 Goodwill, Intangibles and Other Long-Lived Assets 
 In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we do not amortize goodwill. Instead, we test goodwill at the reporting unit level for impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests if events and circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Our evaluation considers changes in the operating environment, competitive information, market trends, operating performance and cash flow modeling. 
 We completed our annual goodwill impairment test as of the first day of the fourth quarter in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 and the last day of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. There have been no impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets in fiscal 2021, 2020 or 2019. 
 We cannot predict future economic conditions and their impact on the Company or the future net realizable value of our stock. A decline in our market capitalization and/or deterioration in general economic conditions could negatively and materially impact our assumptions and assessment of the fair value of our business. If general economic conditions or our financial performance deteriorate, we may be required to record a goodwill impairment charge in the future which could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Property, plant and equipment, and definite-lived intangible assets are depreciated or amortized over their useful lives. Useful lives are based on our estimates of the period that the assets will generate economic benefits. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate an asset may be impaired. There were no material impairments of long-lived assets in fiscal 2021, 2020 or 2019. 
 Insurance 
 We self-insure for certain obligations related to healthcare, workers compensation, vehicles and general liability programs. We also purchase stop-loss insurance policies for workers compensation, vehicles and general liability programs to protect ourselves from catastrophic losses. Judgments and estimates are used in determining the potential value associated with reported claims and for events that have occurred but have not been reported. Our estimates consider historical claim experience and other factors. Our liabilities are based on our estimates, and, while we believe that our accruals are adequate, the ultimate liability may be significantly different from the amounts recorded. In certain cases where partial insurance coverage exists, we must estimate the portion of the liability that will be covered by existing insurance policies to arrive at our net expected liability. Receivables for insurance recoveries are recorded as assets, on an undiscounted basis. Changes in our claim experience, our ability to settle claims or other estimates and judgments we use could have a material impact on the amount and timing of expense for any given period. 
 21 

Environmental and Other Contingencies 
 We are subject to legal proceedings and claims arising from the conduct of our business operations, including environmental matters, personal injury, customer contract matters and employment claims. U.S. GAAP requires that a liability for contingencies be recorded when it is probable that a liability has occurred, and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to determine the existence of a liability, as well as the amount to be recorded. We regularly consult with our attorneys and outside consultants, in our consideration of the relevant facts and circumstances, before recording a contingent liability. We record accruals for environmental and other contingencies based on enacted laws, regulatory orders or decrees, our estimates of costs, insurance proceeds, participation by other parties, the timing of payments, and the input of our attorneys and outside consultants. 
 The estimated liability for environmental contingencies has been discounted as of August 28, 2021 using risk-free interest rates ranging from 1.31 to 1.91 over periods ranging from ten to thirty years. The estimated current costs, net of legal settlements with insurance carriers, have been adjusted for the estimated impact of inflation at 3.0 per year. Changes in enacted laws, regulatory orders or decrees, our estimates of costs, risk-free interest rates, insurance proceeds, participation by other parties, the timing of payments, the input of our attorneys and outside consultants or other factual circumstances could have a material impact on the amounts recorded for our environmental and other contingent liabilities. Refer to Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies , of our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion and analysis. 
 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 Under U.S. GAAP, asset retirement obligations generally apply to legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction, development and/or the normal operation of a long-lived asset. Current accounting guidance requires that we recognize asset retirement obligations in the period in which they are incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. The associated asset retirement costs are capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset. 
 We have recognized as a liability the present value of the estimated future costs to decommission our nuclear laundry facilities in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We depreciate, on a straight-line basis, the amount added to property, plant and equipment and recognize accretion expense in connection with the discounted liability over the various remaining lives which range from approximately one to twenty-five years. 
 Our estimated liability has been based on historical experience in decommissioning nuclear laundry facilities, estimated useful lives of the underlying assets, external vendor estimates as to the cost to decommission these assets in the future, and federal and state regulatory requirements. The estimated current costs have been adjusted for the estimated impact of inflation at 3 per year. The liability has been discounted using credit-adjusted risk-free rates that range from approximately 7.0 to 7.5 . Revisions to the liability could occur due to changes in the estimated useful lives of the underlying assets, estimated dates of decommissioning, changes in decommissioning costs, changes in federal or state regulatory guidance on the decommissioning of such facilities, or other changes in estimates. Changes due to revisions in our estimates are recognized by adjusting the carrying amount of the liability and the related long-lived asset if the assets are still in service or charged to expense in the period if the assets are no longer in service. 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan and other Pension Plans 
 We recognize pension expense on an accrual basis over our employees estimated service periods. Pension expense is generally independent of funding decisions or requirements. 
 The calculation of pension expense and the corresponding liability requires us to use a number of critical assumptions, including the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, the assumed discount rate, the assumed rate of compensation increases and life expectancy of participants. Changes in our assumptions can result in different expense and liability amounts, and future actual expense can differ from these assumptions. Pension expense increases as the expected rate of return on pension plan assets decreases. Future changes in plan asset returns, assumed discount rates and various other factors related to the participants in our pension plans will impact our future pension expense and liabilities. We cannot predict with certainty what these factors will be in the future. 
 22 

Income Taxes 
 We compute income tax expense by jurisdiction based on our operations in each jurisdiction. Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary differences between the amounts recognized for income tax and financial reporting purposes at currently enacted tax rates. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined by the differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. See Note 4, Income Taxes of our Consolidated Financial Statements for the types of items that give rise to significant deferred income tax assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes are classified as assets or liabilities based on the classification of the related asset or liability for financial reporting purposes. We regularly review deferred tax assets for recoverability based upon projected future taxable income and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. Although realization is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that the recorded deferred tax assets will be realized. 
 We are periodically reviewed by U.S. domestic and foreign tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews typically include inquiries regarding the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposure associated with various filing positions, we record estimated reserves . Refer to Note 4, Income Taxes , of our Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion regarding our accounting for income taxes and our uncertain tax positions for financial accounting purposes. 
 COVID-19 Assessment 
 The outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) continues to impact a number of countries, including the United States, Canada, Mexico, Nicaragua and the European countries in which we operate. Developments continue to occur rapidly with respect to the spread of COVID-19 and its variants, and their impact on human health and businesses. New and changing government actions to address the COVID-19 pandemic continue to occur on a daily basis. Our revenues in the first half of fiscal 2021 were significantly adversely impacted as a result of many customers closing their businesses or operating at limited capacities. Although many of our customers have reopened or increased their operating levels as government restrictions have begun to be lifted, our sales to many such customers are below their pre-pandemic levels and may not return to such pre-pandemic levels. In addition, although many of our customers reopened or increased their operating levels, such customers may again be forced to close or limit operations as any new COVID-19 outbreaks occur. Any such closures or reductions in operating levels could have a significant adverse impact on our business. At times during the pandemic, we have also experienced supply chain disruptions with respect to certain products, including hand sanitizer and masks. Such disruptions continue to occur, but have moderated to some extent more recently. 
 We remain focused on the safety and well-being of our team partners and on the service of our customers. We will continue to review and assess the rapidly-changing COVID-19 pandemic and its impacts on our team partners, our customers, our suppliers and our business so that we can seek to address the impacts on our business and service our customers. 
 We have assessed the current impact of COVID-19 on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, as well as our estimates and accounting policies. We have made additional disclosures of these assessments, as necessary. Given the unprecedented nature of this situation, including the emergence of new variants of the virus and delays in the distribution and administration of various vaccines, particularly in certain geographic regions, we cannot reasonably estimate the full extent or duration of the impact COVID-19 will have on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows in the foreseeable future. The ultimate impact of COVID-19 on the Company is highly uncertain and will depend on future developments, and such impacts could exist for an extended period of time, even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides. 
 As of August 28, 2021, our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments were 512.9 million. We also have access to significant borrowing capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facility, which we believe, together with our cash balances, will continue to help us manage the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and address related liquidity needs. 
 Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for an additional discussion of risks and potential risks of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 23 

Results of Operations 
 The following table presents certain selected financial data, including the percentage of revenues represented by each item, for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

Change 

(In thousands, except for percentages) 

Fiscal 
 2021 

of 
 Revenues 

Fiscal 
 2020 

of 
 Revenues 

Fiscal 
 2019 

of 
 Revenues 

Fiscal 2021 
 vs. 
 Fiscal 2020 

Fiscal 2020 
 vs. 
 Fiscal 2019 

Revenues 

1,826,216 

100.0 

1,804,159 

100.0 

1,809,376 

100.0 

1.2 

-0.3 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenue (1) 

1,141,275 

62.5 

1,164,932 

64.6 

1,139,195 

63.0 

(2.0 

2.3 

Selling and administrative 
 expenses (1) 

383,161 

21.0 

361,801 

20.1 

334,840 

18.5 

5.9 

8.1 

Depreciation and amortization 

105,955 

5.8 

104,697 

5.8 

103,333 

5.7 

1.2 

1.3 

1,630,391 

89.3 

1,631,430 

90.4 

1,577,368 

87.2 

(0.1 

3.4 

Operating income 

195,825 

10.7 

172,729 

9.6 

232,008 

12.8 

13.4 

(25.6 

Other income, net 

(1,046 

(0.1 

(5,159 

(0.3 

(5,916 

(0.3 

(79.7 

(12.8 

Income before income taxes 

196,871 

10.8 

177,888 

9.9 

237,924 

13.1 

10.7 

(25.2 

Provision for income taxes 

45,760 

2.5 

42,118 

2.3 

58,790 

3.2 

8.6 

(28.4 

Net income 

151,111 

8.3 

135,770 

7.5 

179,134 

9.9 

11.3 

(24.2 

(1) 
 
 Exclusive of depreciation on our property, plant and equipment and amortization of our intangible assets. 

 Revenues and income (loss) from operations by reporting segment for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 are presented in the following table. Refer to Note 15, Segment Reporting , of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our reporting segments. 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

(In thousands) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Segment Information 

Revenues 

US and Canadian Rental and Cleaning 

1,580,850 

1,552,179 

1,582,416 

MFG 

264,021 

214,683 

254,218 

Net intercompany MFG elimination 

(264,021 

(214,683 

(254,111 

Corporate 

34,710 

49,306 

33,682 

Subtotal: Core Laundry Operations 

1,615,560 

1,601,485 

1,616,205 

Specialty Garments 

145,454 

133,185 

132,767 

First Aid 

65,202 

69,489 

60,404 

Total consolidated revenues 

1,826,216 

1,804,159 

1,809,376 

Operating income (loss) 

US and Canadian Rental and Cleaning 

290,774 

247,392 

235,046 

MFG 

73,579 

64,097 

84,248 

Net intercompany MFG elimination 

(283 

10,012 

1,128 

Corporate 

(192,353 

(171,514 

(107,468 

Subtotal: Core Laundry Operations 

171,717 

149,987 

212,954 

Specialty Garments 

24,801 

17,845 

14,145 

First Aid 

(693 

4,897 

4,909 

Total operating income 

195,825 

172,729 

232,008 

24 

General 
 We derive our revenues through the design, manufacture, personalization, rental, cleaning, delivering, and selling of a wide range of uniforms and protective clothing, including shirts, pants, jackets, coveralls, lab coats, smocks and aprons and specialized protective wear, such as flame resistant and high visibility garments. We also rent industrial wiping products, floor mats, facility service products, other non-garment items, and provide restroom and cleaning supplies and first aid cabinet services and other safety supplies, to a variety of manufacturers, retailers and service companies. 
 Cost of revenues include the amortization of rental merchandise in service and merchandise costs related to direct sales as well as labor and other production, service and delivery costs, and distribution costs associated with operating our Core Laundry Operations, Specialty Garments facilities, and First Aid locations. Selling and administrative costs include costs related to our sales and marketing functions as well as general and administrative costs associated with our corporate offices, non-operating environmental sites and operating locations including information systems, engineering, materials management, manufacturing planning, finance, budgeting, and human resources. 
 We have a substantial number of plants and conduct a significant portion of our business in energy producing regions in the U.S. and Canada. In general, we are relatively more dependent on business in these regions than are many of our competitors. Recent volatility in energy prices has had and may continue to have a significant impact on wearer levels at existing customers in our North American energy-dependent markets. Our operating results are also directly impacted by the costs of the gasoline used to fuel our vehicles and the natural gas used to operate our plants. While it is difficult to quantify the positive and negative impacts on our future financial results from changes in energy prices, in general, we believe that significant decreases in oil and natural gas prices would have an overall negative impact on our results due to cutbacks by our customers both in, and dependent upon, the oil and natural gas industries, which would outweigh the benefits in our operating costs from lower energy costs. 
 Our business is subject to various state and federal regulations, including employment laws and regulations, minimum wage requirements, overtime requirements, working condition requirements, citizenship requirements, healthcare insurance mandates and other laws and regulations that impact our labor costs. Labor costs have increased recently as a result of increases in state and local minimum wage levels as well as the overall impact of wage pressure as the result of a low unemployment environment. 
 A portion of our sales is derived from international markets, including Canada. Revenues denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar represented approximately 8.4 , 6.9 and 7.0 of total consolidated revenues for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The operating results of our international subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars and such results are affected by movements in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. In addition, a weaker Canadian dollar increases the costs to our Canadian operations of merchandise and other operational inputs that are sourced from outside Canada, which has the effect of reducing the operating margins of our Canadian business if we are unable to recover these additional costs through price adjustments with our Canadian customers. In fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, foreign currency fluctuations impacted our consolidated revenues negatively by 0.5 , 0.1 and 0.3 , respectively. These impacts were primarily driven by fluctuations in the Canadian dollar. Our operating results in future years could be negatively impacted by any further devaluation, as compared to the U.S. dollar, of the Canadian dollar or any of the currencies of the other countries in which we operate. 
 
 On October 23, 2019, we announced that we would be raising our quarterly dividend to 0.25 per share for Common Stock and to 0.20 per share for Class B Common Stock, from 0.1125 and 0.09 per share, respectively. On October 20, 2021, we announced that we would be raising our quarterly dividend to 0.30 per share for Common Stock and to 0.24 per share for Class B Common Stock. The amount and timing of any future dividend payment is subject to the approval of the Board of Directors each quarter. 
 
 On January 2, 2019, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase from time to time up to 100.0 million of its outstanding shares of Common Stock. The share repurchase program has been funded with available cash. During fiscal 2021, we repurchased 0.1 million shares for an average price per share of 184.13. During fiscal 2020, we repurchased 0.1 million shares for an average price per share of 184.67. During fiscal 2019, we repurchased 0.2 million shares for an average price per share of 154.78. 
 
 On October 18, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program to repurchase from time to time up to 100.0 million of our outstanding shares of Common Stock, inclusive of the amount which remained available under the existing share repurchase program approved on January 2, 2019. Repurchases made under the program, if any, will be made 
 25 

in either the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including economic and market conditions, the Company stock price, corporate liquidity requirements and priorities, applicable legal requirements and other factors. The share repurchase program may be funded using available cash or capacity under our 2021 Credit Agreement (as defined below) and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 During fiscal 2017, we recorded a pre-tax non-cash impairment charge of 55.8 million once it was determined that it was not probable that the version of the CRM system that was being developed would be completed and placed into service. On December 28, 2018, we entered into a settlement agreement with our lead contractor for the version of the CRM system with respect to which we recorded the impairment charge. As part of the settlement agreement, we recorded in the second quarter ended February 23, 2019 a total gain of 21.1 million as a reduction of selling and administrative expenses, which includes our receipt of a one-time cash payment in the amount of 13.0 million as well as the forgiveness of amounts previously due the contractor. We also received hardware and related maintenance service with a fair value of 0.8 million as part of the settlement. 
 In fiscal 2018, we initiated a multiyear CRM project to further develop, implement and deploy a third-party application we licensed. This new solution is intended to improve functionality, capability and information flow as well as increase automation in servicing our customers. As of August 28, 2021, we have capitalized 34.2 million related to our new CRM project. We began deployment of our new CRM project during the second half of fiscal 2021 and anticipate this will continue through fiscal 2022 and 2023. We are depreciating this system over a 10-year life and recognized 1.4 million of amortization expense in fiscal 2021. 
 Our fiscal year ends on the last Saturday in August. For financial reporting purposes fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 both consisted of 52 weeks and fiscal 2019 consisted of 53 weeks. 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 28, 2021 Compared with Fiscal Year Ended August 29, 2020 
 Revenues 

Fiscal 
 2021 

Fiscal 
 2020 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Core Laundry Operations 

1,615,560 

1,601,485 

14,075 

0.9 

Specialty Garments 

145,454 

133,185 

12,269 

9.2 

First Aid 

65,202 

69,489 

(4,287 

(6.2 

Total consolidated revenues 

1,826,216 

1,804,159 

22,057 

1.2 

The increase in our consolidated revenues in fiscal 2021 compared to the prior fiscal year was primarily driven by the significant adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our consolidated revenues in fiscal 2020, including from COVID-19-related customer closures as well as related wearer reductions at customers that remained open. The impact on the prior fiscal year was partially offset by a large direct sale of 20.1 million. 
 The Specialty Garments segment s results are often affected by seasonality and the timing and length of its customers power reactor outages as well as its project-based activities. The improvement in revenues in fiscal 2021 compared to the prior fiscal year was due primarily to growth in our cleanroom operations and our European nuclear operations. 
 The decrease in our First Aid revenues in fiscal 2021 compared to the prior fiscal year was due primarily to reduced sales from the segment s wholesale distribution business coming off of an exceptionally strong year in fiscal 2020 driven by increased demand for the segment s safety and personal protective equipment offerings as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic in fiscal 2020, which were partially offset by increased sales in our van business in fiscal 2021. 
 Cost of revenues 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

Cost of revenues 

1,141,275 

1,164,932 

(23,657 

(2.0 

of Revenues 

62.5 

64.6 

26 

Core Laundry Operations cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues in fiscal 202 1 de creased from the prior fiscal year. This de crease was d ue to a decrease in casualty claims expense in fiscal 2021 as well as a number of items affecting our prior fiscal year , including the impact of the decline in our rental revenues on our cost structure, higher cost of revenues related to the large 20.1 million direct sale in the prior fiscal year and additional costs we incurred responding to the COVID-19 pandemic. These decreases were partially offset by increased healthcare claims and incentive-based compensation expense in fiscal 2021. 
 Our Specialty Garments cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues decreased in fiscal 2021 as compared to the prior fiscal year due primarily to lower merchandise costs as a percentage of revenue. 
 Selling and administrative expenses 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

Selling and administrative expenses 

383,161 

361,801 

21,360 

5.9 

of Revenues 

21.0 

20.1 

The increase in our selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues in fiscal 2021 compared to the prior fiscal year was due primarily to increases in healthcare claims costs, incentive-based compensation expense and legal and environmental related expenses. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

Depreciation and amortization 

105,955 

104,697 

1,258 

1.2 

of Revenues 

5.8 

5.8 

Depreciation and amortization expense increased in fiscal 2021 as compared to the prior fiscal year due primarily to continued investment in our infrastructure as well as our key technology initiatives. The higher expense includes amortization of 1.4 million for our new CRM project that we began to deploy in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. 
 Income from operations 
 For fiscal 2021, the changes in revenues in our Core Laundry Operations, Specialty Garments and First Aid segments, as well as the changes in our costs discussed above, resulted in the following changes in our income from operations: 

Fiscal 
 2021 

Fiscal 
 2020 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Core Laundry Operations 

171,717 

149,987 

21,730 

14.5 

Specialty Garments 

24,801 

17,845 

6,956 

39.0 

First Aid 

(693 

4,897 

(5,590 

(114.2 

Total consolidated income from operations 

195,825 

172,729 

23,096 

13.4 

Percentage of total revenues 

10.7 

9.6 

Other income, net 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

Interest income, net 

(2,568 

(6,382 

3,814 

(59.8 

Other expense, net 

1,522 

1,223 

299 

24.4 

Total other income, net 

(1,046 

(5,159 

4,113 

(79.7 

27 

The decrease in other income, net, during fiscal 202 1 as compared to the prior fiscal year was due primarily to lower interest income from declining interest rates and lower foreign currency exchange gains. 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

Provision for income taxes 

45,760 

42,118 

3,642 

8.6 

Effective income tax rate 

23.2 

23.7 

The decrease in our effective tax rate was primarily due to an increase in excess tax benefits from share-based compensation in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 29, 2020 Compared with Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2019 
 Revenues 

Fiscal 
 2020 

Fiscal 
 2019 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Core Laundry Operations 

1,601,485 

1,616,205 

(14,720 

(0.9 

Specialty Garments 

133,185 

132,767 

418 

0.3 

First Aid 

69,489 

60,404 

9,085 

15.0 

Total consolidated revenues 

1,804,159 

1,809,376 

(5,217 

(0.3 

The decrease in our consolidated revenues in fiscal 2020 compared to the prior fiscal year was due primarily to a decline in our Core Laundry Operations. Of this decline, 1.9 was due to the extra week in fiscal 2019. Also contributing to the decline was the negative impact on rental revenues from COVID-19 related customer closures as well as related wearer reductions at customers that remained open. These declines were partially offset in fiscal 2020 by a large direct sale of 20.1 million. 
 The Specialty Garments segment s results are often affected by seasonality and the timing and length of its customers power reactor outages as well as its project-based activities. The improvement in revenues in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 was due primarily to increased direct sales activity in our nuclear operations in the U.S. and Canada as well as strong performance in our cleanroom operations. These increases were partially offset by a decline in revenue from the extra week in fiscal 2019. 
 The increase in our First Aid revenues in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 was due primarily to the strong performance in our wholesale distribution business and increased demand for the segment s safety and personal protective equipment offerings as a result of COVID-19. These increases were partially offset by a decline in revenue from the extra week in fiscal 2019. 
 Cost of revenues 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Fiscal 2020 

Fiscal 2019 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

Cost of revenues 

1,164,932 

1,139,195 

25,737 

2.3 

of Revenues 

64.6 

63.0 

Core Laundry Operations cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues in fiscal 2020 increased from the prior fiscal year. This increase was due to a number of items, including the impact of the decline in our rental revenues on our cost structure, higher merchandise amortization as a percentage of revenues due to the amortization of prior period expenditures, higher cost of revenues related to the large 20.1 million direct sale, additional employee compensation expense, higher bad debt expense, higher casualty claims expense, as well as increased costs for internal-use safety supplies. These items were partially offset by lower incentive compensation, energy, travel-related and healthcare claim costs in fiscal 2020. 
 28 

Our Specialty Garments cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues decreased in fiscal 2020 as compared to the prior fiscal year. The decrease was due primarily to lower production and service, delivery payroll and other delivery costs in fiscal 2020. 
 
 Selling and administrative expense 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Fiscal 2020 

Fiscal 2019 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

Selling and administrative expenses 

361,801 

334,840 

26,961 

8.1 

of Revenues 

20.1 

18.5 

The increase in our selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 was due primarily to a gain of 21.1 million in fiscal 2019 related to the settlement agreement with the lead contractor for the version of the CRM system with respect to which we recorded a 55.8 million impairment charge in fiscal 2017. Also contributing to the increase was a gain of 3.0 million from the settlement of environmental litigation in fiscal 2019 and higher indirect tax costs in fiscal 2020. The items driving the increase in fiscal 2020 were partially offset by lower healthcare claim, travel-related, incentive and other compensation-related costs. 
 Depreciation and amortization 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Fiscal 2020 

Fiscal 2019 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

Depreciation and amortization 

104,697 

103,333 

1,364 

1.3 

of Revenues 

5.8 

5.7 

Depreciation and amortization expense increased in fiscal 2020 as compared to the prior fiscal year due primarily to capital expenditures placed in service over the past several quarters. The increase in depreciation and amortization reflects our continued capital investments in the business. 
 Income from operations 
 For fiscal 2020, the changes in revenues in our Core Laundry Operations, Specialty Garments and First Aid segments, as well as the changes in our costs discussed above, resulted in the following changes in our income from operations: 

Fiscal 
 2020 

Fiscal 
 2019 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Core Laundry Operations 

149,987 

212,954 

(62,967 

(29.6 

Specialty Garments 

17,845 

14,145 

3,700 

26.2 

First Aid 

4,897 

4,909 

(12 

(0.2 

Total consolidated income from operations 

172,729 

232,008 

(59,279 

(25.6 

Percentage of total revenues 

9.6 

12.8 

Other income, net 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Fiscal 2020 

Fiscal 2019 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

Interest income, net 

(6,382 

(9,082 

2,700 

(29.7 

Other expense, net 

1,223 

3,166 

(1,943 

(61.4 

Total other income, net 

(5,159 

(5,916 

757 

(12.8 

29 

The decrease in other income, net, during fiscal 2020 as compared to the prior fiscal year was due primarily to lower interest income from declining interest rates partially offset by higher foreign currency exchange gains. 
 Provision for income taxes 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Fiscal 2020 

Fiscal 2019 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

Provision for income taxes 

42,118 

58,790 

(16,672 

(28.4 

Effective income tax rate 

23.7 

24.7 

The decrease in our effective income tax rate for fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019 was due primarily to a 1.8 million benefit as a result of the relief of certain tax reserves and a 1.6 million discrete tax benefit related to the exercise of stock appreciation rights. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 General 
 Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled 512.9 million as of August 28, 2021, an increase of 38.0 million from 474.8 million as of August 29, 2020. We generated 212.3 million and 286.7 million in cash from operating activities in the fiscal years ended August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, respectively. 
 Pursuant to a share repurchase program approved by the Board of Directors on January 2, 2019, we repurchased 0.1 million shares of our Common Stock for an aggregate of approximately 11.2 million during fiscal 2021, 0.1 million shares of our Common Stock for an aggregate of approximately 21.7 million during fiscal 2020 and 0.2 million shares of our Common Stock for an aggregate 30.5 million during fiscal 2019. 
 We believe, although there can be no assurance, that our current cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments balances, our cash generated from future operations and amounts available under our 2021 Credit Agreement (as defined below) will be sufficient to meet our current anticipated working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months and will help us manage the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and address related liquidity needs. 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities have historically been the primary source of our liquidity. We generally use these cash flows to fund most, if not all, of our operations, capital expenditure and acquisition activities as well as dividends on our Common Stock. We may also use cash flows provided by operating activities, as well as proceeds from loans payable and long-term debt, to fund growth and acquisition opportunities, as well as other cash requirements. 

(In thousands, except percentages) 

Fiscal 
 2021 

Fiscal 
 2020 

Percent 
 Change 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

212,302 

286,684 

(25.9 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(141,465 

(157,616 

(10.2 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(34,255 

(41,103 

(16.7 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

1,448 

1,532 

(5.5 

Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and 
 short-term investments 

38,030 

89,497 

(57.5 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was due primarily to increases in inventory, rental merchandise expenditures and accounts receivable in fiscal 2021. These increases were primarily due to sizable working capital needs of the business as some of our asset positions which were abnormally depressed during the COVID-19 pandemic have returned to their pre-pandemic balances. 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 The decrease in net cash used in investing activities was due primarily to higher cash used in the prior year, including for the acquisition of a Missouri-based industrial laundry business for 38.8 million, for which we used available cash on hand. The decrease in acquisition related activity is partially offset by an increase in capital expenditures related to our continued investment in our infrastructure as well as our key technology initiatives. 
 30 

Net Cash Used in Financing Activities 
 The decrease in net cash used in financing activities was due primarily to incremental cash used in the prior year period for repurchases of Common Stock of 10.5 million. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in dividends paid of 2.4 million, cash outflows for deferred financing costs related to the 2021 Credit Agreement (as defined below) of 0.8 million and an increase in the cash paid for taxes withheld related to the net share settlement of equity awards in fiscal 2021 as compared to the prior year comparable period. 
 Long-term Debt and Borrowing Capacity 
 On March 26, 2021, we entered into an amended and restated 175.0 million unsecured revolving credit agreement (the 2021 Credit Agreement with a syndicate of banks, which matures on March 26, 2026. The 2021 Credit Agreement amended and restated our prior Credit Agreement (as defined below), which was scheduled to mature on April 11, 2021. Under the 2021 Credit Agreement, we may borrow funds at variable interest rates based on, at our election, the Eurodollar rate or a base rate, plus in each case a spread based on our consolidated funded debt ratio. Availability of credit requires compliance with certain financial and other covenants, including a maximum consolidated funded debt ratio and minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio, each as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement. We test our compliance with these financial covenants on a fiscal quarterly basis. As of August 28, 2021, the interest rates applicable to our borrowings under the 2021 Credit Agreement would be calculated as LIBOR plus 1.00 at the time of the respective borrowing. As of August 28, 2021, we had no outstanding borrowings and had outstanding letters of credit amounting to 67.5 million, leaving 107.5 million available for borrowing under the 2021 Credit Agreement. 
 As of August 28, 2021, we were in compliance with all covenants under the 2021 Credit Agreement. 
 Prior to March 26, 2021, we had a 250.0 million unsecured revolving credit agreement (the Prior Credit Agreement with a syndicate of banks, which was scheduled to mature on April 11, 2021. Under the Prior Credit Agreement, we were able to borrow funds at variable interest rates based on, at our election, the Eurodollar rate or a base rate, plus in each case a spread based on our consolidated funded debt ratio. Availability of credit required compliance with certain financial and other covenants, including a maximum consolidated funded debt ratio and minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio, each as defined in the Prior Credit Agreement. 
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 In June 2018, we entered into twelve forward contracts to exchange CAD for U.S. dollars at fixed exchange rates in order to manage our exposure related to certain forecasted CAD denominated sales of one of our subsidiaries. The hedged transactions are specified as the first amount of CAD denominated revenues invoiced by one of our domestic subsidiaries each fiscal quarter, beginning in the third fiscal quarter of 2019 and continuing through the second fiscal quarter of 2022. In total, we will sell approximately 12.1 million CAD at an average Canadian-dollar exchange rate of 0.7814 over these quarterly periods. We concluded that the forward contracts met the criteria to qualify as a cash flow hedge under U.S. GAAP. 
 In August 2021, we entered into twenty forward contracts to exchange CAD for U.S. dollars at fixed exchange rates in order to manage our exposure related to certain forecasted CAD denominated sales of one of our subsidiaries. The hedged transactions are specified as the first amount of CAD denominated revenues invoiced by one of our domestic subsidiaries each fiscal quarter, beginning in the first fiscal quarter of 2022 and continuing through the fourth fiscal quarter of 2026. In total, we will sell approximately 14.1 million CAD at an average Canadian-dollar exchange rate of 0.7861 over these quarterly periods. We concluded that the forward contracts met the criteria to qualify as a cash flow hedge under U.S. GAAP. 
 As of August 28, 2021, we had forward contracts with a notional value of approximately 15.5 million CAD outstanding and recorded the fair value of the contracts of a nominal amount in prepaid expenses and other current assets with a corresponding 0.1 million loss in accumulated other comprehensive loss, which was recorded net of tax. During fiscal 2021, we reclassified a nominal amount from accumulated other comprehensive loss to revenue, related to the derivative financial instruments. The loss on these forward contracts that results in an increase to accumulated other comprehensive loss as of August 28, 2021 is expected to be reclassified to revenues prior to their maturity on February 25, 2022 and August 29, 2026, respectively. 
 Environmental and Legal Contingencies 
 We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of hazardous wastes and other substances. In particular, industrial laundries currently use and must dispose of detergent waste water and other 
 31 

residues, and, in the past, used perchloroethylene and other dry cleaning solvents. We are attentive to the environmental concerns surrounding the disposal of these materials and have, through the years, taken measures to avoid their improper disposal. W e have settled, or contributed to the settlement of, past actions or claims brought against us relating to the disposal of hazardous materials at several sites and there can be no assurance that we will not have to expend material amounts to remediate the consequences of any such disposal in the future. 
 U.S. GAAP requires that a liability for contingencies be recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to determine the existence of a liability, as well as the amount to be recorded. We regularly consult with attorneys and outside consultants in our consideration of the relevant facts and circumstances before recording a contingent liability. Changes in enacted laws, regulatory orders or decrees, our estimates of costs, risk-free interest rates, insurance proceeds, participation by other parties, the timing of payments, the input of our attorneys and outside consultants or other factual circumstances could have a material impact on the amounts recorded for our environmental and other contingent liabilities. 
 Under environmental laws, an owner or lessee of real estate may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances located on, or in, or emanating from, such property, as well as related costs of investigation and property damage. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or lessee knew of or was responsible for the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. There can be no assurances that acquired or leased locations have been operated in compliance with environmental laws and regulations or that future uses or conditions will not result in the imposition of liability upon our Company under such laws or expose our Company to third party actions such as tort suits. We continue to address environmental conditions under terms of consent orders negotiated with the applicable environmental authorities or otherwise with respect to certain sites. 
 We have accrued certain costs related to certain sites, including but not limited to sites in Woburn and Somerville, Massachusetts, as it has been determined that the costs are probable and can be reasonably estimated. We, together with multiple other companies, are party to a consent decree related to our property and other parcels of land (the Central Area at a site in Woburn, Massachusetts. The United States Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA has provided us and other signatories to the consent decree with comments on the design and implementation of groundwater and soil remedies at the Woburn site and investigation of environmental conditions in the Central Area. The consent decree does not address any remediation work that may be required in the Central Area. We, and other signatories, have implemented and proposed to do additional work at the Woburn site but many of the EPA s comments remain to be resolved. We have accrued costs to perform certain work responsive to the EPA s comments. Additionally, we have implemented mitigation measures and continue to monitor environmental conditions at the Somerville, Massachusetts site. We have received, responded, and agreed to undertake additional actions responsive to notices received pertaining to a notice of audit findings from the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection concerning a regulatory submittal that we made in 2009 for a portion of the site. We have received demands from the local transit authority for reimbursement of certain costs associated with its construction of a new municipal transit station in the area of the Somerville site. This station is part of an ongoing extension of the transit system. We have reserved for costs in connection with this matter however, in light of the uncertainties associated with this matter, these costs and the related reserve may change. 
 We routinely review and evaluate sites that may require remediation and monitoring and determine our estimated costs based on various estimates and assumptions. These estimates are developed using our internal sources or by third-party environmental engineers or other service providers. Internally developed estimates are based on: 

Management s judgment and experience in remediating and monitoring our sites 

Information available from regulatory agencies as to costs of remediation and monitoring 

The number, financial resources and relative degree of responsibility of other potentially responsible parties (PRPs) who may be liable for remediation and monitoring of a specific site and 

The typical allocation of costs among PRPs. 

 There is usually a range of reasonable estimates of the costs associated with each site. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, our accruals represent the amount within the range that we believe is the best estimate or the low end of a range of estimates if no point within the range is a better estimate. When we believe that both the amount of a particular liability and the timing of the payments are reliably determinable, we adjust the cost in current dollars using a rate of 3 for inflation until the time of expected payment and discount the cost to present value using current risk-free interest rates. As of August 28, 2021, the risk-free interest rates we utilized ranged from 1.31 to 1.91 . 
 32 

For environmental liabilities that have been discounted, we include interest accretion, based on the effective interest method, in selling and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The changes to the amounts of our environmental liabilities for the years ended August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020 are as follows (in thousands): 

Year ended 

August 28, 
 2021 

August 29, 
 2020 

Beginning balance 

30,702 

27,718 

Costs incurred for which reserves have been provided 

(1,593 

(1,160 

Insurance proceeds 

129 

111 

Interest accretion 

448 

537 

Changes in discount rates 

(1,040 

1,133 

Revisions in estimates 

4,213 

2,363 

Ending balance 

32,859 

30,702 

Anticipated payments and insurance proceeds of currently identified environmental remediation liabilities as of August 28, 2021 for the next five fiscal years and thereafter, as measured in current dollars, are reflected below (in thousands). 

Fiscal year ended August 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

Estimated costs current dollars 

12,490 

2,530 

2,080 

1,366 

1,129 

12,712 

32,307 

Estimated insurance proceeds 

(210 

(159 

(173 

(159 

(173 

(380 

(1,254 

Net anticipated costs 

12,280 

2,371 

1,907 

1,207 

956 

12,332 

31,053 

Effect of inflation 

7,912 

Effect of discounting 

(6,106 

Balance as of August 28, 2021 

32,859 

Estimated insurance proceeds are primarily received from an annuity received as part of our legal settlement with an insurance company. Annual proceeds of approximately 0.3 million are deposited into an escrow account which funds remediation and monitoring costs for two sites related to our former operations. Annual proceeds received but not expended in the current year accumulate in this account and may be used in future years for costs related to this site through the year 2027. As of August 28, 2021, the balance in this escrow account, which is held in a trust and is not recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheet, was approximately 4.7 million. Also included in estimated insurance proceeds are amounts we are entitled to receive pursuant to legal settlements as reimbursements from three insurance companies for estimated costs at one of our sites. 
 Our nuclear garment decontamination facilities are licensed by respective state agencies, as delegated authority by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (the NRC pursuant to the NRC s Agreement State program and are subject to applicable federal and state radioactive material regulations. In addition, our international locations (Canada, the United Kingdom and the European Union) are regulated by equivalent respective jurisdictional authorities. There can be no assurance that such regulation will not lead to material disruptions in our garment decontamination business. 
 From time to time, we are also subject to legal proceedings and claims arising from the conduct of our business operations, including personal injury claims, customer contract matters, employment claims and environmental matters as described above. 
 While it is impossible for us to ascertain the ultimate legal and financial liability with respect to contingent liabilities, including lawsuits and environmental contingencies, we believe that the aggregate amount of such liabilities, if any, in excess of amounts covered by insurance have been properly accrued in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. It is possible, however, that the future financial position and/or results of operations for any particular future period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or strategies related to these contingencies or changes out of our control. 
 Acquisitions 
 As part of our business, we regularly evaluate opportunities to acquire other garment service companies. In recent years, we have typically paid for acquisitions with cash and may continue to do so in the future. To pay for an acquisition, we may use cash on hand, cash generated from operations or borrowings under our 2021 Credit Agreement, or we may pursue other forms of debt financing. Our ability to secure short-term and long-term debt financing in the future will depend on several factors, including our future profitability, our levels of debt and equity, and the overall credit and equity market environments. 
 33 

Contractual Obligations and Other Commercial Commitments 
 The following information is presented as of August 28, 2021 (in thousands). 

Payments Due by Fiscal Period 

Contractual Obligations 

Total 

Less than 
 1 year 

1 3 years 

3 5 years 

More than 
 5 years 

Retirement plan benefit payments 

41,679 

2,157 

3,430 

4,098 

31,994 

Asset retirement obligations 

14,887 

3,798 

11,089 

Operating leases 

45,719 

13,815 

19,503 

8,860 

3,541 

Forward contracts 

15,490 

8,290 

3,600 

3,600 

Purchase Commitments 

65,455 

46,195 

11,691 

2,407 

5,162 

Total contractual cash obligations 

183,230 

70,457 

42,022 

30,054 

40,697 

Includes non-cancellable purchase commitments for inventories, software, and services. 
 We have uncertain tax positions that are reserved totaling 9.3 million as of August 28, 2021 that are excluded from the above table as we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate of the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authority. 
 We have accrued 32.9 million in costs related to certain environmental obligations we have to address under terms of consent orders negotiated with the applicable environmental authorities or otherwise. Refer to Environmental and Legal Contingencies , above for additional discussion on our environmental obligations. 
 As discussed above under Long-Term Debt and Borrowing Capacity , as of August 28, 2021, we had borrowing capacity of 175.0 million under our 2021 Credit Agreement, of which approximately 107.5 million was available for borrowing. Also, as of such date, we had no outstanding borrowings and letters of credit outstanding of 67.5 million. All letters of credit expire in less than one year. 
 As discussed above under Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities , as of August 28, 2021, we had forward contracts with a notional value of approximately 15.5 million CAD outstanding and recorded the fair value of the contracts of a nominal amount in prepaid expenses and other current assets with a corresponding 0.1 million gain in accumulated other comprehensive loss, which was recorded net of tax. During fiscal 2021, we reclassified a nominal amount from accumulated other comprehensive loss to revenue, related to the derivative financial instruments. The loss on these forward contracts that results in an increase to accumulated other comprehensive loss as of August 28, 2021 is expected to be reclassified to revenues prior to their maturity on February 25, 2022 and August 29, 2026, respectively. 
 Effects of Inflation 
 In general, we believe that our results of operations are not dependent on moderate changes in the inflation rate. Historically, we have been able to manage the impacts of more significant changes in inflation rates through our customer relationships, customer agreements that generally provide for price increases consistent with the rate of inflation and continued focus on improvements of operational productivity. However, we expect that the current inflationary environment will pressure our margins in future periods. 
 Energy Costs 
 Significant increases in energy costs, specifically with respect to natural gas and gasoline, can materially affect our operating costs. During fiscal 2021, our energy costs, which include fuel, natural gas, and electricity, represented approximately 3.9 of our total revenue. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on recently implemented and issued accounting standards 
 
 34 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 We have determined that all of our foreign subsidiaries operate primarily in local currencies that represent the functional currencies of such subsidiaries. All assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate prevailing at the balance sheet date. The effects of exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of assets and liabilities are recorded as a component of shareholders equity. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates in effect during each month of the fiscal year. As such, our financial condition and operating results are affected by fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar as compared to currencies in foreign countries. Revenues denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar represented approximately 8.4 , 6.9 and 7.0 of our total consolidated revenues for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Total assets denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar represented approximately 7.0 and 6.7 of our total consolidated assets at August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, respectively. If exchange rates had increased or decreased by 10 from the actual rates in effect during the fiscal year ended August 28, 2021, our revenues and assets for the year ended and as of August 28, 2021 would have increased or decreased by approximately 16.1 million and 16.7 million, respectively. 
 In June 2018, we entered into twelve forward contracts to exchange CAD for U.S. dollars at fixed exchange rates in order to manage our exposure related to certain forecasted CAD denominated sales of one of our subsidiaries. The hedged transactions are specified as the first amount of CAD denominated revenues invoiced by one of our domestic subsidiaries each fiscal quarter, beginning in the third fiscal quarter of 2019 and continuing through the second fiscal quarter of 2022. In total, we will sell approximately 12.1 million CAD at an average Canadian-dollar exchange rate of 0.7814 over these quarterly periods. We concluded that the forward contracts met the criteria to qualify as a cash flow hedge under U.S. GAAP. 
 In August 2021, we entered into twenty forward contracts to exchange CAD for U.S. dollars at fixed exchange rates in order to manage our exposure related to certain forecasted CAD denominated sales of one of our subsidiaries. The hedged transactions are specified as the first amount of CAD denominated revenues invoiced by one of our domestic subsidiaries each fiscal quarter, beginning in the first fiscal quarter of 2022 and continuing through the fourth fiscal quarter of 2026. In total, we will sell approximately 14.1 million CAD at an average Canadian-dollar exchange rate of 0.7861 over these quarterly periods. We concluded that the forward contracts met the criteria to qualify as a cash flow hedge under U.S. GAAP. 
 As of August 28, 2021, we had forward contracts with a notional value of approximately 15.5 million CAD outstanding and recorded the fair value of the contracts of a nominal amount in prepaid expenses and other current assets with a corresponding 0.1 million loss in accumulated other comprehensive loss, which was recorded net of tax. During fiscal 2021, we reclassified a nominal amount from accumulated other comprehensive loss to revenue, related to the derivative financial instruments. The loss on these forward contracts that results in an increase to accumulated other comprehensive loss as of August 28, 2021 is expected to be reclassified to revenues prior to their maturity on February 25, 2022 and August 29, 2026, respectively. 
 Other than the forward contracts discussed above, we do not operate a hedging program to mitigate the effect of a significant change in the value of the functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries, which include the Canadian dollar, euro, British pound, Mexican peso and Nicaraguan cordoba, as compared to the U.S. dollar. Any losses or gains resulting from unhedged foreign currency transactions, including exchange rate fluctuations on intercompany accounts are reported as transaction losses (gains) in our other expense, net. The intercompany payables and receivables are denominated in Canadian dollars, euros, British pounds, Mexican pesos and Nicaraguan cordobas. During the fiscal year ended August 28, 2021, transaction gains included in other expense, net, was 0.6 million. If exchange rates had changed by 10 during fiscal 2021, we would have recognized exchange gains or losses of approximately 0.1 million. 
 Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for an additional discussion of risks and potential risks of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial performance and the market price of our Common Stock. 
 35 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Year ended 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

August 28, 
 2021 

August 29, 
 2020 

August 31, 
 2019 

Revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of revenues (1) 

Selling and administrative expenses (1) 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income 

Other (income) expense: 

Interest income, net 

Other expense, net 

Total other income, net 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Income per share Basic: 

Common Stock 

Class B Common Stock 

Income per share Diluted: 

Common Stock 

Income allocated to Basic: 

Common Stock 

Class B Common Stock 

Income allocated to Diluted: 

Common Stock 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding Basic: 

Common Stock 

Class B Common Stock 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding Diluted: 

Common Stock 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 36 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Year ended 
 (In thousands) 

August 28, 
 2021 

August 29, 
 2020 

August 31, 
 2019 

Net income 

Other comprehensive (loss) income: 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Pension benefit liabilities, net of income taxes 

Change in fair value of derivatives, net of income taxes 

Derivative financial instruments reclassified to earnings 

Other comprehensive (loss) income 

Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 37 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries 

(In thousands, except share and par value data) 

August 28, 
 2021 

August 29, 
 2020 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 

Receivables, less reserves of and , respectively 

Inventories 

Rental merchandise in service 

Prepaid taxes 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Customer contracts, net 

Other intangible assets, net 

Deferred income taxes 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and shareholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued taxes 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Total current liabilities 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued and deferred income taxes 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) 

Shareholders equity: 

Preferred Stock, par value shares authorized shares 
 issued and outstanding 

Common Stock, par value shares authorized and 
 shares issued and outstanding in 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Class B Common Stock, par value shares authorized shares issued and outstanding in both 2021 and 2020 

Capital surplus 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 38 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries 

(In thousands) 

Common 
 Shares 

Class B 
 Common 
 Shares 

Common 
 Stock 

Class B 
 Common 
 Stock 

Capital 
 Surplus 

Retained 
 Earnings 

Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 

Total 
 Equity 

Balance, August 25, 2018 

Net income 

Pension benefit liabilities, net (1) 

Change in fair value of derivatives 

Foreign currency translation 

Dividends declared 

Shares converted 

Share-based compensation, net (2) 

Share-based awards exercised, 
 net (1) 

Repurchase of Common Stock 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle 

Balance, August 31, 2019 

Net income 

Pension benefit liabilities, net (1) 

Change in fair value of derivatives 

Foreign currency translation 

Dividends declared 

Share-based compensation, net (2) 

Share-based awards exercised, 
 net (1) 

Repurchase of Common Stock 

Balance, August 29, 2020 

Net income 

Pension benefit liabilities, net (1) 

Change in fair value of derivatives 

Foreign currency translation 

Dividends declared 

Share-based compensation, net (2) 

Share-based awards exercised, 
 net (1) 

Repurchase of Common Stock 

Balance, August 28, 2021 

(1) 

(2) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 39 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Year ended 
 (In thousands) 

August 28, 
 2021 

August 29, 
 2020 

August 31, 
 2019 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Forgiveness of a liability 

Share-based compensation 

Accretion on environmental contingencies 

Accretion on asset retirement obligations 

Other 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 

Receivables, less reserves 

Inventories 

Rental merchandise in service 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Prepaid and accrued income taxes 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired 

Capital expenditures, including capitalization of software costs 

Proceeds from sale of assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payment of deferred financing costs 

Proceeds from exercise of share-based awards 

Taxes withheld and paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 

Repurchase of Common Stock 

Payment of cash dividends 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Capital expenditures in accounts payable 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid, net of refunds received 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 40 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries reporting segments: U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning, Manufacturing MFG ), Specialty Garments Rental and Cleaning Specialty Garments ), First Aid and Corporate. The operations of the U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning reporting segment are referred to by the Company as its industrial laundry operations and the locations related to this reporting segment are referred to as industrial laundries . The Company refers to its U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning, MFG, and Corporate segments combined as its Core Laundry Operations . 
 The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant adverse impact on the Company s revenues in the second half of fiscal 2020 and the first half of fiscal 2021. In these consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, the Company has assessed the current impact of COVID-19 on its consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, as well as the Company s estimates and accounting policies. The Company has made additional disclosures of these assessments, as necessary. Given the unprecedented nature of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the emergence of new variants of the virus and delays in the distribution and administration of various vaccines, particularly in certain geographic regions, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the full extent or duration of the impact COVID-19 will have on its consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows in the foreseeable future. The ultimate impact of COVID-19 on the Company is highly uncertain and will depend on future developments, and such impacts could exist for an extended period of time, even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides. 
 
 41 
 
 short-term investments. of the Company s revenues are derived from fees for route servicing of Core Laundry Operations, Specialty Garments and First Aid services performed by the Company s employees at the customer s location of business. Revenues from the Company s route servicing customer contracts represent a single-performance obligation. The Company recognizes these revenues over time as services are performed based on the nature of services provided and contractual rates (input method). Certain of the Company s customer contracts, primarily within the Company s Core Laundry Operations, include pricing terms and conditions that include components of variable consideration. The variable consideration is typically in the form of consideration due to a customer based on performance metrics specified within the contract. Specifically, some contracts contain discounts or rebates that the customer can earn through the achievement of specified volume levels. Each component of variable consideration is earned based on the Company s actual performance during the measurement period specified within the contract. To determine the transaction price, the Company estimates the variable consideration using the most likely amount method, based on the specific contract provisions and known performance results during the relevant measurement period. When determining if variable consideration should be constrained, the Company 
 42 

Specialty Garments 

First Aid 

Total Revenues 

During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 the percentage of revenues recognized over time as the services are performed was , and of Core Laundry Operations revenues, respectively, and , and of Specialty Garments revenues, respectively. During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 , and of Core Laundry Operations revenues, respectively, , and of Specialty Garments revenues, respectively, and of First Aid revenues were recognized at a point in time, which generally occurs when the goods are transferred to the customer. million and million, respectively. As of August 29, 2020, the current and non-current assets related to deferred commissions totaled million and million, respectively. During fiscal 2021 and 2020, we recorded million and million, respectively, of amortization expense related to deferred commissions. This amortization expense is classified in selling and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of income. 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Total inventory 

43 
 
 . The amortization expense is included in the cost of revenues on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. In establishing estimated lives for merchandise in service, management considers historical experience and the intended use of the merchandise. Material differences may result in the amount and timing of operating profit for any period if management makes significant changes to these estimates. 

Machinery and equipment 

Motor vehicles 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total property, plant and equipment 

Long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment, are evaluated for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate an asset may be impaired. There were no material impairments of long-lived assets in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. impairments of goodwill or indicators of impairment for definite-lived intangible assets in fiscal 2021, 2020 or 2019. 
 44 
 
 years. Customer contracts have a weighted average useful life of approximately years and other intangible assets, net, which consist of primarily, restrictive covenants, software and trademarks, have a weighted average useful life of approximately years. to over periods ranging from to . The estimated current costs, net of legal settlements with insurance carriers, have been adjusted for the estimated impact of inflation at per year. Changes in enacted laws, regulatory orders or decrees, management s estimates of costs, risk-free interest rates, insurance proceeds, participation by other parties, the timing of payments, the input of the Company s attorneys and outside consultants or other factual circumstances could have a material impact on the amounts recorded for environmental and other contingent liabilities. Refer to Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies , of these Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion and analysis. to . 
 The estimated liability has been based on historical experience in decommissioning nuclear laundry facilities, estimated useful lives of the underlying assets, external vendor estimates as to the cost to decommission these assets in the future, and federal and state regulatory requirements. The estimated current costs have been adjusted for the estimated impact of inflation at per year. The liability has been discounted using credit-adjusted risk-free rates that range from approximately to . Revisions to the liability could occur due to changes in the Company s estimated useful lives of the underlying assets, estimated dates of decommissioning, changes in decommissioning costs, changes in federal or state regulatory guidance on the decommissioning of such facilities, or other changes in estimates. Changes due to revised estimates are recognized by adjusting the carrying amount of the liability and the related long-lived asset if the assets are still in service, or charged to expense in the period if the assets are no longer in service. 
 45 
 
 million, million and million, for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. after the grant date. Accordingly, compensation expense related to these Share-Based Awards in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was recognized on the date of grant. 
 46 
 
 -for-one basis into Common Stock at the option of the holder of the Class B Common Stock. Diluted income per share for the Company s Common Stock assumes the conversion of all of the Company s Class B Common Stock into Common Stock, full vesting of outstanding restricted stock, and the exercise of Share-Based Awards under the Company s stock incentive plans. 

Allocation of net income for Basic: 

Common Stock 

Class B Common Stock 

Weighted average number of shares for Basic: 

Common Stock 

Class B Common Stock 

Income per share for Basic: 

Common Stock 

Class B Common Stock 

The Company is required to calculate the diluted income per share for Common Stock using the more dilutive of the following two methods: 

The treasury stock method or 

The two-class method assuming a participating security is not exercised or converted. 

 For fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company s diluted income per share assumes the conversion of all Class B Common Stock into Common Stock and uses the two-class method for its unvested participating shares. 
 47 

Add: effect of dilutive potential 
 common shares 

Share-Based Awards 

Class B Common Stock 

Diluted Income Per Share 
 Common Stock 

Share-Based Awards that would result in the issuance of , and shares, respectively, of Common Stock were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 because they were anti-dilutive. did not have a material impact on its financial statements. 
 In August 2018, the FASB issued updated guidance to modify the disclosure requirements for employers that sponsor defined benefit pension or other postretirement plans. This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2020 and will be required to be applied on a retrospective basis with early adoption permitted. Accordingly, this standard is effective for the Company on August 29, 2021. The Company s adoption of this guidance on did not have a material impact on its financial statements or related disclosures. 
 In August 2018, the FASB issued guidance that addresses customer s accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract and also adds certain disclosure requirements related to implementation costs incurred for internal-use software and cloud computing arrangements. This guidance aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license). This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods, and any interim periods within those annual periods, that begin after December 15, 2019 with early adoption permitted. The amendments in this update can be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. Accordingly, the guidance was effective for the Company on August 30, 2020. The Company s adoption of this guidance on did not have a material impact on its financial statements. 
 48 

business acquisitions with an aggregate purchase price of approximately million. The allocations of the purchase prices with respect to certain assets acquired during fiscal 2021 are complete. The results of operations of these acquisitions have been included in the Company s consolidated financial results since their respective acquisition dates. These acquisitions were not significant in relation to the Company s consolidated financial results and, therefore, pro forma financial information has not been presented. 
 In September 2019, the Company completed an acquisition for approximately million. The all-cash transaction was structured as an asset acquisition, with the Company acquiring substantially all of the acquired company s industrial laundry, industrial uniform rental and industrial direct sales assets. 

Tangible assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Customer contracts 

Other intangible assets 

Liabilities assumed 

Acquisition of businesses 

Tangible assets acquired primarily relate to accounts receivable, inventory, prepaid expenses and property, plant and equipment. Liabilities assumed primarily relate to leases, accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 
 The amount assigned to intangible assets acquired was based on their respective fair values determined as of the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over the tangible and intangible assets was recorded as goodwill. In fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, the goodwill was primarily allocated to the U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning segment and is deductible for tax purposes. 
 49 

Pension plan assets 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

Total assets at fair value 

As of August 29, 2020 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Fair Value 

Assets: 

Cash equivalents 

Pension plan assets 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

Total assets at fair value 

The Company s cash equivalents listed above represent money market securities and are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices. The Company does not adjust the quoted market price for such financial instruments. 
 The Company s pension plan assets listed above represent guaranteed deposit accounts that are maintained and operated by Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company PRIAC ). All assets are merged with the general assets of PRIAC and are invested predominantly in privately placed securities and mortgages. At the beginning of each calendar year, PRIAC notifies the Company of the annual rates of interest which will be applied to the amounts held in the guaranteed deposit account during the next calendar year. In determining the interest rate to be applied, PRIAC considers the investment performance of the underlying assets of the prior year however, regardless of the investment performance the Company is contractually guaranteed a minimum rate of return. As such, the Company s pension plan assets are included within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 The Company s foreign currency forward contracts represent contracts the Company has entered into to exchange Canadian dollars for U.S. dollars at fixed exchange rates in order to manage its exposure related to certain forecasted Canadian dollar denominated sales of one of its subsidiaries. These contracts are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other long-term assets as of August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020. The fair value of the forward contracts is based on similar exchange traded derivatives and are, therefore, included within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Foreign 

State 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

Foreign 

State 

Total deferred 

Total 

50 

State income taxes 

Other 

Total 

Insurance related 

Environmental 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Payroll and benefit related 

Tax in excess of book depreciation 

Purchased intangible assets 

Rental merchandise in service 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liability 

The Company regularly reviews deferred tax assets for recoverability based upon projected future taxable income and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. Although realization is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that the recorded deferred tax assets will be realized. 
 Effective tax rate 
 The Company s effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended August 28, 2021 was as compared to for the corresponding period in the prior year. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the tax benefit related to the exercise of stock appreciation rights in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. 
 Foreign tax effect 
 As of August 28, 2021, unremitted foreign earnings, have been retained by the Company s foreign subsidiaries for indefinite reinvestment. If the Company were to repatriate those earnings, in the form of dividends or otherwise, the Company could be subject to immaterial withholding taxes payable to the various foreign countries. 
 Uncertain tax positions 
 As of August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, there was million and million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits, of which million and million, respectively, would favorably impact the Company s effective tax rate, if recognized. The Company recognized interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense which is consistent with the recognition of these items in prior reporting periods. As of August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, the Company had accrued a total of million and million, respectively, in interest and penalties, in its long-term accrued liabilities. For the years ended August 28, 2021, August 29, 2020 and August 31, 2019 the Company recognized a nominal expense in its Consolidated Statement of Income related to interest and penalties. 
 51 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 

Additions for tax positions of prior years 

Statute expirations 

Balance at August 29, 2020 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 

Additions for tax positions of prior years 

Reduction for tax positions of prior years 

Statute expirations 

Balance at August 28, 2021 

The Company has a significant portion of its operations in the United States and Canada. It is required to file federal income tax returns as well as state income tax returns in a majority of the U.S. states and also in a number of Canadian provinces. At times, the Company is subject to audits in these jurisdictions, which typically are complex and can require several years to resolve. The final resolution of any such tax audits could result in either a reduction in the Company s accruals or an increase in its income tax provision, both of which could have a material impact on the consolidated results of operations in any given period. 
 
 All U.S. and Canadian federal income tax statutes have lapsed for filings up to and including fiscal years 2015 and 2013, respectively. With a few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to state and local income tax examinations for periods prior to fiscal 2016. The Company is not aware of any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will change significantly in the next 12 months. outstanding loans payable. 
 On March 26, 2021, the Company entered into an amended and restated million unsecured revolving credit agreement (the 2021 Credit Agreement with a syndicate of banks, which matures on . The 2021 Credit Agreement amended and restated the Company s prior Credit Agreement (as defined below), which was scheduled to mature on . Under the 2021 Credit Agreement, the Company may borrow funds at variable interest rates based on, at the Company s election, the Eurodollar rate or a base rate, plus in each case a spread based on the Company s consolidated funded debt ratio. Availability of credit requires compliance with certain financial and other covenants, including a maximum consolidated funded debt ratio and minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio, each as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement. The Company tests its compliance with these financial covenants on a fiscal quarterly basis. As of August 28, 2021, the interest rates applicable to the Company s borrowings under the 2021 Credit Agreement would be calculated as LIBOR plus at the time of the respective borrowing. As of August 28, 2021, the Company had outstanding borrowings and had outstanding letters of credit amounting to million, leaving million available for borrowing under the 2021 Credit Agreement. 
 As of August 28, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the 2021 Credit Agreement. 
 Prior to March 26, 2021, the Company had a million unsecured revolving credit agreement (the Prior Credit Agreement with a syndicate of banks, which was scheduled to mature on . Under the Prior Credit Agreement, the Company was able to borrow funds at variable interest rates based on, at its election, the Eurodollar rate or a base rate, plus in each case a spread based on the Company s consolidated funded debt ratio. Availability of credit required compliance with certain financial and other covenants, including a maximum consolidated funded debt ratio and minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio, each as defined in the Prior Credit Agreement. 
 
 52 
 
 forward contracts to exchange CAD for U.S. dollars at fixed exchange rates in order to manage its exposure related to certain forecasted CAD denominated sales of one of its subsidiaries. The hedged transactions are specified as the first amount of CAD denominated revenues invoiced by one of the Company s domestic subsidiaries each fiscal quarter, beginning in the third fiscal quarter of 2019 and continuing through the second fiscal quarter of 2022. In total, the Company will sell approximately million CAD at an average Canadian-dollar exchange rate of over these quarterly periods. The Company concluded that the forward contracts met the criteria to qualify as a cash flow hedge under U.S. GAAP. 
 In August 2021, the Company entered into forward contracts to exchange CAD for U.S. dollars at fixed exchange rates in order to manage its exposure related to certain forecasted CAD denominated sales of one of its subsidiaries. The hedged transactions are specified as the first amount of CAD denominated revenues invoiced by one of the Company s domestic subsidiaries each fiscal quarter, beginning in the first fiscal quarter of 2022 and continuing through the fourth fiscal quarter of 2026. In total, the Company will sell approximately million CAD at an average Canadian-dollar exchange rate of over these quarterly periods. The Company concluded that the forward contracts met the criteria to qualify as a cash flow hedge under U.S. GAAP. 
 As of August 28, 2021, the Company had forward contracts with a notional value of approximately million CAD outstanding and recorded the fair value of the contracts of a nominal amount in prepaid expenses and other current assets with a corresponding loss of million in accumulated other comprehensive loss, which was recorded net of tax. For the fiscal year ended August 28, 2021, the Company reclassified a nominal amount from accumulated other comprehensive loss to revenue, related to the derivative financial instruments. The loss on these forward contracts that results in an increase to accumulated other comprehensive loss as of August 28, 2021 is expected to be reclassified to revenues prior to their maturity on February 25, 2022 and August 29, 2026, respectively. million, million and million, respectively. 
 Pension Plans and Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans 
 The Company accounts for its pension plans and Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan on an accrual basis over employees estimated service periods. 
 The Company maintains an unfunded Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP for certain eligible employees of the Company. The benefits are based on the employee s compensation upon retirement. The amount charged to expense related to this plan amounted to approximately million, million and million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 53 
 
 . The amount charged to expense related to this plan amounted to approximately million for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, and million for fiscal 2019. 
 In connection with one of the Company s acquisitions, the Company assumed liabilities related to a frozen pension plan covering many of the acquired Company s former employees Textilease Plan ). The Textilease Plan was terminated in fiscal 2020. The pension benefits were based on years of service and the employee s compensation. The Textilease Plan assets were held in a separate GDA with PRIAC however the minimum interest rate per the Textilease Plan contract was . The amount charged to expense related to this plan amounted to approximately million for fiscal 2019. There was expense incurred related to this plan in either fiscal 2021 or 2020. 
 The Company refers to its UniFirst Plan and Textilease Plan collectively as its Pension Plans . 

Interest cost 

Expected return on assets 

Amortization of prior service cost 

Amortization of net loss 

Other events 

Net periodic benefit cost 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

Benefits paid 

Settlements 

Projected benefit obligation, end of year 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

Employer contributions 

Benefits paid 

Settlements 

Fair value of plan assets, end of year 

Funded status (net amount recognized): 

54 
 
 million and million, respectively. As of August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, the accumulated benefit obligations for the Company s SERP were million and million, respectively. 

Accrued liabilities 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Unrecognized prior service cost 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Rate of compensation increase 

N/A 

N/A 

Expected return on plan assets 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Rate of compensation increase 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total benefit payments 

55 

N/A 

N/A 

Customer contracts 

10.0 

14.1 

Other intangible assets 

5.0 

5.3 

Total intangible assets and goodwill acquired 

The Company does not amortize goodwill, but it is reviewed annually or more frequently if certain indicators arise, for impairment. There were impairment losses related to goodwill or intangible assets during the years ended August 28, 2021, August 29, 2020 and August 31, 2019. 

Goodwill recorded during the period 

Other 

Balance as of August 29, 2020 

Goodwill recorded during the period 

Other 

Balance as of August 28, 2021 

As of August 28, 2021, the Company has allocated million, million and million of goodwill to its U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning, Specialty Garments and First Aid segments, respectively. 

Software 

Other intangible assets 

August 29, 2020 

Customer contracts 

Software 

Other intangible assets 

56 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total estimated amortization expense 

Bonuses 

Insurance related 

Environmental related 

Other 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Benefit related 

Environmental related 

Asset retirement obligations 

Insurance related 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total accrued liabilities 

to . 
 The Company recognized as a liability the present value of the estimated future costs to decommission its nuclear laundry facilities. The estimated liability is based on historical experience in decommissioning nuclear laundry facilities, estimated useful lives of the underlying assets, external vendor estimates as to the cost to decommission these assets in the future, and federal and state regulatory requirements. The estimated current costs have been adjusted for the estimated impact of inflation at per year. The liability has been discounted using credit-adjusted risk-free rates that range from approximately to over approximately to . Revisions to the liability could occur due to changes in the Company s estimated useful lives of the underlying assets, estimated dates of decommissioning, changes in decommissioning costs, changes in federal or state regulatory guidance on the decommissioning of such facilities, or other changes in estimates. Changes due to revised estimates are recognized by adjusting the carrying amount of the liability and the related long-lived asset if the assets are still in service, or charged to expense in the period if the assets are no longer in service. 
 57 

Accretion expense 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

Ending balance 

The Company s asset retirement obligations are included in current accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

Operating cash flow impacts 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases 

4.09 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

58 
 
 million, million and million for the fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total payments 

Less interest 

Total present value of lease payments 

Environmental and Legal Contingencies 
 The Company and its operations are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of hazardous wastes and other substances. In particular, industrial laundries currently use and must dispose of detergent waste water and other residues, and, in the past, used perchloroethylene and other dry-cleaning solvents. The Company is attentive to the environmental concerns surrounding the disposal of these materials and has, through the years, taken measures to avoid their improper disposal. The Company has settled, or contributed to the settlement of, past actions or claims brought against the Company relating to the disposal of hazardous materials at several sites and there can be no assurance that the Company will not have to expend material amounts to remediate the consequences of any such disposal in the future. 
 U.S. GAAP requires that a liability for contingencies be recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to determine the existence of a liability, as well as the amount to be recorded. The Company regularly consults with attorneys and outside consultants in its consideration of the relevant facts and circumstances before recording a contingent liability. Changes in enacted laws, regulatory orders or decrees, management s estimates of costs, risk-free interest rates, insurance proceeds, participation by other parties, the timing of payments, the input of the Company s attorneys and outside consultants or other factual circumstances could have a material impact on the amounts recorded for environmental and other contingent liabilities. 
 Under environmental laws, an owner or lessee of real estate may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances located on, or in, or emanating from, such property, as well as related costs of investigation and property damage. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or lessee knew of, or was responsible for the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. There can be no assurances that acquired or leased locations have been operated in compliance with environmental laws and regulations or that future uses or conditions will not result in the imposition of liability upon the Company under such laws or expose the Company to third-party actions such as tort suits. The Company continues to address environmental conditions under terms of consent orders negotiated with the applicable environmental authorities or otherwise with respect to certain sites. 
 The Company has accrued certain costs related to certain sites, including but not limited to sites in Woburn and Somerville, Massachusetts, as it has been determined that the costs are probable and can be reasonably estimated. The Company, together with multiple other companies, is party to a consent decree related to its property and parcels of land (the Central Area at a site in Woburn, Massachusetts. The United States Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA has provided the Company and other signatories to the consent decree with comments on the design and implementation of groundwater and soil remedies at the Woburn site and investigation of environmental conditions in the Central Area. The consent decree does not address any remediation work that may be required in the Central Area. The Company, and other signatories, have implemented and proposed to do additional work at the Woburn site but many of the EPA s comments remain to be resolved. The Company has accrued costs to perform certain work responsive to the EPA s comments. Additionally, the Company has implemented mitigation measures and continues to monitor environmental conditions at the Somerville, Massachusetts site. The Company has received, responded, and agreed to undertake additional response actions pertaining to a notice of audit findings from the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection concerning a regulatory submittal that the Company made in 2009 for a portion of the site. The Company has received demands from the local transit authority for reimbursement of certain costs associated with its construction of a new municipal transit station in the area of the Somerville 
 59 
 
 for inflation until the time of expected payment and discounts the cost to present value using current risk-free interest rates. As of August 28, 2021, the risk-free interest rates utilized by the Company ranged from to . 
 For environmental liabilities that have been discounted, the Company includes interest accretion, based on the effective interest method, in selling and administrative expenses on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Costs incurred for which reserves have been provided 

Insurance proceeds 

Interest accretion 

Changes in discount rates 

Revisions in estimates 

Ending balance 

Estimated insurance proceeds 

Net anticipated costs 

Effect of inflation 

Effect of discounting 

Balance as of August 28, 2021 

Estimated insurance proceeds are primarily received from an annuity received as part of a legal settlement with an insurance company. Annual proceeds of approximately million are deposited into an escrow account which funds remediation and monitoring costs for sites related to former operations. Annual proceeds received but not expended in the current year accumulate in this account and may be used in future years for costs related to this site through the year 2027. As of August 28, 2021, the balance in this escrow account, which is held in a trust and is not recorded in the Company s accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet, was approximately million. Also included in estimated insurance proceeds are amounts the Company is entitled to receive pursuant to legal settlements as reimbursements from insurance companies for estimated costs at one of its sites. 
 The Company s nuclear garment decontamination facilities are licensed by respective state agencies, as delegated authority by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (the NRC pursuant to the NRC s Agreement State program and are subject to 
 60 
 
 million once it was determined that it was not probable that a Customer Relationship Management CRM system that was being developed would be completed and placed into service. On December 28, 2018, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with its lead contractor for the version of the CRM system with respect to which the Company recorded the impairment charge. As part of the settlement agreement, the Company recorded in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 a total gain of million as a reduction of selling and administrative expenses, which includes the Company s receipt of a one-time cash payment in the amount of million as well as the forgiveness of amounts previously due the contractor. The Company also received hardware and related maintenance service with a fair value of million as part of the settlement. 
 From time to time, the Company is also subject to legal proceedings and claims arising from the conduct of its business operations, including personal injury claims, customer contract matters, employment claims and environmental matters as described above. 
 While it is impossible for the Company to ascertain the ultimate legal and financial liability with respect to contingent liabilities, including lawsuits and environmental contingencies, the Company believes that the aggregate amount of such liabilities, if any, in excess of amounts covered by insurance have been properly accrued in accordance with U.S. GAAP. It is possible, however, that the future financial position and/or results of operations for any particular future period could be materially affected by changes in the Company s assumptions or strategies related to these contingencies or changes out of the Company s control. 
 Other Contingent Liabilities 
 As security for certain agreements with the NRC and various state agencies related to the nuclear operations (see above) and certain insurance programs, the Company had standby irrevocable bank commercial letters of credit of million and million outstanding as of August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, respectively. 
 Non-cancellable purchase commitments for inventories, software, and services amounted to million as of August 28, 2021, of which million will be paid in less than 1 year, million will be paid in 1 to 3 years, and the remaining will be paid in 3 to 8 years. shares of Common Stock for issuance under the 1996 Plan. The 1996 Plan provided for the issuance of stock options and stock appreciation rights. The Company ceased granting new awards under the 1996 Plan as of January 21, 2011, and the 1996 Plan expired in accordance with its terms on January 8, 2012. The Company adopted a stock incentive plan (the 2010 Plan in October 2010 and reserved shares of Common Stock for issuance under the 2010 Plan. The 2010 Plan replaced the Company s 1996 Plan. The 2010 Plan permits the award of incentive and non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, unrestricted stock and performance shares (collectively referred to as Share-Based Awards as well as dividend equivalent rights and cash-based awards. On October 27, 2014, the Board of Directors, subject to the approval of the Company s shareholders, which was received at the 2015 annual meeting of shareholders, adopted an amendment to the 2010 Plan to, among other matters, reserve for issuance an additional shares and extend to 2025 the time period awards may be granted under the 2010 Plan. As of August 28, 2021, the number of remaining shares available for future grants under the 2010 Plan was . Share-based compensation expense, which includes expense related to Share-Based Awards, has been recorded in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income in selling and administrative expenses. 
 All Share-Based Awards issued to management were recommended to the Board of Directors by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board of Directors. All Share-Based Awards issued to the Company s non-employee members of the Board of Directors (the Directors under the 2010 Plan were recommended to the Board of Directors by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board of Directors. 
 In fiscal 2019, a total of shares of fully vested unrestricted stock were granted to certain non-employee Directors of the Company. such shares were granted during each of fiscal 2021 and 2020. Accordingly, compensation expense related to the 2019 unrestricted stock was recognized on the date of grant. 
 61 
 
 stock appreciation rights under the 2010 Plan to the Company s non-employee Directors. Such stock appreciation rights were fully vested upon grant, expire on the earlier of the eighth anniversary of the grant date or the second anniversary of the date that the Director ceases to be a member of the Board of Directors and must be settled in stock at the time of exercise. Accordingly, compensation expense related to the stock appreciation rights was recognized on the date of grant. 
 As of August 28, 2021, the total compensation cost not yet recognized related to non-vested Share-Based Awards was approximately million. The weighted average period over which compensation cost for Share-Based Awards will be recognized is years. 
 All stock appreciation rights issued to employees were granted with an exercise price equal to the fair net realizable value of the Company s Common Stock on the date of grant. Other than certain stock appreciation rights which vest on each anniversary of the grant date over a five-year period and, beginning in fiscal 2020, certain stock appreciation rights which vest on the third anniversary of the grant date and on each of the fourth and fifth anniversaries of the grant date, stock appreciation rights are subject to a five-year cliff-vesting schedule under which the awards become fully vested or exercisable after from the date of grant and expire after the grant date. Share-Based Awards granted to the Company s non-employee Directors were fully vested as of the date of grant. Non-employee Director Share-Based Award grants in the form of stock options and stock appreciation rights expire on the earlier of the eighth anniversary of the grant date or the second anniversary of the date that the Director ceases to be a member of the Board of Directors. 
 Time-based restricted stock units granted to employees vest either on each anniversary of the grant date over a five-year period, on each anniversary of the grant date over a three-year period or on a five-year cliff vesting schedule under which the awards become fully vested after from the date of grant. Beginning in fiscal 2020, certain time-based restricted stock units granted to employees vest on the third anniversary of the grant date and on each of the fourth and fifth anniversaries of the grant date. Generally, performance-based restricted stock units granted to employees are earned based on whether and the extent to which the Company achieves certain consolidated revenues and earnings per share. 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected life in years 

5.70 

5.60 

7.24 

Expected volatility 

The weighted average fair values of Share-Based Awards granted in the form of stock appreciation rights during fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019 were , and , respectively. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding, August 28, 2021 

Exercisable, August 28, 2021 

62 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested balance at August 28, 2021 

vote, is freely transferable, and is entitled to a cash dividend equal to of any cash dividend paid on each share of Class B Common Stock. Each share of Class B Common Stock is entitled to votes and can be converted to Common Stock on a share-for-share basis. However, until converted to Common Stock, shares of Class B Common Stock are not freely transferable. During fiscal 2019, shares of Class B Common Stock were converted to Common Stock. such conversions occurred during each of fiscal 2021 and 2020. 
 On October 23, 2019, the Company announced that it would be raising its quarterly dividend to per share for Common Stock and to per share for Class B Common Stock, up from and per share, respectively. The amount and timing of any future dividend payment is subject to the approval of the Board of Directors each quarter. 
 On October 20, 2021, the Company announced that it would be raising its quarterly dividend to per share for Common Stock and to per share for Class B Common Stock, up from and per share, respectively. The amount and timing of any future dividend is subject to the approval of the Board of Directors each quarter. 
 On January 2, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase from time to time up to million of its outstanding shares of Common Stock. Repurchases made under the program, if any, will be made in either the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including economic and market conditions, the Company stock price, corporate liquidity requirements and priorities, applicable legal requirements and other factors. The share repurchase program has been funded to date with available cash and may be funded in the future using the Company s available cash or capacity under its 2021 Credit Agreement and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. During fiscal 2021, the Company repurchased shares for an average price per share of . During fiscal 2020, the Company repurchased shares for an average price per share of . During fiscal 2019, the Company repurchased shares for an average price per share of . Currently, there is million remaining to repurchase outstanding shares of Common Stock under this program. 
 On October 20, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase from time to time up to million of its outstanding shares of Common Stock, inclusive of the amount which remained available under the existing share repurchase program approved on January 2, 2019. Repurchases made under the new program, if any, will continue to be made in either the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, and other relevant factors. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will depend on a variety of factors and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 63 

Change during the year 

Balance as of August 29, 2020 

Change during the year 

Balance as of August 28, 2021 

(1) 
 
 . 

Tax effect reclass 

Total, net of tax 

Derivative financial instruments, net: 

Forward contracts loss (gain) (b) 

Total, net of tax 

Total amounts reclassified, net of tax 

(a) 
 
 . 

b 
 
 . 
 operating segments based on the information reviewed by its chief executive officer: U.S. Rental and Cleaning, Canadian Rental and Cleaning, MFG, Specialty Garments, First Aid and Corporate. The U.S. Rental and Cleaning and Canadian Rental and Cleaning operating segments have been combined to form the U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning reporting segment, and as a result, the Company has reporting segments. 
 The U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning reporting segment purchases, rents, cleans, delivers and sells, uniforms and protective clothing and non-garment items in the United States and Canada. The laundry locations of the U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning reporting segment are referred to by the Company as industrial laundries or industrial laundry locations. 
 The MFG operating segment designs and manufactures uniforms and non-garment items primarily for the purpose of providing these goods to the U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning reporting segment. MFG revenues are primarily generated when goods are shipped from the Company s manufacturing facilities, or its subcontract manufacturers, to other Company locations. These intercompany revenues are recorded at a transfer price which is typically in excess of the actual manufacturing cost. Manufactured products are carried in inventory until placed in service at which time they are amortized at this transfer price. On a consolidated basis, intercompany revenues and income are eliminated and the carrying value of inventories and rental merchandise in service is reduced to the manufacturing cost. Income before income taxes from MFG net of the intercompany MFG elimination offsets the merchandise amortization costs incurred by the U.S. and Canadian Rental and Cleaning reporting segment as the merchandise costs of this reporting segment are amortized and recognized based on inventories purchased from MFG at the transfer price which is above the Company s manufacturing cost. 
 64 

Income (loss) from operations 

Interest (income) expense, net 

Income (loss) before taxes 

Depreciation and amortization 

Capital expenditures 

Total assets 

As of and for 
 the year ended August 29, 2020 

US and 
 Canadian 
 Rental and 
 Cleaning 

MFG 

Net 
 Interco 
 MFG 
 Elim 

Corporate 

Subtotal 
 Core 
 Laundry 
 Operations 

Specialty 
 Garments 

First 
 Aid 

Total 

Revenues 

Income (loss) from operations 

Interest income, net 

Income (loss) before taxes 

Depreciation and amortization 

Capital expenditures 

Total assets 

As of and for 
 the year ended August 31, 2019 

US and 
 Canadian 
 Rental and 
 Cleaning 

MFG 

Net 
 Interco 
 MFG 
 Elim 

Corporate 

Subtotal 
 Core 
 Laundry 
 Operations 

Specialty 
 Garments 

First 
 Aid 

Total 

Revenues 

Income (loss) from operations 

Interest (income) expense, net 

Income (loss) before taxes 

Depreciation and amortization 

Capital expenditures 

Total assets 

65 

Europe, Canada, Mexico and Nicaragua (1) 

Total 

Europe and Canada (1) 

Total 

Income before income taxes for fiscal years: 

2021 

2020 

2019 

United States 

Europe, Canada, Mexico and Nicaragua (1) 

Total 

(1) No country accounts for greater than 10 of total long-lived assets, revenues or income before income taxes 
 
 66 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of UniFirst Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of UniFirst Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 28, 2021, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 28, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of August 28, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated October 27, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Self-Insurance Accruals 

Description of the Matter 

As of August 28, 2021, the Company had recognized current and long-term insurance related liabilities of 34.3 million and 62.1 million, respectively. As discussed in Note 1 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company is self-insured for certain obligations related to health, workers compensation, vehicles and general liability programs and judgments and estimates are used by the Company in determining the potential value associated with reported claims and for events that have occurred but have not been reported. 

67 

Auditing management s estimate of the portion of the insurance related liabilities related to workers compensation, vehicles and general liability is highly judgmental and complex due to the significant uncertainty in the potential value of reported claims and the number and potential value of incurred but not reported claims, the application of significant management judgment in making those estimates and the use of various actuarial methods. The reserve estimate is sensitive to actuarial assumptions used to estimate the ultimate liability for reported claims and to estimate the value of claims that have been incurred but have not been reported. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s self-insurance accrual process. This includes controls over the assumptions and methods used to establish the estimate. Specifically, we tested controls related to management s review of data provided to the actuary, significant actuarial assumptions and the related reconciliations. 
 
 To test the self-insurance accrual, we performed audit procedures over the significant inputs used in management s analysis, including performing transactional testing over the completeness and accuracy of claims data and vouching payments made to third parties. Furthermore, we involved our actuarial specialists to assist in evaluating the key assumptions and methodologies used by management to determine the reserve. We then compared the Company s reserve amount to a range which our actuarial specialist developed based on independently selected assumptions. 

Environmental Contingencies 

Description of the Matter 

As discussed in Note 11 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company is subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing the treatment and disposal of hazardous waste and other substances. As of August 28, 2021, the Company had recorded a current and long-term liability of 12.3 million and 20.6 million, respectively, representing its best estimate of losses related to these environmental matters. 
 
 Auditing management s accounting for environmental loss contingencies was especially challenging, as significant judgment is required by the Company to evaluate whether it is probable that an environmental loss contingency has been incurred and to estimate the future costs to remediate the environmental matters. These judgments include management s identification of sites with potential liabilities, management s estimate of the amount and timing of remediation and other costs, allocation of costs among other potentially responsible parties, changes to enacted laws and regulations, discount rates, and evaluation of information available from regulatory agencies. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s identification and measurement of the environmental loss contingency. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the environmental loss contingency calculation and management s meetings where they evaluate key judgments and estimates affecting the environmental loss contingency, including those outlined in the paragraph above. 
 
 To test the assessment of the probability of incurrence of a loss and whether the loss was reasonably estimable, we inspected correspondence to and from regulatory agencies, obtained legal counsel confirmation letters, met with the Company s legal counsel and other members of management to discuss environmental matters, inspected environmental studies, read the minutes of the meetings of the Company s Board of Directors and committees of the Company s Board of Directors, and obtained a representation letter from the Company. Additionally, we utilized our environmental specialists to perform a search for unrecorded environmental liabilities related to the Company s sites to look for new or contrary evidence. To test the measurement of the environmental liabilities, we performed detailed testing over costs incurred, and based on historical trends and input from management, we evaluated the reasonableness of estimated costs to be incurred. We tested the allocation of costs among potentially responsible parties by analyzing allocation settlement agreements, and tested other assumptions impacting the estimate such as inflation and discount rates by agreeing to third party sources. We also evaluated the accuracy of any changes in measurement of the liability through comparison with historical data. 

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 October 27, 2021 
 68 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that material information relating to the Company required to be disclosed by the Company in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurances of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in designing and evaluating the controls and procedures. We continue to review our disclosure controls and procedures, and our internal control over financial reporting, and may from time to time make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that our systems evolve with our business. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2021, we began the deployment of a new CRM computer system for certain of our Core Laundry Operations locations. The new system is designed to improve functionality, capability and information flow and to increase automation in servicing our customers. We expect to continue with the installation and integration of this CRM system across additional locations. In connection with the deployment of the CRM system, we continued to design, implement and operate new and revised financial and information-technology related controls during the quarter ended August 28, 2021. There were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended August 28, 2021 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Responsibility for Financial Statements 
 Our management is responsible for the preparation, integrity and objectivity of our Consolidated Financial Statements and other financial information contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Those Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. In preparing those Consolidated Financial Statements, management was required to make certain estimates and judgments, which are based upon currently available information and management s view of current conditions and circumstances. 
 The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, which consists solely of independent directors, oversees our process of reporting financial information and the audit of our Consolidated Financial Statements. The Audit Committee stays informed of our financial condition and regularly reviews management s financial policies and procedures, the independence of our independent auditors, our internal control and the objectivity of our financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm has full access to the Audit Committee and meets with the Audit Committee periodically, both with and without management present. 
 We have retained Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit our Consolidated Financial Statements found in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 28, 2021. We have made available to Ernst & Young LLP all of our financial records and related data in connection with their audit of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 69 

Management s Report on Internal C ontrol Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 28, 2021. In making its assessment, management has utilized the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Management concluded that based on its assessment, our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of August 28, 2021. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 28, 2021 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, and a copy of its attestation report is included below. 
 70 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of UniFirst Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited UniFirst Corporation and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of August 28, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, UniFirst Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 28, 2021, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of UniFirst Corporation as of August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 28, 2021, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) of the Company and our report dated October 27, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 October 27, 2021 

71 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 We have adopted a Statement of Corporate Policy and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to our directors and all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and corporate controller. Our Statement of Corporate Policy and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available, free of charge, on our website at www.unifirst.com. Information contained on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or the documents incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We intend to disclose any amendment to or waiver of a provision of the Statement of Corporate Policy and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller by posting such information on our website at www.unifirst.com. 
 Information regarding our directors and executive officers required by this Item 10 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated by reference into this Item 10. Certain information required by this Item 10 is set forth in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Executive Officers . 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information required by this Item 11 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated by reference into this Item 11. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information required by this Item 12 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated by reference into this Item 12. 
 Information concerning our equity compensation plans contained in the table entitled Equity Compensation Plan Information set forth in Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 12. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information required by this Item 13 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated by reference into this Item 13. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information required by this Item 14 will be included in our definitive Proxy SEC for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated by reference into this Item 14. 
 
 72 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The financial statements listed below are filed as part of this report: 
 (1) and (2) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 The items listed below are included under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Consolidated statements of income for each of the three years in the period ended August 28, 2021 
 Consolidated statements of comprehensive income for each of the three years in the period ended August 28, 2021 
 Consolidated balance sheets as of August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020 
 Consolidated statements of shareholders equity for each of the three years in the period ended August 28, 2021 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 28, 2021 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The items listed below are included under Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The following additional schedule is filed herewith: 

For the year ended August 29, 2020 

For the year ended August 31, 2019 

Separate financial statements of the Company have been omitted because the Company is primarily an operating company and all subsidiaries included in the Consolidated Financial Statements are totally held. 
 All other schedules have been omitted since the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 73 

3 EXHIBITS. The list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is set forth below. 
 DESCRIPTION 

3.1 

Restated Articles of Organization (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 5, 2006) 

3.2 

Articles of Amendment dated January 13, 1988 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 5, 2006) 

3.3 

Articles of Amendment dated January 21, 1993 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 5, 2006) 

3.4 

By-laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 10, 2008) 

4.1 

Specimen Stock Certificate for Shares of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 5, 2006) 

4.2 

Description of securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on October 30, 2019) 

10.1 

UniFirst Corporation Unfunded Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as restated January 11, 2017 to incorporate and consolidate all previous amendments thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on April 4, 2017) 

10.2 

UniFirst Corporation 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 14, 2011) 

10.3 

Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement for Company Employees under the UniFirst Corporation 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 14, 2011) 

10.4 

Form of Stock Appreciation Right Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the UniFirst Corporation 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 14, 2011) 

10.5 

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Company Employees under the UniFirst Corporation 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 14, 2011) 

10.6 

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the UniFirst Corporation 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 14, 2011) 

10.7 

Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among UniFirst Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, the other lenders party thereto, BofA Securities, Inc., as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager, Santander Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Documentation Agent. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 1, 2021). 

10.8 

UniFirst Corporation CEO Cash Incentive Bonus Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on December 3, 2013) 

10.9 

UniFirst Corporation Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on December 2, 2014). 

10.10 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the UniFirst Corporation Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 20, 2017) 

10.11 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the UniFirst Corporation Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (with respect to performance-based restricted stock unit awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on January 3, 2019) 

10.12 

UniFirst Corporation Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on April 4, 2018) 

74 

10.13 

UniFirst Corporation Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on April 4, 2019) 

10.14 

Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award for Company Employees under the UniFirst Corporation Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on January 9, 2020) 

10.15 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award for Company Employees under the UniFirst Corporation Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on January 9, 2020) 

10.16 

UniFirst Corporation Executive Employment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on October 28, 2020) 

10.17 

Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award for eligible participants under the UniFirst Corporation Executive Employment Plan pursuant to the UniFirst Corporation Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on October 28, 2020) 

10.18 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award for eligible participants under the UniFirst Corporation Executive Employment Plan pursuant to the UniFirst Corporation Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on October 28, 2020) 

10.19 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award for eligible participants under the UniFirst Corporation Executive Employment Plan pursuant to the UniFirst Corporation Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (with respect to performance-based restricted stock unit awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on October 28, 2020) 

21 

List of Subsidiaries (filed herewith) 

23.1 

Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (filed herewith) 

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Steven S. Sintros (filed herewith) 

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Shane O Connor (filed herewith) 

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 

32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. (filed herewith) 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed herewith) 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) (filed herewith) 

Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 75 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

UniFirst Corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Steven S. Sintros 

Steven S. Sintros 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

October 27, 2021 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

NAME 

TITLE 

DATE 

/s/ Steven S. Sintros 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

October 27, 2021 

Steven S. Sintros 

/s/ Shane O Connor 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
 Officer (Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 

October 27, 2021 

Shane O Connor 

/s/ Cynthia Croatti 

Director 

October 27, 2021 

Cynthia Croatti 

/s/ Phillip L. Cohen 

Director 

October 27, 2021 

Phillip L. Cohen 

/s/ Kathleen Camilli 

Director 

October 27, 2021 

Kathleen Camilli 

/s/ Michael Iandoli 

Director 

October 27, 2021 

Michael Iandoli 

/s/ Thomas Postek 

Director 

October 27, 2021 

Thomas S. Postek 

/s/ Raymond Zemlin 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

October 27, 2021 

Raymond C. Zemlin 

76 

<EX-21>
 2
 unf-ex21_9.htm
 EX-21

unf-ex21_9.htm

Exhibit 21 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the Company: 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization or Incorporation 

UniFirst Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

UniTech Services Group, Inc. 
 
 California 

UniFirst First-Aid Corporation 
 
 Maryland 

UniTech Services Canada Ltd. 
 
 Canada 

UniTech Services SAS 
 
 France 

UniTech Services B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

UniTech Services GmbH 
 
 Germany 

UniTech Services Group Ltd. 
 
 United Kingdom 

UniFirst Canada Ltd. 
 
 Canada 

RC Air LLC 
 
 New Hampshire 

UONE Corporation 
 
 Massachusetts 

Uniformes de San Luis S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

UniFirst S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

UniFirst Far East Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

UniFirst Manufacturing Corporation 
 
 Massachusetts 

UniFirst Nicaragua S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Nicaragua 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 unf-ex231_11.htm
 EX-23.1

unf-ex231_11.htm

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 

(1) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-177485) pertaining to the UniFirst Corporation 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, and 

(2) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-203339) pertaining to the UniFirst Corporation Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan; 

of our reports dated October 27, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of UniFirst Corporation and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of UniFirst Corporation and subsidiaries, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of UniFirst Corporation for the year ended August 28, 2021. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 October 27, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 unf-ex311_8.htm
 EX-31.1

unf-ex311_8.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 
 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Steven S. Sintros, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of UniFirst Corporation; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant, and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 27, 2021 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Steven S. Sintros 

Steven S. Sintros 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 unf-ex312_15.htm
 EX-31.2

unf-ex312_15.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 
 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Shane O Connor, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of UniFirst Corporation; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant, and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 27, 2021 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Shane O Connor 

Shane O Connor 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
 Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 unf-ex321_6.htm
 EX-32.1

unf-ex321_6.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 
 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), I, Steven S. Sintros, President and Chief Executive Officer of UniFirst Corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 28, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 27, 2021 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Steven S. Sintros 

Steven S. Sintros 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 unf-ex322_14.htm
 EX-32.2

unf-ex322_14.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 
 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), I, Shane O Connor, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of UniFirst Corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 28, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 27, 2021 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Shane O Connor 

Shane O Connor 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
 Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 unf-20210828.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 unf-20210828_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 unf-20210828_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 unf-20210828_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 unf-20210828_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

